 
 
6 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
We license the Tapestry System (the "System") which consists of the elements, including know-
how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand and 
currently includes the Marks; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other 
marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials, standards, specifications 
and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel, and other 
elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual (as that term is defined in our 
Franchise Agreement) or in other communications to you; and, programs for our inspecting the 
hotel and consulting with you.  We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete 
elements of the System.  We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation 
of your Hotel, under the Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we 
have established as the essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion. 
We also offer franchises for an eforea spa to be located at the hotel, featuring an exclusive menu 
of treatment journeys and innovative design elements, including unique zones that a spa guest 
passes through on their treatment journey. If you elect to add an eforea spa to your Hotel, you 
must sign the Eforea Spa Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Spa Amendment”) attached as 
Exhibit D-3. If you sign the Spa Amendment, the System will include the eforea spa and all of its 
elements and you must comply with the eforea spa Manual. In that case, references in this 
Disclosure Document to the Manual will also include the eforea spa Manual. If there is a conflict 
between the Manual, and the eforea spa Manual, the eforea spa Manual will control. If you are 
operating a spa under a trademark other than eforea, the System will not include the eforea spa 
concept, but you still must comply with the System and our requirements related to spas generally, 
as found in our Manual.  The franchisee of the eforea spa must be the franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
We also offer licenses for the Restaurant Brands that may be used in the operation of one or more 
restaurant or bar facilities located at your Hotel. We will begin offering these Restaurant Brands 
in 2024. We will offer several different Restaurant Brands that reflect different dining concepts, as 
detailed on Exhibit J-2. Our Restaurant Brands are optional. You are not required to use any 
Restaurant Brand at your Hotel. Each Restaurant Brand features a distinctive brand name and 
trademark that conveys a specific identity, concept and theme, and the type of dining experience 
for guests, including the type of food and beverages offered, the décor, ambiance, lighting, music, 
operating supplies, and service experience. For each Restaurant Brand we will provide the brand 
name and trademark, along with a package of support materials that includes menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept. We may specify 
required menu items and the types and quality level of other menu items that you may offer. We 
do not place any restrictions on your sources of food products or other items used in the 
restaurant, however, any sourcing restrictions that apply to restaurants and food and beverage 
outlets generally under the Standards apply to the Restaurant Brands as well.  Currently, the 
Restaurant Brands do not have any quality assurance or training requirements in addition to or 
separate from those that exist generally under the Standards, but we may develop such additional 
