HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM AGREEMENT 
THIS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of %HotelApprovedDate% (the “Effective 
Date”) by and between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC (“HSS”) and %LegalEntity% (“Customer”), each of which is a “Party” and both of 
which are, collectively, the “Parties”. This Agreement includes all of its attachments, exhibits, schedules and Order Documents as well as 
all other documents expressly incorporated into it by reference.  
RECITALS 
Customer is a party to a management agreement and/or franchise agreement with an affiliate of HSS for the %BrandCodeDesc% hotel 
located at %PropertyAddressLine%, (the “Hotel”). Customer is entering into this Agreement in order to obtain and use certain information 
technology (“IT”) products, services and systems for and at the Hotel.  
ARTICLE 1. 
DEFINITIONS AND ORDER DOCUMENTS 
1.1 
Use of Relationship Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to include all of the terms, requirements, 
covenants and conditions contained in either (i) the Customer’s Franchise Agreement; or (ii) the Customer’s Management Agreement, 
(the “Relationship Agreement”), with such modifications as are necessary to make them applicable to this Agreement and the Parties as 
if set out in full in this Agreement. In the event that both a Customer’s Franchise Agreement and Customer’s Management Agreement 
exist, without prejudice to Article 7 (Precedence and Interpretation) then only the terms, requirements, covenants and conditions contained 
in the Customer’s Franchise Agreement will be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement. 
1.2 
Definitions. Unless otherwise defined in the body of this Agreement or in Annex 1 – Definitions, all of the defined words and 
expressions used in this Agreement have the meanings set out in the Relationship Agreement. 
1.3 
Ordering Software, Services and Authorized Equipment.  Customer may order Software, Services and Authorized Equipment 
by submitting an HSS-approved form of order document (“Order Document”) to HSS.  Once accepted by HSS the Order Document 
becomes part of this Agreement.  
ARTICLE 2. 
SOFTWARE, FEES AND MASTER AGREEMENTS 
2.1 
License to Software.  HSS licenses to Customer the Proprietary Software and sublicenses to Customer the Certified Third Party 
Software set forth in the Order Document on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.   
2.1.1 
Customer may be required to execute a separate license agreement directly with one or more third party software 
providers in connection with Certified Third Party Software not licensed from HSS and such Certified Third Party Software will 
be licensed on the terms and conditions set out in such separate license agreement. 
2.1.2 
The Proprietary Software and Certified Third Party Software for which there is no separate license agreement are 
licensed or sublicensed to Customer under this Agreement on the following terms and conditions: 
a) 
 The license is personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable. 
b) 
The Software may be used by Customer solely on the Authorized Equipment and solely for the operation of the 
Hotel.   
c) 
Except for a single copy of Certified Third Party Software which may be maintained by Customer for archival 
back-up purposes, Customer will not reproduce or reuse, in whole or in part, any Software, documentation or materials 
comprising any portion of the Information System in any manner (whether directly or in creating a new use or otherwise) 
without the prior written consent of HSS. Customer will not cause or permit any reverse engineering, disassembly or 
de-compilation of any of the Software or any review of Software data structures. 
d) 
Customer will accept all patches, bug fixes, updates, version upgrades, maintenance and service packs 
(collectively, “Patches”) from HSS or the relevant Preferred Provider that are deemed necessary by HSS for the proper 
function and security of the Software.  HSS is not responsible for performance or security issues that result from 
Customer’s failure to accept the application of Patches.   
e) 
Customer recognizes the confidential and proprietary nature of the Software and agrees to maintain the Software 
in confidence in accordance with Article 6 (Confidentiality).  Customer will not permit the Software and related 
documentation to be used or accessed by anyone other than Customer’s employees or contractors pursuant to Section 
2.1.2 (b) who are bound by obligations of confidentiality no less stringent than those set forth herein.   
