 
 
80 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreements 
Summary 
your Hotel, hotel site and restaurant to de-identify your 
restaurant as an Restaurant Brand, return all copies of the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines, cancel all assumed name or 
equivalent registrations and transfer any domain name 
listings and registrations that contain any reference to the 
Restaurant Brand to us, and cease representing yourself 
or the hotel as then or formerly operating a Restaurant 
Brand restaurant. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 
You must stop using our software and related documents, 
return all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done 
so. 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
FA §12.1 
We may assign or Transfer this Agreement or any of our 
rights, duties, or assets under this Agreement, by 
operation of law or otherwise, to any person or legal entity 
without your consent, provided that any such person or 
legal entity shall be required to assume all of our 
obligations to permit you to operate the Hotel under the 
Brand after such assignment. Any of our Affiliates may 
transfer, sell, dispose of, or otherwise convey, their 
ownership rights in us or any of our Affiliates, by operation 
of law or otherwise, including by public offering, to any 
person or legal entity without your consent. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
 
HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under 
the HITS Agreement to third parties but remains 
responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
interest, including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the 
Franchise Agreement, the site on which the hotel is 
located or any direct or indirect Equity Interest (as defined 
in the Franchise Agreement). You may not transfer to a 
Competitor or a Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  We 
consider any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any 
of your rights or obligations under the HITS Agreement to 
be a “transfer” by you. 
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
FA §12.2 
A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, 
or the Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations 
under it) are prohibited unless expressly allowed in the 
Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreement allows 2 
types of Transfers if certain conditions are satisfied: (a) 
Permitted Transfers; and (b) Change of Ownership 
Transfers.  In any Transfer, the proposed Transferee may 
not be a Sanctioned Person or a Competitor. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there 
is a Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement, we may permit the HITS Agreement to be 
assigned. 
m. Conditions for 
our approval of 
transfer 
FA §12.2.1 
Permitted Transfers are Transfers that will not result in a 
change of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site.  
FA §12.2.1.1 
You may complete the following types of Permitted 
Transfers without giving us notice or obtaining our 
