 
 
67 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or businesses described in this 
paragraph.   
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or including 
the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating to your 
Hotel or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. You must 
obtain our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, and 
any proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for further information concerning our 
Web Site requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the 
channels through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the trademark “Tapestry” (“Principal Mark”). As used in the Franchise 
Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks. The Marks include the 
Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, 
symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System. If you open an eforea branded spa and sign the Spa 
Amendment, the Marks will include the eforea trademarks and service marks during the term of 
the Spa Amendment. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one of the Restaurant 
Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the applicable 
Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
TAPESTRY 
5775995 
June 11, 2019 
EFOREA 
3952726 
April 26, 2011 
EFOREA butterfly design (design) 
3952727 
April 26, 2011 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2. 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US.  The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
