 
 
69 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
unauthorized use of the Marks will be an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement. You may not, and must ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any 
Competitor to use Your Marks without our prior written approval.    
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license 
the use of these Marks in any material manner. There are no infringements actually known to us 
that could materially affect your use of the Marks. There are no effective determinations of the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There 
is no pending material litigation or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings 
in the United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits 
and renewals have been filed.  
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Our license from HIH includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating to the Brand 
(as well as eforea spa and/or a Restaurant Brand as applicable) in the US. You may use this 
intellectual property only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, as 
set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. If applicable, you may use the intellectual 
property related to the eforea Brand only so long as you are operating an eforea spa. If applicable, 
you may use the intellectual property related to a licensed Restaurant Brand only so long as you 
are operating the restaurant or bar that we have approved to utilize that Restaurant Brand. The 
Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other intellectual property owned by 
any of our affiliates. 
Neither we nor HIH own any rights in or licenses to any patents or registered copyrights nor have 
any pending patent applications material to our franchise business.  The proprietary information 
of HIH, which has been licensed to us, consists of the Manual and all other information or 
materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, specifications, procedures, information, 
systems and knowledge of and experience in the development, operation, marketing and 
licensing of the System (“Proprietary Information”).  You must treat the Proprietary Information as 
confidential.  You must adopt and implement all reasonable procedures we may periodically 
establish to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary Information, including 
restrictions on disclosure to your employees and the use of non-disclosure and non-competition 
clauses in agreements with your employees, agents and independent contractors who have 
access to the Proprietary Information.  
The Standards, as compiled in the Manual or set out in the Franchise Agreement or otherwise, 
set forth our requirements and recommended practices and procedures regarding the 
specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies for design, construction, renovation, 
refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotel operations and 
for hotel identification, advertising and accounting. Although neither we, nor HIH, nor any 
predecessor of either of us, have filed an application for a copyright registration for the Manual, 
we and HIH claim copyrights and the information is proprietary. You must comply with our 
requirements concerning confidentiality of the Manual. You may not copy or distribute any part of 
the Manual to anyone who is not affiliated with the System. You must promptly notify us, in writing, 
when you learn of any unauthorized use of our Proprietary Information. We will respond as we 
think appropriate. We are not, however, obligated to participate in your defense or indemnify you 
