 
 
59 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
(1) 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  We will 
include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, in advertising of 
System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing programs offered by 
us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System Hotels (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.4).   
(2) 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service 
currently connects System Hotels to our global reservations database and global 
distribution systems. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2). However, if your Hotel is in 
default we may suspend our obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement, including 
removing the listing of your Hotel from any directories we publish and from any advertising 
we publish, assessing any applicable non-compliance fee, and/or suspending or removing 
your Hotel from the Reservations Service. (Franchise Agreement, Section 13.3).  
(3) 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
(4) 
If you are operating an eforea spa, we will also make available to you the services of a 
team member who will periodically provide you with suggestions for the improvement of 
your spa’s operations (Spa Amendment, Section 4). 
(5) 
If you are operating a restaurant or bar in your Hotel that utilizes a Restaurant Brand, our 
quality assurance program may include conducting periodic inspections and audits to 
ensure compliance with Restaurant Brand Guidelines as well as the Brand Standards. We 
may utilize third-party service providers to conduct these inspections and audits. We will 
also make available to you the services of a team member who will periodically provide 
you with suggestions for the improvement of your restaurant’s or bar’s operations 
(Restaurant Brand Amendment, Section 4). The Monthly Program Fee will not be used to 
pay for any quality assurance program elements that apply exclusively to the Restaurant 
Brands. 
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you or your personnel. Management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
Quality Assurance Program 
Our quality assurance program has multiple components. Under this program, we conduct 
periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits (including Stay Score 
assessments) to ensure your Hotel’s compliance with PIP requirements, renovation requirements, 
and overall System Standards.  Our quality assurance fees are listed in Item 6. The intent of these 
fees is to recoup our actual costs as well as damage and losses incurred in connection with harm 
done to the Brand’s reputation and goodwill as a result of quality and service failures at Brand 
