 
 
70 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
for damages or expenses if you are a party to a proceeding involving the copyright on the Manual.  
Items 11 and 15 of this Disclosure Document further describe the limitations on the use of the 
Manual. 
Although neither HIH nor any predecessor has filed an application for copyright registration for 
the Hilton OnQ software, which includes OnQ (formerly System 21) and other Hilton systems 
(namely the Revenue and Customer Relationship Management Systems), HIH claims copyrights 
and the information is Proprietary Information. You may not copy or distribute any of the OnQ 
software, and you must notify us of any unauthorized use of the OnQ software or any other Hilton 
systems. 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any of HIH’s 
claimed copyrighted materials. Also, there are no currently effective determinations of the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office, Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any court pertaining to or 
affecting any of the claimed copyrights discussed above. Finally, as of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document, neither we nor HIH are aware of any infringing uses of or superior prior 
rights to any of their claimed copyrights which could materially affect your use of them. 
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion to modify or discontinue the use of any 
current or future copyright and/or the use of one or more additional or substitute copyrights, you 
must comply with our instructions. We are not obligated to reimburse you for any costs, expenses 
or damages. 
Although the copyrights described above are claimed by HIH, as applicable, the copyrights may 
be transferred to another affiliate for administrative purposes periodically, and we will continue to 
have a license to use them in connection with the System in our franchise business.  
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the 
obligations for the Marks described in Item 13 of this Disclosure Document. 
All information that we provide to you, including but not limited to Personal Information, for your 
use in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. You may not use any 
such information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the Standards 
or otherwise.  All information we obtain from you or about your Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (including agreements relating 
to the computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other 
system(s) we provide or require), or otherwise related to your Hotel (“Information”), and all 
revenues we derive from the Information will also be our property (except for Information you 
provide with respect to yourself and any affiliates, including your or your affiliates’ respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners or members), which we may use for any reason as we 
consider necessary or appropriate, in our judgment, including making financial performance 
representations in our Franchise Disclosure Documents. At your own risk you may use 
Information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Hotel, such as customer data (but 
not including any such information obtained in connection with guest reservations or any loyalty 
or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates), at any time during or after the Term, 
to the extent lawful and, but only in connection with operating your Hotel.  
You must abide by all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal 
information, including, without limitation, local, regional and national requirements applicable to 
your Hotel (“Privacy Laws”). In addition, you must comply with our standards and policies 
