 
 
50 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
professional certifying to us that the Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility for 
those with disabilities. You may not start construction until you receive our approval. Once 
you receive our approval, you may not make any changes to the plans without our advance 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3 and 6.1.4).  
 
 
For a Conversion, Plan and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the PIP.  
Before we approve your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must certify to 
us that the Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities.  
You shall not commence any Renovation Work unless and until we have issued our written 
consent in respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably 
withheld. Once we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may 
be made to the Plans or Designs without our prior written consent.  
  
 
By consenting to the Plans and Designs or any changes or modifications to the Plans and 
Designs, we do not warrant the depth of our analysis or assume any responsibility or 
liability for the suitability of the Plans and Designs or the resulting Renovation Work. On 
completion of the Renovation Work and, as a condition to our authorization to open the 
Hotel under the Brand, your architect, general contractor or other certified professional 
must provide us with a certificate stating that the as-built premises comply with all laws 
relating to accessibility for those with disabilities.  Consenting to the opening of the Hotel 
is within our sole business discretion (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2., 6.1.3, 6.1.4 
and 6.1.5). 
 
(4) 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management company for the 
hotel (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management 
company, we look at the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience 
and performance in managing similar first-class, full-service hotels, as well as other 
relevant factors. If we do not approve your proposed management company, then we will 
require you to hire a professional hotel management company satisfactory to us to 
manage the hotel for at least the first year of operations. At the end of the year, if you 
request it, we will reevaluate this requirement. 
 
(5) 
We will provide you with the applicable HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by 
HSS) before you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use 
the Reservation Service which is an integral part of the System we license to you (see 
Computer System below.)   
 
(6) 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
(7) 
If you open an eforea spa with your Hotel, before your spa opens, we or one of our affiliates 
will provide you with the eforea design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite and 
spa menus (Spa Amendment, Section 4).  We will also loan to you a copy of the eforea 
spa Manual or provide you with electronic access to the eforea spa Manual on the Hilton 
Intranet resources library.  The eforea spa Manual is confidential and is the property of 
our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6).  The current Table of Contents of 
the eforea spa Manual is attached at Exhibit H-2.  We will also provide you with a list of 
approved suppliers and specifications for required operating equipment, products, 
supplies and furnishings in the spa (Spa Amendment, Section 4). 
