 
 
13 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
California against Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. and SAS Institute, Inc. (together, 
“IDeaS”) and several hotel defendants, including Hilton Worldwide, asserting alleged violations of 
Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The complaint alleges that the hotel defendants improperly shared 
information with competing hotels through IDeaS and used IDeaS’s revenue management 
software to improperly set room rates in various hotel markets throughout the United States.   
On June 7, 2024, a substantially similar lawsuit captioned Steven Shattuck v. SAS Institute Inc., 
Civil Case No. 4:24-cv-03424, was filed in the Northern District of California. The Shattuck case 
was consolidated with Dai, and on July 15, 2024, a consolidated amended complaint was filed.  
Hilton Worldwide intends to vigorously defend its interests in this matter. 
Ryan Segal v. Amadeus IT Group, S.A., et. al. (N.D. Ill.), Civil No. 1:24-civil-01783 (Class Action).   
On March 1, 2024, plaintiff filed a class action lawsuit against Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amadeus 
Hospitality Americas, Inc., and several hotel companies including Hilton Worldwide. Plaintiff 
alleges that the defendants violated the Sherman Act by agreeing to exchange certain data 
through Amadeus, thereby allegedly allowing the hotel defendants to set higher room rates at 
luxury hotels in certain markets. On March 25, 2024 Hilton Domestic Operating Company, Inc. 
was substituted as a defendant in place of Hilton Worldwide. Hilton Worldwide intends to 
vigorously defend its interests in this matter.  
Jeanette Portillo, et. al.  v. CoStar Group, Inc., et. al. (W.D. Wash.), Civil No. 2:24-cv-00229 (Class 
Action).  
On February 20, 2024, plaintiffs filed a class action lawsuit against the CoStar Group, Inc. and its 
subsidiary STR, Inc., together with several hotel companies including Hilton Worldwide.  Plaintiffs 
allege that the defendants violated the Sherman Act by exchanging competitive data through 
Smith Travel Research (STR), owned by the CoStar and STR defendants, which resulted in 
higher room rates at luxury hotels in certain markets.  Hilton Worldwide intends to vigorously 
defend its interests in this matter. 
B. 
CONCLUDED ACTIONS – INVOLVING US OR HILTON (F/K/A HHC, HWI, and PARK) 
State of Texas v. Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (District Court of Collin County, Texas, 
CAUSE NO. 296-02595-2023). 
On May 23, 2023, the plaintiff filed suit against Hilton alleging the violations of the Texas 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act in relation to how mandatory guest fees are disclosed to 
consumers. Mandatory guest fees are amounts that hotels charge guests for certain amenities 
separate from the daily room rate.  Plaintiff alleged that Hilton failed to include mandatory guest 
fees in advertisements and disclosures made to consumers during the telephone booking 
process, and improperly disclosed these fees only at the end of the online booking process. 
Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels have indicated that mandatory 
guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were routinely provided at no cost or 
bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised as free but were actually 
covered by the mandatory guest fee. Plaintiff sought an injunction, restitution for Texas 
consumers, civil penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs. In January 2025, the parties settled the 
case. Without admitting any fault, Hilton agreed to pay Texas $2.1 million and to disclose, display, 
and sort guest rooms by their total cost on its hotel reservation websites, require third party 
platforms to do the same, inform customers of all material facts about bookings, refrain from 
making misrepresentations or misleading customers, and comply with Texas law. 
