 
 
31 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
Category 3 – Monthly 
Reports Only Models, 
currently $1,205 to $1,865. 
 
Category 4 – Monthly Lead 
Management Service 
Models, currently $999 to 
$5,599. 
 
Category 5 – Monthly 
Group Rooms Coordinator 
Models, currently $835 to 
$5,529. 
 
 
are subject to change. Your 
participation in RMCC is optional.  
However, RMCC may be required in 
certain circumstances. See Note 9. 
 
Procurement and 
Services Fees 
Currently, 4% to 10% of 
project cost. 
As agreed. 
Payable if you buy from HSM, in 
addition to the product cost, freight, 
taxes and other actual costs incurred 
by HSM. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us 
or our affiliates and are non-refundable. Other than the Monthly Royalty Fees, Restaurant Brands 
Annual Fee, and liquidated damages, all fees are subject to change. 
NOTES 
1. 
The Monthly Fees are calculated in accordance with the then-current Uniform System of 
Accounts for the Lodging Industry, or as specified by us in the Manual. "Gross Rooms Revenue" 
means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of guest rooms (both transient and permanent) 
of the hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards under the loyalty 
programs in which the hotel participates, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room 
rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fee, late cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-show 
revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less 
allowances for any guest room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected 
directly from patrons or guests. Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to 
third-party groups for group stays must be included, and not deducted from, the calculation of 
Gross Rooms Revenue.  
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition 
to the base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, 
destination fees, amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest 
Fees do not include employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees 
and assessments that are levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a 
third party (such as tourism public improvement district fees, tourism or improvement 
assessments, and convention center fees). 
“Gross Spa Revenue” means all revenue from services and retail sales of products from the 
eforea spa, less allowances for spa rebates and overcharges, but does not include any sales or 
other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenues from food and beverage sales 
of the spa. 
