 
 
58 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
 
10. 
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management 
company representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the 
opening of your Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager 
must attend. If a Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select. Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training.  
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
 
12. 
Eforea Spa Training. If you have an eforea spa at your Hotel, product and service training 
must be completed before your eforea Spa opens for business by the spa director (or equivalent), 
each member of your leadership team, all members of administration and all technical positions 
including estheticians, nail technicians, therapists and hairdressers. Training will focus on the 
various products and services that you will provide at your spa. Training will be conducted by 
personnel of the suppliers we specify who are providing their products and services to your spa. 
They will generally have a minimum of 6 to 10 years’ experience in the spa industry and at least 
1 year’s experience with their respective companies. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. We may require you to attend an eforea spa Brand guest experience training in the future 
on how to deliver the eforea spa experience. 
 
13. 
Tapestry Orientation. All Hotel staff must complete this orientation program within 30 
days of the opening. Any new personnel hired after the opening of your Hotel must complete an 
orientation program within 30 days of their start date. It is conducted by the persons you designate 
to provide training periodically at your Hotel. The amount of required training varies by the role or 
function. Currently there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
