 
 
34 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
7. 
We currently provide an online booking platform for group events that allows guests to 
check rates and availability and book guestrooms and event space (within certain limits on the 
number of rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate 
and complete the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third 
party vendors that help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted 
for certain cancellations or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to 
change. 
8. 
The term “Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been 
operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise 
Agreement for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) 
divided by 24; and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of 
all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening 
Date and the termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.  
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees 
per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 
full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s 
Average Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining 
the System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
In calculating this average, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, 
ramps, or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest 
Rooms were removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 
days. In the case of Business Interruptions, the Measurement Period will be adjusted earlier in 
time to account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred.    
 
9.  
RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 2: If your Hotel has an 
expedited opening of 150 days or less, your Hotel must participate in the applicable monthly 
service model in this category as follows: if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate 
over $6 million in annual Gross Room Revenue, it must participate in our monthly full service 
“Intermediate Model,” and if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $10 million 
in annual Gross Room Revenue or is located in a dynamic market with a complex mix of business 
and a need for forecasting support, it must participate in our monthly full service “Premier Model.” 
RMCC programs and fees are subject to change. 
 
