 
 
20 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
room from a map of the Hotel and enable digital check-in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS. 
See Item 11 for details.  
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details.  
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000.  
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with 
the OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our 
required Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events system, or the costs of optional 
computer system components that we may recommend (including, for example, other business 
computer systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and 
payroll, point of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not 
include any delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed 
and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other 
benefits to support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All 
computer system costs are subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for 
a more detailed description of each of these required and recommended computer systems. 
4. 
Whether we require you to install a spa in your Hotel or we approve your request to install 
a spa in your Hotel, the spa must meet our specifications. We recommend that you install our 
eforea branded spa in your Hotel, but you do not have to use this concept. If you install our eforea 
spa concept in your Hotel, you will sign the Spa Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The fee is 
due when you sign the Spa Amendment and is nonrefundable.  We will provide you with eforea 
design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite, spa menus, and access to required training 
provided by suppliers. After your Hotel opens, you may either manage the spa yourself or retain 
the services of another spa management company approved by us.  If you install an alternate spa 
concept, you must enter into an agreement with a third-party spa management company we 
approve to provide consulting services to you in connection with the spa, including spa build-out 
and design, planning and concept development, business model creation, IT, construction and 
technical services, equipment selection and procurement, operational guidelines, menu 
development, and sales and marketing services.   
5. 
If you wish to utilize a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The initial fee is due when you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and is nonrefundable. We will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu 
templates, design and visual identity guides, supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar. After your Hotel opens, 
your restaurant or bar may be managed either by you or a third-party management company that 
we approve. Your restaurant or bar must meet our Standards and specifications at all times, 
including those under the Restaurant Brand Guidelines and those that apply to food and beverage 
operations generally under the Brand Standards. 
6. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for 
the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
