 
 
55 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening and is not 
refundable. 
Digital Key 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key. There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health club memberships (if 
applicable), you are able to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and 
software, subject to meeting our Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction 
would be where such hardware and software need to interface to OnQ. In those instances, your 
choice of supplier would be restricted to those that have a working interface to OnQ. The 
hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective 
vendors you choose. 
Training 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part 
of the certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and 
operational functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and 
operational functions must complete the required training to our satisfaction. If you hire 
replacement personnel for any of these roles or functions, the replacements must successfully 
complete the appropriate training programs. 
When we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and 
appropriate for the business and operational functions of the Hotel so that it may operate in 
accordance with our Standards. At all times under the Franchise Agreement you are an 
independent contractor and an independent employer, and we will not direct or supervise your 
personnel, or have, retain, reserve, or exercise any control over your (or your Management 
Company’s) personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner. 
The following table describes our training program as of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure 
Document. We may modify our training requirements over time. The subject matter, time required, 
locations, and costs are subject to change. In this table the term “virtual” means an internet-based 
class with a live instructor, and “online” means an internet-based class that does not have a live 
instructor. Both virtual and online training courses are considered equivalent to classroom 
training. These courses may be provided by us or our designated third-party vendors.   
We will provide you with our current Brand training requirements document upon request and/or 
you may access it through our intranet, The Lobby. 
 
