 
 
84 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreements 
Summary 
Procedure, by 1 or more arbitrators chosen in accordance 
with those rules. To the extent the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure do not govern certain procedures or 
requirements relating to the arbitration, the rules of the 
applicable arbitral body will apply. The proceedings will be 
conducted in English. As an alternative to arbitration, we 
may elect to initiate or maintain any action for temporary 
remedies, or injunctive or other equitable relief, in any 
court, governmental agency, or other authority with 
jurisdiction over the matter. Issues relating to the conduct 
of any arbitration proceeding, and the enforcement of any 
arbitration award, will be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act.   
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
v. Choice of forum 
FA §16.2.2, Puerto 
Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2. 
Court actions must be brought in the U.S. District Court for 
the Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia, or, if 
there is no subject matter jurisdiction in federal court, in a 
state court of competent jurisdiction in either Fairfax 
County, Virginia, or New York, New York, but we may 
elect to bring an action against you where the hotel is 
located. 
For Puerto Rico arbitration actions, the venue will be 
Fairfax County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will 
be New York, New York.  An arbitration award may be 
confirmed in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
w. Choice of law  
FA §16.2.1 
New York law applies, without recourse to New York 
choice of law on conflicts of law principles, except to the 
extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act, 15 USC § 1050) (subject to state law). 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses. 
 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.   
