 
 
41 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is 
available only from 1 source, and we may derive profit as a result of those purchases. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you must sell all the products we specify and perform the spa 
treatments we require. If you are opening a spa under a concept other than eforea, you must use 
an approved third-party management company. We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
manufacturers and suppliers in the form of administrative fees and rebates as described in this 
Item 8, and from any third party that we approve to provide products or services to your spa.  
If you utilize a Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant or bar at your Hotel, you must 
offer the types and quality of food and beverage menu items that we require. We may require that 
you offer specific menu items and use specific recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, or cooking 
methods. We may also disapprove any menu item that you propose if we determine that it is 
inconsistent with the Restaurant Brand identity, concept, or theme. We do not place any additional 
restrictions on your sources of supplies for the restaurants, other than those that apply to 
restaurants and food and beverage outlets under the Brand Standards generally (including any 
that may apply to room service, catering, and other services). We and our affiliates may derive 
revenue from suppliers as described in this Item 8. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.  
 In addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider. For the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $19,614,010 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues from sales of goods, services 
and/or supplies to franchisees of all of our brands of $8,763,692. In addition, HSM receives cash 
discounts for early payment on orders it places with manufacturers and suppliers to fill purchase 
orders placed with it by franchisees of all of our brands.  
HSM negotiates pricing and purchasing terms with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of 
our System. HSM may receive an administrative fee from manufacturers and suppliers that is 
between 0.5% and 7% of the purchases made by our franchisees (depending on the specific 
item). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $38,697,912 in 
administrative fees on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands. 
If you want to use a product, or a particular brand or model, that has not been specified as having 
met our standards, or if you want to purchase from an unapproved supplier an item that must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, then you can submit a written request for us to approve 
the product or supplier. We may require certain information or samples which you must provide 
at your expense. We will review all of the pertinent information. While we have no obligation to 
respond within a certain timeframe, our review typically takes 60 to 90 days to complete. We do 
not provide any material benefit (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) to a 
