 
 
39 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
21.  
The low estimate assumes you are not opening a spa. The high estimate includes the cost 
to build out and equip the spa to current spa standards, whether you are installing an eforea spa 
or another spa concept. Costs may be greater for a Conversion hotel or to convert space in an 
existing Tapestry hotel into an eforea spa or another branded spa that meets our specifications.  
22. 
This initial fee applies only if you choose to use a Restaurant Brand for the operation of a 
restaurant or bar at your Hotel. The Restaurant Brands are designed to fall within the cost 
estimates for developing and opening a standard prototype hotel with a restaurant or bar (as part 
of either a New Development or a Conversion) as outlined in this Item 7. If you choose a 
Restaurant Brand for your Hotel, we may offer additional optional services for additional costs.  
See Item 1 for details. 
23. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
24. 
In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in operating 
and franchising hotels. However, because it is a newer brand, we do not yet have actual initial 
investment information for a Tapestry hotel. With respect to an eforea spa, we relied on Hilton’s 
experience over the last 7 years in operating eforea spas in the US. We began offering the 
Restaurant Brands in 2024. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor 
before making any decision to purchase the franchise.  The expenses shown in these charts are 
estimated for New Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. In a 
Conversion, your costs will depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, 
physical structure and quality of furnishing. Because Tapestry is a newer brand and there are so 
many variables involving any particular existing hotel, we can give no average cost. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards are compiled in our standards 
manual ("Manual") and, if you construct an eforea spa, then also in the eforea spa Manual, and if 
you utilize a Restaurant Brand, then also in the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. We regularly review, 
modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may periodically modify and update 
Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in technology, improved methods of 
manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new products, improved prices and other 
factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form of updates to the Manual.  
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards. We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program 
that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any 
renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are 
responsible for the costs of complying with any such renovation schedule (including any FRCM 
renovation), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards.  
