 
 
43 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8.  
Hotel Identity and Positioning Consultant 
We may require you to use an independent third-party consultant (an “Identity Consultant”) that 
has been approved by us to consult with you on the Trade Name, visual identity, and strategic 
brand positioning of your Hotel and all related designs, concepts, themes, ethos, and elements.  In 
that event, you may not use an Identity Consultant that we have not approved.  The estimated 
cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. We may maintain a list of 
approved Identity Consultants that you can choose from, or you may propose an Identity 
Consultant for our approval.  We will consider approving any an Identity Consultant that you 
propose for your Hotel.    
Food and Beverage Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and 
Beverage Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage 
concepts. In that event, you may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have not 
approved. Your Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, 
name and logo, menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and 
equipment, linens, lighting coordination with an approved Lighting Consultant, sound system 
coordination with an approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other 
elements of the operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets. Your 
Food and Beverage Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage 
outlets are appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant 
Brand (described above) or to hire Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the 
StiR Creative Collective program (described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the 
applicable food and beverage outlets. The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above. 
 
