 
 
7 
2025 US TAPESTRY 
requirements in the future. Our Restaurant Brands are designed to provide a solution that you 
can use when your Hotel will have a restaurant or bar facility and the identity, concept and 
branding elements have not been established yet. Accordingly, our Restaurant Brands are 
intended to fall within the cost estimates for developing a new standard prototype hotel with a 
restaurant or bar facility as outlined in this Disclosure Document (as part of either a New 
Development or a Conversion), other than the fees shown in Items 5 and 6.  
If you elect to add Restaurant Brand to your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Restaurant Brand Amendment”) attached as Exhibit D-4. 
If you sign the Restaurant Brand Amendment, the System will include the Restaurant Brand and 
all of its elements and you must comply with the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. In that case, all 
references in this Disclosure Document to the Standards or the Manual will also include the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines.  If there is a conflict between the Manual and the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines, the Restaurant Brand Guidelines will control. If you are operating a restaurant or bar 
under a trademark other than a Restaurant Brand, the System will not include the Restaurant 
Brand, but you still must comply with the System and our requirements related to restaurants and 
other food and beverage outlets generally, as found in the Manual. The franchisee of the 
Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
The market for your services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation 
(that is, resort, conference center, hotel for frequent business travelers, etc.).  Franchisees seek 
customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from 
conventions and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level.  If you are operating an 
eforea spa or a Restaurant Brand, you will market your products and services to patrons of the 
hotel and the local community. 
In general, you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and 
independently operated local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food 
and beverage services to the same clientele.  Your convention and meeting facilities will also 
compete with national, international and independent hotels and convention centers and their 
restaurants in other regions.  If you are operating an eforea spa, you will compete with other spa 
concepts, wellness centers, and other parties offering the same or similar services.  This would 
include salons that offer many of the services your spa will offer and individuals and businesses 
that provide certain of the services you offer, such as massage therapists. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates.  Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System.  We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark 
“Tapestry”).  We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to 
guest lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any 
Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine.  We and/or any of our affiliates may 
be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has 
established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided that 
