 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-5 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision 
of this Act or any other law of this State is void.”   The Franchise Agreement is amended accordingly.   
 
 
Item 17.v, Choice of Forum, of the FDD is revised to include the following: “provided, however, 
that the foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted upon you by Section 4 of the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.” 
 
As referenced in Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, which provides that Illinois 
law will govern the Agreement, Item 17.w, Choice of Law, of the FDD is revised to include the 
following: “provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted 
upon you by Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act”. 
 
The termination and non-renewal provisions in the Franchise Agreement and the FDD may not be 
enforceable under Sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.  
 
Under Section 705/27 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, no action for liability under the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act can be maintained unless brought before the expiration of three (3) years 
after the act or transaction constituting the violation upon which it is based, the expiration of one (1) year 
after you become aware of facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that you may have a claim for 
relief in respect to conduct governed by the Act, or 90 days after delivery to you of a written notice 
disclosing the violation, whichever shall first expire.  To the extent that the Franchise Agreement is 
inconsistent with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, Illinois law will control and supersede any 
inconsistent provision(s). 
 
The Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire is amended to state:  No claim made in any Franchise 
Agreement is intended to disclaim the express representations made in this Franchise Disclosure 
Document.   
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
See the last page of this Exhibit G for your required signature. 
 
Fee Deferral 
 
 
Item 5 and Item 7 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and Section 6 of the Franchise 
Agreement are hereby amended to state that the Initial Franchise Fee will be deferred until the Franchisor 
completes all of its training and other initial obligations to Franchisee and the Franchisee is open for 
business. 
 
INDIANA 
 
Item 8 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), we will not accept any rebates from any person with 
whom you do business or associate in relation to transactions between you and the other person, 
