 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-39 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Oklahoma (without reference to its choice of law and conflict of law rules), except that the provisions of 
any Oklahoma law relating to the offer and sale of business opportunities or franchises or governing the 
relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not apply unless their jurisdictional requirements are 
met independently without reference to this Section.   
 
17.12 Venue and Consent to Jurisdiction.  All disputes and claims must be mediated, 
arbitrated and, if applicable, litigated in the principal city closest to our principal place of business within 
the United States (currently Bixby, Oklahoma); provided that we have the option to bring suit against you 
in any state or federal court within the jurisdiction where your Cookie Advantage Business is or was 
located or where any of your owners lives for those claims brought in accordance with Section 17.9(c).  
The parties consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over them by these courts, and to the propriety 
of venue in these courts for the purpose of this Franchise Agreement, and you waive any objection you 
may have to either the jurisdiction or venue of such court. 
 
17.13 Binding Effect.  This Franchise Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each 
copy so executed and delivered will be deemed an original. This Franchise Agreement is binding on and 
will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns and, subject to the Transfer provisions contained in 
this Franchise Agreement, will be binding on and inure to the benefit of your successors and assigns, and 
if you are an individual, on and to your heirs, executors, and administrators. 
 
17.14 No Liability to Others; No Other Beneficiaries.  We will not, because of this Franchise 
Agreement or by virtue of any approvals, advice, or services provided to you, be liable to any person or 
entity who is not a party to this Franchise Agreement, and no other party shall have any rights because of 
this Franchise Agreement. 
 
17.15 Construction.  All headings of the various Sections of this Franchise Agreement are for 
convenience only, and do not affect the meaning or construction of any provision.  All references in this 
Franchise Agreement to masculine, neuter, or singular usage will be construed to include the masculine, 
feminine, neuter, or plural, wherever applicable.  Except where this Franchise Agreement expressly 
obligates us to reasonably approve or not unreasonably withhold our approval of any of your actions or 
requests, we have the absolute right to refuse any request by you or to withhold our approval of any action 
or omission by you.  The term “affiliate” as used in this Franchise Agreement is applicable to any 
company directly or indirectly owned or controlled by you or your Principal Owners, or any company 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by us that sells products or otherwise transacts business with 
you. No provision herein expressly identifying any term or breach of this Franchise Agreement as 
material shall be construed to imply that any other term or breach which is not so identified is not 
material. 
 
17.16 Joint and Several Liability.  If two or more persons are the Franchisee under this 
Franchise Agreement, their obligation and liability to us shall be joint and several. 
 
17.17 Force Majeure.  No party shall be liable for any loss or damage that arises directly or 
indirectly through or as a result of any delay in the fulfillment of or failure to fulfill its obligations in 
whole or in part (other than the payment of money as may be owed by a party) under this Franchise 
Agreement where the delay or failure is due to “Force Majeure”.  In the event of Force Majeure, the 
parties shall be relieved of their respective obligations only to the extent the parties are respectively 
necessarily prevented or delayed in such performance during the period of such Force Majeure. As used 
in this Franchise Agreement, the term “Force Majeure” shall mean any act of God, strike, lock-out or 
other industrial  disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), riot, epidemic, fire or other catastrophe, act of 
any government and any other similar cause which is beyond the party’s control and cannot be overcome 
by use of normal commercial measures.  The party whose performance is affected by an event of Force 
