 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-10 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Franchise is less than five (5) years; and (ii) you are prohibited by the Franchise Agreement or other 
agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service 
mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the 
expiration of the Franchise or you do not receive at least six (6) months’ advance notice of our intent not 
to renew the Franchise. 
 
 
(e) 
A provision that permits us to refuse to renew a Franchise on terms generally available to 
other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not require a 
renewal provision. 
 
 
(f) 
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside the State of 
Michigan.  This shall not preclude you from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to 
conduct arbitration at a location outside this state. 
 
 
(g) 
A provision which permits us to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a Franchise, 
except for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent us from exercising a right of first refusal to 
purchase the Franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
 
 
(i) 
the failure of the proposed transferee to meet our then-current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of us or our subfranchisor. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with 
all lawful obligations. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
your or proposed transferee’s failure to pay any sums owing to us or to cure any 
default in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer. 
 
 
(h) 
A provision that requires you to resell to us items that are not uniquely identified with us. 
This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to us a right of first refusal to purchase the 
assets of a Franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to 
purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants us the right to acquire the 
assets of a Franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if you have breached the lawful 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement and have failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in 
subdivision (c). 
 
 
(i) 
A provision which permits us to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer our obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to you unless provision has been made for 
providing the required contractual services. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
 
