 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
28 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Internet, or mail order sales.  We reserve the right to restrict your provision of products and services to 
National Account locations under our policies. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision 
Section in  
Franchise Agreement 
Summary 
(a) Length of the Franchise 
term 
Section 2.1  
Five years. 
(b) Renewal or extension of 
the term 
Section 2.4  
If you are in good standing and you meet other 
requirements, you may enter into one additional 
successor term of five years. 
(c) Requirements for 
Franchisee to renew or 
extend 
Section 2.4  
Under the Franchise Agreement, give us timely written 
notice; be in compliance with the terms the Franchise  
Agreement at the time of renewal; sign the new franchise 
agreement, provisions of which may differ materially 
from those contained in the Franchise Agreement, a 
release (if law allows), and other documents we use to 
grant Franchises; update the appearance and Equipment 
to the standards then required of new franchisees; and pay 
the renewal fee.  A “renewal” of the Franchise 
Agreement means to enter into a successor franchise 
agreement and any ancillary documents for five years at 
the end of the Franchise Agreement’s five-year term.  
 
You may be asked to sign a contract with materially 
different terms and conditions than your initial contract.  
(d) Termination by 
Franchisee 
Section 15  
If you are in full compliance with the Franchise 
Agreement and we materially fail to comply with the 
Franchise Agreement and do not cure within 30 days after 
you deliver written notice of such material failure or 
provide reasonable evidence of our effort to correct the 
failure within a reasonable time, you may terminate the 
Franchise Agreement, effective an additional 30 days 
after you deliver written notice of termination, subject to 
applicable state law. 
(e) Termination by 
franchisor without cause 
Not applicable 
Not applicable. 
(f) Termination by 
franchisor with cause 
Section 15  
We can terminate upon certain violations of the Franchise 
Agreement by you. 
(g) “Cause” defined - 
curable defaults 
Section 15  
You have three days to cure health, safety, or sanitation 
law violations, or failure to operate safely.  You have ten 
days to cure monetary defaults.  You have 20 days to 
comply with standards, specifications, or operating 
procedures. 
