 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-19 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed 
pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented 
by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of 
limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury 
trial, may not be enforceable.  
 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or 
actual costs in effecting a transfer.  
 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking 
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for 
inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the 
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that 
conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring 
any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or 
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
The Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire in Exhibit D is revised to state: The Questionnaire does 
not waive any liability the franchisor may have under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules adopted thereunder. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
WISCONSIN 
 
 
The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Chapter 135 of the Wisconsin Statutes supersedes any 
provision of the Franchise Agreement if such provision is in conflict with that law. The Franchise 
Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements are amended 
accordingly. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
(Signatures on following page)
