 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
31 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Provision 
Section in  
Franchise Agreement 
Summary 
(r) Non-competition 
covenants after the 
Franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Section 16.5  
Owners may not have an interest in, own, manage, 
operate, finance, control or participate in any competitive 
business within (i) a 50-mile radius from Franchisee’s 
business; (ii) a 50-mile radius of Franchisee’s Territory; 
and (iii) a  50-mile radius from all other businesses that 
are operating or under construction for two year(s).  If 
you or your Responsible Owner engages in any activities 
prohibited by the Franchise Agreement during the 
restricted period, then the restricted period applicable to 
you or the non-compliant Responsible Owner shall be 
extended by the period of time during which you or the 
non-compliant 
Responsible 
Owner, 
as 
applicable, 
engaged in the prohibited activities. 
(s) Modification of the 
agreement 
Sections 5.3, 17.1 and 
21  
Under the Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to 
vary System Standards for any Franchise owner. 
(t) Integration/merger 
clause 
Section 21  
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and other 
related written agreements are binding (subject to state 
law).  Any representations or promises outside of this 
Franchise 
Disclosure 
Document 
and 
Franchise 
Agreement may not be enforceable. 
(u) Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation 
Section 17.9  
Under the Franchise Agreement, except for controversies, 
disputes, or claims related to improper use of Marks or 
Confidential Information, all controversies, disputes, or 
claims between us must be submitted first for mediation, 
and if mediation is unsuccessful, for binding arbitration 
on demand of either party.  The arbitration will be 
conducted in the city closest to our principal place of 
business (currently Bixby, Oklahoma), subject to 
applicable state law. 
(v) Choice of forum 
Section 17.11   
Litigation and arbitration must be in the city closest to 
our principal place of business (currently Bixby, 
Oklahoma), subject to applicable state law. 
(w) Choice of law 
Section 17.11  
Oklahoma law applies, subject to applicable state law. 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figure to promote our Franchise. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or 
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor 
provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor 
