 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-22 
[2025 FA v1F] 
designate, for testing.  We may charge you or the proposed supplier requesting the evaluation to 
reimburse us for the reasonable cost of the inspection to make the evaluation.  We reserve the right to 
periodically re-inspect the facilities and products of any approved supplier, and revoke our approval if the 
supplier does not continue to meet our criteria.   
 
You are required to purchase an initial inventory of product packaging from us or our affiliate and 
the Software from us or our affiliate.   We or our affiliates may be an approved supplier of certain other 
products or services to be purchased by you for use and/or sale by the Franchise.  We reserve the right to 
charge any licensed manufacturer engaged by us or our affiliates a royalty to manufacture products for us 
or our affiliates, or to receive commissions or rebates from vendors that supply products or services to 
you.  We may also derive income from our sale of products or services to you, and may sell these items at 
prices exceeding our or their costs to make a profit on the sale. 
 
10.4 
Standards, Specifications, and Procedures.  You agree to comply with all mandatory 
standards, specifications, and operating procedures relating to the appearance, function, cleanliness, 
sanitation, and operation of the Franchise as revised or amended from time to time.  Any mandatory 
standards, specifications, and operating procedures we prescribe in our most current version of the 
Confidential Operations Manual, or otherwise communicate to you in writing, will constitute provisions 
of this Franchise Agreement as if fully set forth in this Franchise Agreement.  All references to “this 
Franchise Agreement” include all such mandatory standards, specifications, and operating procedures. 
 
10.5 
Compliance with Laws and Good Business Practices.  You agree to secure and 
maintain in force in your name all required licenses, permits, and certificates relating to the operation of 
the Franchise.  You also agree to operate the Franchise and Cookie Advantage Business in full 
compliance with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, including, without limitation, all government 
regulations relating to worker’s compensation insurance, unemployment insurance, and withholding and 
payment of federal and state income taxes, social security taxes, and sales taxes. 
 
You must notify us in writing within five days of: (1) the commencement of any action, suit, or 
proceeding, and/or of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, agency, or 
other governmental unit, that may adversely affect your and/or the Franchise’s operation, financial 
condition, or reputation; and/or (2) your receipt or knowledge any notice of violation of any law, 
ordinance, or regulation relating to health or safety.  All of your employees and independent contractors 
must render prompt, efficient, and courteous service to all customers of the Franchise.   
 
10.6 
Management and Personnel of the Franchise.  Unless we approve your employment of 
a Designated Manager to operate the Franchise as provided in Section 4.1, you must actively participate 
in the actual, on-site, day-to-day operation of the Franchise, and devote as much of your time as is 
reasonably necessary for the efficient operation of the Franchise.  If you are other than an individual, then 
your Managing Owner must comply with this requirement.  If we agree you may employ a Designated 
Manager, then the Designated Manager must fulfill this requirement.  Any Managing Owner and 
Designated Manager shall obtain all licenses and certifications required by law before assuming his or her 
responsibilities at the Franchise. You will ensure your employees and independent contractors of the 
Franchise have any licenses as required by law, and hold any licenses, certifications, and/or degrees 
required by law or by us in the Confidential Operations Manual, as updated from time to time.  You alone 
are responsible for all employment decisions and functions of your Franchise, including, without 
limitation, those related to hiring, firing, training, establishing remuneration, compliance with wage and 
hour requirements, personnel policies, benefits, recordkeeping, supervision, work schedules, work 
conditions, assignment, and discipline of employees, regardless of whether you have received advice from 
us on these subjects or not.  We will have no liability for any action or settlement related to hiring, firing, 
training, establishing remuneration, compliance with wage and hour requirements, personnel policies, 
