 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-16 
[2025 FA v1F] 
we prescribe from time to time during the Term of the Franchise.  You understand and acknowledge our 
right to regulate the use of the Marks includes, without limitation, any use of the Marks in any form of 
electronic media, such as websites or web pages, or as a domain name or electronic media identifier.  If 
you make any unauthorized use of the Marks, it will constitute a breach of this Franchise Agreement and 
an infringement of our rights in the Marks.  You acknowledge and agree that all your usage of the Marks 
and any goodwill established by your use will inure exclusively to our benefit and the benefit of our 
affiliates, and this Franchise Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks on 
you (other than the right to operate the Franchise in compliance with this Franchise Agreement).  All 
provisions of this Franchise Agreement applicable to the Marks will apply to any additional trademarks, 
service marks, commercial symbols, designs, artwork, or logos we may authorize and/or license you to 
use during the term of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
7.2 
Limitations on Your Use of Marks.  You agree to use the Marks as the sole trade 
identification of the Franchise.  You must indicate to the public, in the form we prescribe, in any contract, 
advertisement, and with a conspicuous sign in your Bakery, that you are an independently owned and 
operated licensed franchisee of Cookie Advantage, Inc.  You agree not to use any Mark as part of any 
corporate or trade name or with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols 
(other than logos and additional trade and service marks licensed to you under this Franchise Agreement), 
or in any modified form.  You also shall not use any Mark or any commercial symbol similar to the 
Marks with the performance or sale of any unauthorized products or services, or in any other manner we 
have not expressly authorized in writing.  You agree to display the Marks in the manner we prescribe at 
the Bakery and for advertising and marketing materials, and to use, with the Marks, any notices of trade 
and service mark registrations we specify.  You further agree to obtain any fictitious or assumed name 
registrations if required under applicable law. 
 
7.3 
Notification of Infringements and Claims.  You agree to immediately notify us in 
writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any Mark, or claim by any person of 
any rights in any Mark or similar trade name, trademark, or service mark of which you become aware.  
You agree not to communicate with anyone except us and our counsel in connection with any such 
infringement, challenge, or claim.  We have the right to exclusively control any litigation or other 
proceeding arising out of any actual or alleged infringement, challenge, or claim relating to any Mark.  
You agree to sign any documents, render any assistance, and do any acts our attorneys say is necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation or proceeding related to the Marks, or to 
otherwise protect and maintain our interests in the Marks. 
 
7.4 
Discontinuance of Marks.  If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole judgment for 
the Franchise to modify or discontinue using any Mark, or use one or more additional or substitute trade 
or service marks, including the Marks used as the name of the Franchise, then you agree, at your sole 
expense, to comply with our directions to modify or otherwise discontinue using the Mark, or use one or 
more additional or substitute trade or service marks, within a reasonable time after our notice to you. 
 
7.5 
Indemnification of You.  We agree to indemnify you against, and reimburse you for, all 
damages for which you are held liable in any trademark infringement proceeding arising out of your use 
of any Mark pursuant to and in compliance with this Franchise Agreement, and for all costs you 
reasonably incur in the defense of any such claim in which you are named as a party, so long as you have 
timely notified us of the claim, and have otherwise complied with this Franchise Agreement. 
 
7.6 
Improvements.  Any improvements or additions to the System, system website, or any 
other documents or information pertaining to or relating to the System or the Cookie Advantage Business, 
or any new trade names, trade and service marks, logos, or commercial symbols related to the Cookie 
Advantage Business, or any advertising and promotional ideas or inventions related to the Cookie 
