 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-38 
[2025 FA v1F] 
proper in the circumstances, including, without limitation, money damages (with interest on 
unpaid amounts from date due), specific performance, injunctive relief, attorney fees, and costs.  
The award and decision of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on all parties to this 
agreement, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, and 
each such party waives any right to contest the validity or enforceability of such award.  The 
provisions of this Section are intended to benefit and limit third-party non-signatories, and will 
continue in full force and effect subsequent to, and notwithstanding expiration or termination of, 
this Franchise Agreement.  You and we agree that any such arbitration shall be conducted on an 
individual, not a class-wide basis, and shall not be consolidated with any other arbitration 
proceeding.  The parties acknowledge that nothing herein shall delay or otherwise limit our rights 
and remedies under Section 15 of this Franchise Agreement.  A notice or request for arbitration or 
mediation will not operate to stay, postpone, or rescind the effectiveness of any demand for 
performance or notice of termination under this Franchise Agreement.  Except as required by 
applicable law, including the required disclosure in our franchise disclosure document and by any 
court order or lawful subpoena, the entire arbitration proceedings and related documents are 
confidential.   
 
(c) 
Injunctive Relief.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not be required to 
first attempt to mediate or arbitrate a controversy, dispute or claim against you as set forth in this 
Section 17.9(c), if such controversy, dispute or claim concerns an allegation by us that you have 
violated (or threaten to violate, or pose an imminent risk of violating):  (a) any of our federally 
protected rights in the Marks, the System, copyrighted materials, or in any of our intellectual 
property; (b) any claims pertaining to the use or protection of our specialized training, trade 
secrets, or other Confidential Information; (c) any claims pertaining to or arising out of any 
warranty issued; (d) any of the restrictive covenants contained in this Franchise Agreement; (e) 
our right to indemnification; or (f) any of the post-termination obligations under this Franchise 
Agreement.  You acknowledge that breach of any of these restrictions and obligations would 
result in irreparable injury to us, and as the damages arising out of any such breach would be 
difficult to ascertain in addition to all other remedies provided by law or in equity, we shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief without the posting of bond (whether a restraining order, a 
preliminary injunction, or a permanent injunction) against any such breach, whether actual or 
contemplated.       
 
17.10 Limitations of Actions; Waiver of Punitive Damages; and Waiver of Jury Trial.  
Except with respect to your obligations to indemnify us, and claims that we may bring under Sections 7, 
9, 15, or 16 of this Franchise Agreement, and except for claims arising from your non-payment or 
underpayment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates: (1) any and all claims arising out of or related 
to this Franchise Agreement or the relationship between you and us shall be barred, by express agreement 
of the parties, unless an action or proceeding is commenced within one year from the date the cause of 
action accrues; and (2) you and we hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or 
claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other, and agree that, except to the extent 
provided to the contrary in this Franchise Agreement, in the event of a dispute between you and us, each 
party will be limited to the recovery of any actual damages sustained by it.  You and we irrevocably 
waive trial by jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim, whether at law or in equity, brought by 
either you or us.   
 
17.11 Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 et seq.), and except that all issues relating to arbitrability or the 
enforcement or interpretation of the agreement to arbitrate set forth in Section 17.9, which will be 
governed by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), and the federal common law relating 
to arbitration, this Franchise Agreement and the Franchise will be governed by the laws of the State of 
