 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
24 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Registered Mark 
Registration Date 
Registration 
Number 
Register 
 
 
 
July 25, 2000 
2,370,515 
Registered on the 
Principal Register 
 
 
 
December 1, 2015 
4,862,931 
Registered on the 
Principal Register 
 
All required affidavits and renewals have been filed for the registered Marks.  There are no 
effective adverse material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court, and no pending infringement, opposition, or 
cancellation proceedings or material litigation involving the Marks.  No agreement significantly limits our 
right to use or license the Marks in a manner material to your Franchise.  We do not know of any superior 
prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the Marks in any state. 
You must follow our rules when using the Marks.  You cannot use our name or Marks as part of a 
corporate name or with modifying words, designs, or symbols unless you receive our prior written 
consent.  You must indicate to the public in any contract, advertisement, and with a conspicuous sign on 
your Bakery that you are an independently owned and operated licensed franchisee of CAI.  You may not 
use the Marks in the sale of unauthorized products or services or in any manner we do not authorize.  You 
may not use the Marks in any advertising for the transfer, sale, or other disposition of the Cookie 
Advantage Business or any interest in the Franchise.  All rights and goodwill from the use of the Marks 
accrues to us.   
Your right to use the Marks is derived solely from your Franchise Agreement, and is limited to 
conducting business in compliance with the Franchise Agreement and all applicable standards, 
specifications, and operating procedures we prescribe.  Any unauthorized use of the Marks by you will 
constitute an infringement of our rights in the Marks.  Your use of the Marks and any goodwill 
established by them will be for our exclusive benefit, and your Franchise Agreement does not confer any 
goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon you.  All provisions of your Franchise Agreement 
applicable to the Marks will apply to any additional proprietary trade and service marks and commercial 
symbols authorized for use by, and licensed to you under, your Franchise Agreement.   
You must prominently display the Marks on or with Franchise posters and displays, service 
contracts, stationery, other forms we designate, and in the manner we prescribe; to give any notices of 
trade and service mark registrations and copyrights that we specify; and to obtain any fictitious or 
assumed name registrations that may be required under applicable law. 
If it becomes advisable at any time, in our sole discretion, for us and/or you to modify or 
discontinue using any Marks and/or use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or service marks, 
you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice.  We will not 
reimburse you for your direct expenses of changing signage, for any loss of revenue, or other indirect 
