 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
1 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this Franchise Disclosure Document, “CAI,” “we,” “us,” and “our” 
means Cookie Advantage, Inc., the franchisor.  “You” and “your” means the person who is buying the 
franchise.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, “you” includes 
your owners or members.  
The Franchisor, Predecessors, Parents and Affiliates  
CAI is an Oklahoma corporation formed on October 15, 2001.  We operate under our corporate 
name, Cookie Advantage, Inc., and the name “Cookie Advantage.”  We operate under no other name.  
Our principal business address is 7 North Armstrong, Bixby, Oklahoma 74008.  We began offering 
franchises for Cookie Advantage Businesses in January 2002.  We have not and do not operate any 
businesses like those described in this Franchise Disclosure Document, or in any other line of business.  
We do not conduct any other business other than franchising Cookie Advantage Businesses.  We have no 
predecessors or parent entities.    
We have one affiliate, KDKC, Inc. (“Affiliate”) that operates six businesses similar to the type 
being offered under this Franchise Disclosure Document: one in Alabama (since 2021), one in Florida 
(since 2021), one in Nevada (since 2023), two in Oklahoma (since 1998 and 2024) and one in Texas 
(since 2024).  Our Affiliate shares our principal business address.  Our Affiliate is currently the only 
approved supplier of packaging supplies, including shipping boxes, and custom software for franchisees 
and may provide additional products to franchisees in the future. Our Affiliate does not and has not 
offered franchises in this or any line of business.   
Our agent for service of process in Oklahoma is Duane Carns, 7 North Armstrong, Bixby, 
Oklahoma 74008.  Our agents for service of process for other states are disclosed in Exhibit A.   If a state 
is not listed, we have not appointed an agent for service of process in that state in connection with the 
requirements of franchise laws.  There may be states in addition to those listed above in which we have 
appointed an agent for service of process.  There may also be additional agents appointed in some of the 
states listed. 
The Franchise 
We offer franchises (“Cookie Advantage Franchise(s)” or “Franchise(s)”) for the use of our 
“COOKIE ADVANTAGE” trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos (“Marks”) for the 
operation of Cookie Advantage Businesses.  Cookie Advantage Businesses are operated under our 
proprietary Cookie Advantage system (“System”).  The System may be changed or modified by us 
throughout your ownership of the Franchise.  Cookie Advantage Businesses provide marketing solutions 
to businesses to implement a customer follow-up and appreciation program utilizing the delivery of 
cookies by mail as thank you gifts, corporate gifts, or incentives for return or new business.  Franchisees 
sell the Cookie Advantage program to business customers, then prepare, bake, and package the cookies 
for mailing and pickup by the U.S. Postal Service as specified by the business customer, utilizing their 
customized messages or logos.  You will operate your Cookie Advantage Business from an approved 
retail location that will meet approval of the local health department (the “Bakery”) in a specified 
geographic area.  You must sign our standard franchise agreement attached to this Franchise Disclosure 
Document as Exhibit C (“Franchise Agreement”).  You may operate one Cookie Advantage Business for 
each Franchise Agreement you sign.   
