 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
11 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
location, and your loss history.  Each policy must contain a waiver by you and your insurer of their 
subrogation rights against us and our affiliates, and each of our respective shareholders, directors, 
employees, and agents.  Each policy must also name us and our affiliates, and each of our respective 
shareholders, directors, employees, and agents as additional named insureds with primary non-
contributory coverage.   
You must obtain and maintain the following insurance:  (1) comprehensive public, participant 
legal liability, product, and motor vehicle liability insurance against claims for bodily and personal injury, 
death, and property damage caused by or in conjunction with the operation of the Franchise or otherwise 
with your conduct of the Cookie Advantage Business under your Franchise Agreement, under one or 
more policies of insurance containing minimum liability coverage amounts as set forth in the Confidential 
Operations Manual; (2) general casualty insurance at all risk to include theft, cash theft, crime, fire and 
extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mischief insurance for the replacement value of the 
Franchise and its contents, and any other assets of the Franchise; (3) worker’s compensation, 
unemployment and employer’s liability insurance as required by law, with limits equal to or over those 
required by statute; (4) business interruption insurance for a period adequate to re-establish normal 
business operations, but not less than six months; (5) insurance coverage for employment practices 
liability, data theft; and (6) any other insurance required by applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance, or 
licensing requirements will be sensitive to total liability limits.  For example, umbrella liability coverage 
with limits of not less than $1,000,000/$3,000,000 or such other amounts we may establish in the 
Confidential Operations Manual.   
 
Computer System 
Franchisees must use the computer programs and related materials developed for use in the 
operation of the Cookie Advantage Franchise.  You must use the computer hardware and software that we 
periodically designate to operate your Cookie Advantage Business, including our custom designed 
software.  Except for our custom designed software, we currently do not require, but reserve the right to 
require, you to obtain the computer hardware, software licenses, maintenance and support services, and 
other related services from the suppliers we specify (which may be limited to us and/or our affiliates).   
Item 11 of this Franchise Disclosure Document contains additional information regarding our computer 
requirements. 
Purchases from Approved Suppliers 
We have developed standards and specifications for the Equipment and materials used to perform 
services at your Cookie Advantage Business, and products authorized for sale at your Cookie Advantage 
Business.  We reserve the right to approve, and may continue to periodically approve, suppliers and 
distributors of the above items and products, which may include us or our affiliates, that meet our 
standards and requirements.   
We have approved, and will continue to periodically approve, specifications of the above items 
and products.  These specifications include standards and requirements concerning product quality, 
prices, consistency, reliability, financial capability, labor relations, and customer relations.  You must: 
(1) maintain the products in the quantities and condition we designate; (2) use those formats, formulae, 
and containers for products that we prescribe; and (3) only use the products and materials, and, upon our 
written consent, any comparable items related to establishing or operating your Cookie Advantage 
Business from our distributors and other suppliers, if we have approved distributors and other suppliers.  
Currently, the required Equipment may be purchased from the supplier of your choice provided that it 
meets our specifications. 
