 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-5 
[2025 FA v1F] 
except that no initial franchise fee will be due.  However, you must pay to us a successor fee of $2,900 
upon signing our then-current franchise agreement, which may contain materially different terms from 
those in this Franchise Agreement, including but not limited to higher fees, except that the initial 
franchise fee shall be waived.  You and your owners and your and their spouses must also execute general 
releases, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all known and unknown claims against us and our 
affiliates and our and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, and agents.  You will also be 
required to update the appearance of the Bakery, equipment, and other items as are then required in the 
Confidential Operations Manual (as defined in Section 5.1 below) for new franchisees.  
 
2.5 
Owners Agreement.  In exchange for our foregoing grant of a Franchise to you, each 
person holding an ownership interest in you (including both Principal Owners and minority owners, as 
defined herein) and his or her spouse must sign an owner’s agreement (“Owners Agreement”) in the form 
attached as Attachment 3 to this Franchise Agreement, and must deliver the signed Owners Agreement to 
us concurrently with your signing of this Franchise Agreement, or if the ownership interest is acquired 
after the Effective Date, within ten days after our approval the ownership interest change. 
 
2.6 
Relocation.  If the lease for the Bakery expires or is terminated without your fault, or if 
the site for the Bakery is destroyed, condemned, or otherwise rendered unusable, we will allow you to 
relocate the Bakery to a new site acceptable to us within the Territory.  Relocation for any other reason 
will be subject to our approval, which may be withheld in our sole discretion.  Any relocation will be 
subject to the site selection and lease provisions in this Franchise Agreement, and will be at your sole 
expense. You agree to fully de-identify the former Bakery in accordance with our requirements at your 
sole cost and expense. 
 
2.7 
National Accounts.   
(a) 
You acknowledge that we are not required to pursue a national account contract 
with any particular customer (“National Account Customer”) or on any particular terms.  We, in 
our sole discretion, shall determine the best method of pursuing, negotiating with, and servicing 
National Account Customers, and shall establish the terms of each account, based on the 
customers’ needs.  
 
(b) 
You understand and agree that you have no right to any National Account 
Customer or jobs, except as described in Section 2.3 above.  You shall automatically be 
disqualified from any National Account Customer work if any of the following occur: 
 
i. 
If a National Account Customer has notified us in writing that the 
customer does not want to deal with you for any reason; 
 
ii. 
If you are not qualified or certified by us to perform a particular type of 
work; 
 
iii. 
If we have notified you that you are in default or otherwise not in good 
standing under this Franchise Agreement; 
 
iv. 
If you do not meet minimum insurance requirements for a National 
Account contract; 
 
v. 
If we are unable to timely communicate with you about a customer work 
request despite making reasonable efforts to do so;  
 
