 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
18 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Advertising and Marketing 
We currently do not require you to participate in any advertising programs.  We are currently not 
required to, and do not, provide any advertising to you.  We have established a website for Cookie 
Advantage Businesses and a local page for each Cookie Advantage Business.  See System Website below 
in this Item.  We may use any media for disseminating advertisements, including direct mail, print ads, 
the Internet, radio, billboards, and television. You may develop your own advertising, at your own cost, 
provided you obtain our prior approval in writing, which approval may be granted or denied in our sole 
discretion.  We will review your request, and we will respond in writing within 15 days from the date we 
receive all requested information. Our failure to notify you in the specified time frame will be deemed a 
disapproval of your request.  Use of logos, Marks, and other name identification materials must follow our 
approved standards. You may not use our logos, Marks, and other name identification materials on items to 
be sold or services to be provided without our prior written approval.  If you use unauthorized advertising 
materials, you must pay us a fee of $500 per occurrence. 
 
We will not approve advertising that is false, inaccurate, or misleading, advertising that does not 
correctly use our Marks, or advertising that, in our sole discretion, contains offensive materials or 
disparages our name or good will (See Section 7.2 of the Franchise Agreement).  We do not require any 
contributions to a national marketing fund, nor do we require you to participate in a local or regional 
cooperative.  We do not have any local or regional advertising cooperatives or advertising councils. 
System Website   
We 
have 
established 
a 
System 
Website 
for 
Cookie 
Advantage 
Businesses 
at 
www.cookieadvantage.com.  We have also developed a local page on the System Website for each 
Cookie Advantage Business(“Local Page”).  Your Local Page will include information relating to your 
specific business location and select content that we provide from our System Website.  Your Local Page 
will also showcase Cookie Advantage products and services.  We reserve the right to change the 
requirements relating to your Local Page at any time.  Your monthly Technology Fee includes website 
maintenance fees to the supplier that provides website maintenance services.  All such information shall 
be subject to our approval prior to posting.   
We may update and modify the Local Page from time to time.  You must promptly notify us 
whenever any information on your listing changes or is not accurate.  We have final approval rights of all 
information on the Local Page.  We may implement and periodically modify System Standards relating to 
the Local Page. 
We are only required to reference your Cookie Advantage Business on the System Website 
(including the Local Page) while you are in full compliance with your Franchise Agreement and all 
System Standards.  If you are in default of any obligation under the Franchise Agreement or System 
Standards, we may temporarily remove references to your Cookie Advantage Business from the System 
Website until you fully cure the subject default(s).   
Other than your Local Page, as described above, we retain the sole right to market on the Internet, 
including all use of websites, domain names, URL’s, linking, advertising, and co-branding arrangements.  
You may not, without our prior written approval, which may be withheld in our sole discretion, develop, 
maintain, or authorize any website that mentions or describes you, your Cookie Advantage Business, 
displays any of the Marks, or uses any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag, or search technique 
with words or symbols similar to the Marks.  We intend any franchisee website be accessed only through 
