 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-14 
[2025 FA v1F] 
third-party sellers of such gift certificates or coupons are not excluded from this calculation), and all 
income and consideration of every other kind and nature related to the Bakery operation, whether for 
cash or credit, and regardless of collection.  Gross Revenues do not include:  
 
(i) 
any tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority 
directly on sales and collected from customers, provided the amount of any such tax is shown 
separately and paid by Franchisee to the appropriate governmental authority; and 
 
(ii) 
all customer refunds, valid discounts and coupons, and credits made by the 
Bakery (exclusions will not include any reductions for credit card user fees, returned checks, or 
reserves for bad credit or doubtful accounts). 
 
Gross Revenues shall be deemed received by you when the products or services from which they 
were derived are delivered or rendered, or when the relevant sale takes place, whichever occurs first, 
regardless of whether final payment (e.g., collection on a customer’s personal check) has been received 
by you.  Gross Revenues for the barter of any products or services shall be valued at the retail prices 
applicable and in effect when they are received.  You and we acknowledge and agree that the Royalty 
represents compensation paid by you to us for the guidance and assistance we may provide and for our 
Marks, Confidential Information (as defined in Section 9.1), know-how, and other intellectual property 
we allow you to use under this Franchise Agreement.  The Royalty does not represent payment for the 
referral of customers to you, and you acknowledge and agree that the services we offer to you and our 
other Cookie Advantage franchisees do not include the referral of customers. 
 
6.3 
Technology Fee.  You must pay us a monthly technology fee (“Technology Fee”) at our 
then-current rate (currently $100 per month).  You will pay this in the same manner as you pay your 
Royalty, and at the time specified by us.  We reserve the right to increase or decrease this fee upon 30 
days’ written notice to you in the event we offer updated or additional software or technology for use in 
the Cookie Advantage Business.  You must use all software required by us including our proprietary 
software.  We also reserve the right to create additional proprietary software or technology that must be 
used by Cookie Advantage franchisees.  We may require that you enter into a license agreement with us 
and pay us reasonable initial and ongoing licensing, support and maintenance fees for any such software.  
We also reserve the right to enter into a master license agreement with any software or technology 
supplier and sublicense the software or technology to you, in which case we may charge you for all 
amounts that we must pay to the licensor based on your use of the software or technology.  You will be 
responsible for any increase in fees that result from any upgrades, modifications or additional software or 
from increases from third-party vendors. 
 
6.4 
Interest on Late Payments.  All Royalties and amounts due from you for any purchases 
from us or our affiliates, and other amounts which you owe us or our affiliates (unless otherwise provided 
for in a separate agreement between us or our affiliates) will accrue interest after their respective due 
dates at the lesser of: (i) the highest commercial contract interest rate permitted by state law, or (ii) the 
rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, which interest shall continue to accrue until the 
overdue amount and interest are both paid.  You acknowledge that including this Section in this Franchise 
Agreement does not mean we agree to accept or condone late payments, nor does it indicate we have any 
intention to extend credit to, or otherwise finance your operation of the Franchise.  We have the right to 
require that any payments due us or any affiliate be made by certified or cashier’s check if any payment is 
not honored by the bank upon which the check is drawn.  We also receive the right to charge you a fee of 
$100 for any payment not honored by the bank upon which it is drawn.  Payments due us or our affiliates 
will not be deemed received until funds from the deposit of any amount, whether check or automatic 
debit, by us or our affiliates, is collected from your account.  The imposition of interest under this Section 
