 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-27 
[2025 FA v1F] 
14. 
TRANSFER REQUIREMENTS 
 
14.1 
Organization.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other 
entity (or if this Franchise Agreement is assigned to a corporation, partnership, or limited liability 
company or other entity with our approval), you represent and warrant to us you are and will continue to 
be throughout the Term of this Franchise Agreement, duly organized and validly existing in good 
standing under the laws of the state of your incorporation, registration, or organization, that you are 
qualified to do business and will continue to be qualified to do business throughout the Term of this 
Franchise Agreement in all states in which you must qualify, that you have the authority to execute, 
deliver, and carry out all of the terms of this Franchise Agreement, and that during the Term of this 
Franchise Agreement, the only business you (i.e., the corporate, partnership, limited liability, or other 
entity) will conduct will be the development, ownership, and operation of the Franchise. 
 
14.2 
Interests in Franchisee; Reference to Attachment 2.  You and each Principal Owner 
represent, warrant, and agree that all “Interests” in Franchisee are owned in the amount and manner 
described in Attachment 2.  No Interests in Franchisee will, during the term of this Franchise Agreement, 
be “public” securities (i.e., securities that require, for their issuance, registration with any state or federal 
authority).  (An “Interest” is defined to mean any shares, membership interests, or partnership interests of 
Franchisee, and any other equitable or legal right in any of Franchisee’s stock, revenue, profits, rights, or 
assets.  When referring to Franchisee’s rights or assets, an “Interest” means this Franchise Agreement, 
Franchisee’s rights under and interest in this Franchise Agreement, any Franchise, or the revenue, profits, 
or assets of any Franchise).  You and each Principal Owner also represent, warrant, and agree that no 
owner’s Interest has been given as security for any obligation (i.e., no one has a lien on or security interest 
in an owner’s Interest), and that no change will be made in the ownership of an Interest other than as 
expressly permitted by this Franchise Agreement, or as we may otherwise approve in writing.  You and 
each Principal Owner agree to furnish us with such evidence as we may request from time to time to 
assure us that the Interests of Franchisee and each of your owners remain as permitted by this Franchise 
Agreement, including a list of all persons or entities owning any Interest, as defined above. 
 
14.3 
Transfer by Company.  This Franchise Agreement is fully transferable by us, and will 
inure to the benefit of any person or entity to which it is transferred, or to any other legal successor to our 
interests in this Franchise Agreement.  You acknowledge that we maintain a staff to manage and operate 
the Franchise, and that staff members can change as employees come and go.  You acknowledge that you 
did not sign this Franchise Agreement in reliance on the continued participation by or employment of any 
of our shareholders, directors, officers, or employees.  We may change our ownership or form and/or 
assign this Franchise Agreement and any other agreement to a third party without restriction.  After our 
assignment of this Franchise Agreement to a third party who expressly assumes the obligations under this 
Franchise Agreement, we no longer will have any performance or other obligations under this Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
14.4 
No Transfer without Approval.  You understand and acknowledge that the rights and 
duties created by this Franchise Agreement are personal to you and that we have entered into this 
Franchise Agreement in reliance on the individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business 
ability, and financial capacity of you and your owners.  Neither this Franchise Agreement nor any part of 
your interest in it, nor any Interest (as defined in Section 14.2) of Franchisee or a Principal Owner, may 
be Transferred (see definition below) without our advance written approval.  Any Transfer made without 
our approval will constitute a breach of this Franchise Agreement and convey no rights to or interests in 
this Franchise Agreement, you, the Franchise, or any other Cookie Advantage franchise. 
 
As used in this Franchise Agreement the term “Transfer” means any voluntary, involuntary, 
direct, or indirect assignment, sale, gift, exchange, grant of a security interest, or occurrence of any other 
