 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
H-11 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
3. 
Know-How and Intellectual Property:  Nondisclosure and Ownership.  You agree:  
(i) you will not use the Intellectual Property in any business or capacity other than for the benefit of the 
Cookie Advantage Business operated by Franchisee or in any way detrimental to us or to the Franchisee; 
(ii) you will maintain the confidentiality of the Intellectual Property at all times; (iii) you will not make 
unauthorized copies of documents containing any Intellectual Property; (iv) you will take such reasonable 
steps as we may ask of you from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Intellectual 
Property; and (v) you will stop using the Intellectual Property immediately if you are no longer an 
employee, independent contractor, agent, representative, or supplier of Franchisee.  You further agree that 
you will not use the Intellectual Property for any purpose other than the performing your duties for 
Franchisee and within the scope of your employment or other engagement with Franchisee.  
The Intellectual Property is and shall continue to be the sole property of Cookie Advantage, Inc.  
You hereby assign and agree to assign to us any rights you may have or may acquire in such Intellectual 
Property.  Upon the termination of your employment or engagement with Franchisee, or at any time upon our 
or Franchisee’s request, you will deliver to us or to Franchisee all documents and data of any nature 
pertaining to the Intellectual Property, and you will not take with you any documents or data or copies 
containing or pertaining to any Intellectual Property. 
4. 
Immediate Family Members.  You acknowledge you could circumvent the purpose of 
this Agreement by disclosing Intellectual Property to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, parent, 
sibling, child, or grandchild). You also acknowledge that it would be difficult for us to prove whether you 
disclosed the Intellectual Property to family members.  Therefore, you agree you will be presumed to 
have violated the terms of this Agreement if any member of your immediate family uses or discloses the 
Intellectual Property.  However, you may rebut this presumption by furnishing evidence conclusively 
showing you did not disclose the Intellectual Property to the family member. 
5. 
Covenants Reasonable.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this 
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient 
resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the 
terms of this Agreement.  YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT AS BEING OVERLY BROAD, UNREASONABLE, OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE.  
6. 
Breach.  You agree that failure to comply with this Agreement will cause substantial and 
irreparable damage to us and/or other Cookie Advantage franchisees for which there is no adequate 
remedy at law.  Therefore, you agree that any violation of this Agreement will entitle us to injunctive 
relief.  You agree that we may apply for such injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in 
addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of 
yours, in the event of the entry of such injunction, will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, 
upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction 
being expressly waived hereby).  If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000.  None of the remedies 
available to us under this Agreement are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under 
this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance, and recovery of 
monetary damages.  Any claim, defense, or cause of action you may have against us or against 
Franchisee, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our enforcement of this 
Agreement.  
7. 
Miscellaneous. 
a. 
Although this Agreement is entered into in favor of Cookie Advantage, Inc., you 
understand and acknowledge that your employer/employee, independent contractor, agent, representative, 
