 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-30 
[2025 FA v1F] 
(m) 
Upon receiving our consent for the Transfer or sale of the Franchise, the 
Proposed New Owner shall assume all of your obligations under this Franchise Agreement in a 
form acceptable to us, or, at our option, shall execute a new Franchise Agreement in the form 
then being used by us, including but not limited to our then-current form of the Owners 
Agreement or other guaranty, which may contain materially different terms from those in this 
Franchise Agreement, except that the Initial Franchise Fee shall be waived.  We may, at our 
option, require you to guarantee the performance and obligations of the Proposed New Owner; 
 
(n) 
You must have properly offered us the opportunity to exercise our right of first 
refusal as described below, and we must have then declined to exercise it; and 
 
(o) 
You must reimburse us upon receipt of our invoice for any broker or other 
placement fees we incur as a result of the Transfer. 
 
14.6 
Right of First Refusal.  If you or any of your Principal Owners wishes to Transfer any 
Interest or an owner wishes to make a Specified Minority Transfer, we will have a right of first refusal to 
purchase that Interest as set forth in this Section.  We will not, however, exercise a right of first refusal 
regarding a proposed Transfer of less than a controlling interest to a member of a Principal Owner’s 
immediate family or to your key employees.  The party proposing the Transfer (“Transferor”) must obtain 
a bona fide, executed written offer (accompanied by a “good faith” earnest money deposit of at least five 
percent (5%) of the proposed purchase price) from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser, and must 
submit an exact copy of the offer to us.  You also agree to provide us with any other information we need 
to evaluate the offer, if we request it within 15 days of receipt of the offer.  We have the right, exercisable 
by delivering written notice to the Transferor within 30 days from the date of last delivery to us of the 
offer and any other documents we have requested, to purchase the Interest for the price and on the terms 
and conditions contained in the offer, except that we may substitute cash for any form of payment or 
consideration proposed in the offer, and will not be obligated to pay any “finder’s” or broker’s fees that 
are a part of the proposed Transfer.  We also will not be required to pay any amount for any claimed value 
of intangible benefits, for example, possible tax benefits that may result by structuring and/or closing the 
proposed Transfer in a particular manner or for any consideration payable other than the bona fide 
purchase price for the Interest proposed to be transferred.  (We may, in our sole and absolute discretion, 
withhold consent to any proposed Transfer if the offer directly or indirectly requires payment of any 
consideration other than the bona fide purchase price for the Interest proposed to be transferred.)  Our 
credit will be deemed equal to the credit of any other proposed purchaser, and we will have at least 60 
days to prepare for closing.  We will be entitled to all customary representations and warranties given 
purchasers for such sales.  If the proposed Transfer includes assets not related to the operation of the 
Franchise, we may purchase only the assets related to the operation of the Franchise, or may also 
purchase the other assets.  (An equitable purchase price will be allocated to each asset in the Transfer.) 
 
If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, the Transferor may complete the sale to the 
Proposed New Owner under and on the terms of the offer, as long as we have approved the Transfer as 
provided in this Section 14.  You must immediately notify us of any changes in the terms of an offer.  
Any material change of an offer before closing will make it a new offer, revoking any previous approval 
or previously made election to purchase, and giving us a new right of first refusal effective as of the day 
we receive formal notice of a material change.  If the sale to the Proposed New Owner is not completed 
within 120 days after we have approved the Transfer, our approval of the proposed Transfer will expire.  
Any later proposal to complete that proposed Transfer will be deemed a new offer, giving us a new right 
of approval and right of first refusal effective as of the day we receive formal notice of the new (or 
continuing) proposal.  We have the right to assign this right of refusal to a third person, upon written 
notice to you. 
 
