 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
9 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
All expenditures paid to us are uniform and non-refundable under any circumstances once paid.  All 
expenses payable to third parties may be refundable, depending on their policies or your arrangements 
with them. 
 
1. 
Equipment.  This estimate includes equipment that you will need for the operation of your Cookie 
Advantage Business as follows: an oven, unifiller depositer, KooK E King depositor, commercial 
refrigerator, sink, tables, shelves, cookie racks, a mixer, flour tubs, cookie depositor, cookie 
sheets, miscellaneous kitchen utensils, and a batter dispenser (“Equipment”).  Your costs for the 
recommended Equipment depend upon the following:  whether you purchase or lease the 
Equipment; whether you get new or used Equipment; the terms and conditions upon which you 
arrange financing; your location; and other factors.  You are not required to buy any Equipment 
from us.  We reserve the right to revoke any Equipment should it not meet minimum standards, as 
solely determined by us.  The lower cost assumes you are purchasing used Equipment, and the 
higher cost assumes you are purchasing new Equipment.  
 
2. 
Three Months’ Lease Payments.  These estimates are based on the Tulsa, Oklahoma real estate 
market and may be higher in other areas of the country.  A Bakery will typically be 1,000 to 
1,200 square feet in size, and is typically located in retail strip malls.  If you purchase instead of 
leasing the premises for your Bakery, then the purchase price, down payment, interest rate, and 
other financing terms will determine your monthly mortgage payments. 
 
3. 
Utility and Security Deposits.  This estimate includes security deposits required by the landlord. 
4. 
Business Licenses and Permits.  You are solely responsible for obtaining the licenses and permits 
required by your city, county, and state to operate your Cookie Advantage Business.  This 
estimate will vary by location. 
 
5. 
Computer Hardware and Software.  This estimate is the cost of obtaining the required computer 
hardware meeting our minimum specifications that you purchase from suppliers selected by you.  
The standards and specifications we are currently utilizing are set forth in the confidential 
operations manual.   
 
6. 
Initial Inventory.  We will supply you with a list of any approved suppliers. The initial inventory 
cost will vary depending on the volume you decide to purchase, current market prices, from 
whom you purchase the items, where your territory is located, and other factors. 
 
7. 
Packaging.  The Packaging includes various sized boxes and includes shipping costs.   
 
8. 
Advertising. You are not required to engage in any advertising campaign.  The sites we 
recommend for the location of the business typically include identifying signage in the lease.  
This estimate is for business cards, flyers or other printed materials, SEO campaigns, or direct 
mail campaigns that you may utilize to supplement sales calls. 
9. 
Insurance.  You must obtain and maintain certain types and amounts of insurance, including 
business insurance.  If you have had prior issues or claims from previous operations unrelated to 
the operation of a Cookie Advantage Business, your rates may be significantly higher than those 
estimated above.  
10. 
Travel and Initial Training Expenses. We provide training at our training center in Bixby, 
Oklahoma or at another location designated by us.  You must pay for airfare, transportation costs, 
