 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-4 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Customers to provide services wherever such businesses are located, including within your Territory.  
When a National Account customer requests services in your Territory, the following will happen: (a) if 
the National Account customer requests that we or another franchisee provide services to the National 
Account within your Territory, then we or such franchisee will be given the work, and we or such 
franchisee will be providing services within your Territory, and (b) otherwise, we will give you a first 
right of refusal to a National Account customer within your Territory, and you will have five business 
days to exercise such right of first refusal.  You won’t provide services to any National Accounts without 
prior written consent, which may be granted in our sole discretion.  If you do accept business for National 
Accounts, the obligations under Section 2.7 below will apply.  
 
If we receive any orders through any alternative distribution channels for delivery within your 
Territory, we will offer that order to you.  If you decline or are unable to fill the order, we reserve the 
right to fulfill it, directly or indirectly, without compensation to you.  
 
You are prohibited from directly or indirectly soliciting sales or accepting orders from customers 
who are located outside of your Territory provided, however, if such sales/orders are for a National 
Account, you must comply with our National Account rules and regulations.  You may not use other 
channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing forms 
to make sales outside your Territory.  Neither we nor any franchisee is required to pay any compensation 
to any other franchisee for such sales or orders.  We do not pay you for soliciting or accepting orders 
within your Territory. You will be permitted to engage in direct advertising and solicitation of clients only 
within the boundaries of your Territory, unless we approve otherwise.   
 
2.4 
Successor Franchises. 
 
(a) 
Your Right to Create a Successor Franchise.  Subject to this subparagraph and 
subparagraph(s) (b) and (c) below, and if you have substantially complied with all provisions of this 
current Franchise Agreement and all other agreements between us, on expiration of the initial Term, you 
shall have the option, at our sole and absolute discretion, to extend your rights to operate the Cookie 
Advantage Business for one additional term (“Successor Term”) of five years.  If you are signing this 
franchise agreement as a Successor Franchise Agreement, the reference to “Term” shall mean the 
applicable renewal term of the Successor Franchise Agreement.  You must have substantially complied 
with all provisions of this current Franchise Agreement and all other agreements between us, on 
expiration of the initial Term.  You must also modify the Franchise in compliance with specifications and 
standards then-applicable under new or renewal Franchises.  
 
(b) 
Notice of Deficiencies and Other Requirements.  You must notify us of your intent to sign 
a Successor Franchise Agreement at least nine months before the expiration of the Franchise.  At least six 
months before the expiration of the Franchise, we agree to give you written notice of any deficiencies in 
your operation or in the historical performance of the Franchise that could cause us not to renew the 
Franchise.  Our notice will state what actions you must take to correct any deficiencies in your operation 
of the Franchise or of the Bakery, and will specify the time in which those deficiencies must be corrected 
or other requirements satisfied.  Your ability to sign a “Successor Franchise Agreement” will be 
conditioned on your continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this current Franchise 
Agreement up to expiration.  If we send a notice of non-renewal, it will state the reasons for our refusal to 
renew. 
 
(c) 
Successor Franchise; Releases.  The Company, you, and your owners must execute the 
form of Franchise Agreement (Successor Franchise Agreement) and any ancillary agreements we are then 
customarily using in the grant or renewal of Franchises for the operation of Cookie Advantage Businesses 
(with appropriate modifications to reflect that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal Franchise), 
