 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
21 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Notes: 
1. 
The Initial Training Program will be conducted in segments.  We will use the Confidential 
Operations Manual as the primary instruction materials during the Initial Training Program. 
2. 
Kim Carns, Duane Carns, Kevin Carns, and Pixie Greenhaw currently oversee our training 
program.  Kim Carns has been our Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer since our inception in 
2001.  Ms. Carns has over 20 years of experience in outside sales, and more than ten years of 
experience with software.  Duane Carns has been our President since our inception in 2001.  Mr.  
Carns has over 30 years of sales experience and experience in the daily operations of the Cookie 
Advantage Business since 2001.  Kevin Carns has been working in the Cookie Advantage system 
for over ten years and is proficient in bakery training and product shipping.  Pixie Greenhaw has 
over 15 years of experience in custom printing, more than ten years of which are with the Cookie 
Advantage Franchise System.   
3. 
Other instructors will have at least one year of relevant work experience in their designated 
subject area.   
 
Ongoing Training 
You, your owners, and any managers, independent contractors, and employees that we designate 
must attend and satisfactorily complete various training courses that we periodically require at your cost 
and at the times and locations we designate.  In addition to participating in ongoing training, you will be 
required to attend any annual meeting or conference of franchisees, if we hold an annual meeting, at a 
location we designate.  We estimate that this training will be no longer than five days per year.  You are 
responsible for the conference fee (if any), and all travel and expenses for your attendees (See Section 4.2 
of the Franchise Agreement).  
 
We periodically may provide and require that you, your managing owner, and/or your designated 
manager attend seminars or refresher training programs.  Attendance at these refresher training programs 
will be at your sole expense; however, we do not anticipate attendance will be required more than once 
per calendar year.  
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
The Franchise Agreement for your Cookie Advantage Business grants you a protected territory 
(“Territory”) based on the geographic area and populations properties within that area and other relevant 
demographic characteristics.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to grant only one franchise to a 
Cookie Advantage Business for any area with a population of up to 1.5 million people.  The population 
statistics used in determining your Territory will be based on numbers derived from the current U.S. 
Census report and supplemented with other information available and other population statistical sources 
of our choosing to determine populations.  In certain densely populated metropolitan areas, the size of the 
territory may be small if it has a high population density, while franchisees operating in less densely 
populated urban areas may have significantly larger areas.  You will operate your Cookie Advantage 
Business from your Bakery.  You may not relocate the Cookie Advantage Business without our approval, 
which will be based on the following: where your new Bakery will be located; whether or not such 
relocation will infringe upon the rights of other Cookie Advantage Businesses; and the time it will take to 
relocate your Cookie Advantage Business. 
