 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
H-8 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
violated the terms of this Agreement if any member of your immediate family: (i) engages in any 
Prohibited Activities during any period of time during which you are prohibited from engaging in the 
Prohibited Activities; or (ii) uses or discloses the Know-how.  However, you may rebut this presumption 
by furnishing evidence conclusively showing that you did not disclose the Know-how to the family 
member. 
7. 
Covenants Reasonable.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this 
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient 
resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the 
terms of this Agreement.  YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT AS BEING OVERLY BROAD, UNREASONABLE, OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE.  
8. 
Breach.  You agree that failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement will cause 
substantial and irreparable damage to us and/or other Cookie Advantage franchisees for which there is no 
adequate remedy at law.  Therefore, you agree that any violation of the terms of this Agreement will 
entitle us to injunctive relief.  You agree that we may apply for such injunctive relief without bond, but 
upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the 
sole remedy of yours in the event of the entry of such injunction will be the dissolution of such injunction, 
if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any 
such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000.  None of 
the remedies available to us under this Agreement are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with 
others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance, and 
recovery of monetary damages.  Any claim, defense, or cause of action that you may have against us, our 
owners or our affiliates, or against Franchisee, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense 
against our enforcement of this Agreement.  
9. 
Miscellaneous. 
a. 
If we pursue legal remedies against you because you have breached this 
Agreement and prevail against you, you agree to pay our reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs in doing so. 
b. 
This Agreement will be governed by, construed, and enforced under the laws of 
Oklahoma, and the courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this 
Agreement.  
c. 
Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is 
severable.  If any section, subsection, or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect the 
enforceability of any other section, subsection, or portion; and each party to this Agreement agrees that 
the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it deems in its discretion 
necessary to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration, and geographic area.  
d. 
You and we both believe that the covenants in this Agreement are reasonable in 
terms of scope, duration, and geographic area.  However, we may at any time unilaterally modify the 
terms of this Agreement upon written notice to you by limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities, 
narrowing the definition of a Competitive Business, shortening the duration of the Restricted Period, 
reducing the geographic scope of the Restricted Territory, and/or reducing the scope of any other 
covenant imposed upon you under this Agreement to ensure that the terms and covenants in this 
Agreement are enforceable under applicable law.  
(Signatures on following page) 
 
