 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-13 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
5.2 
Confidential Operations Manual. The Confidential Operations Manual will contain 
mandatory and suggested standards, specifications, and operating procedures we prescribe from time to 
time for your Franchise, and information relative to other obligations in the operation of the Franchise.  
The Confidential Operations Manual may be composed of or include audiotapes, videotapes, computer 
disks, compact disks, and/or other written or intangible materials.  We may make all or part of the 
Confidential Operations Manual available to you through various means, including the Internet.  A 
previously delivered Confidential Operations Manual may be superseded from time to time with 
replacement materials to reflect changes in the standards, specifications, operating procedures, and other 
obligations in operating the Franchise.  You must keep your copy of the Confidential Operations Manual 
current, and if you and we have a dispute over the contents of the Confidential Operations Manual, then 
our master copy of the Confidential Operations Manual will control.  You agree you will not copy any 
part of the Confidential Operations Manual, permit it to be copied, disclose it to anyone not needing to 
know its contents to operate your Franchise, or remove it from the Cookie Advantage Business or Bakery 
location without our permission.  If your copy of the Confidential Operations Manual is lost, destroyed, or 
significantly damaged, then you must obtain a replacement copy from us at our then-current charge.  You 
acknowledge that your compliance with the Confidential Operations Manual is vitally important to us and 
other franchisees and is necessary to protect our reputation and the goodwill of the Marks and to maintain 
the uniform quality of operation through the System.  However, while the Confidential Operations 
Manual is designed to protect our reputation and the goodwill of the Marks, it is not designed to control 
the day-to-day operation of the Franchise. 
 
5.3 
Modifications to System.  We will continually be reviewing and analyzing 
developments to the System, and based upon evaluating this information, may change the System, 
including, but not limited to, adding new components to services offered and equipment used by 
Franchises.  Changes in laws regulating the services offered by Franchises may: (a) require us to 
restructure our Franchise program, (b) require your Designated Manager (if any) and employees to obtain 
additional licenses or certifications, and/or (c) require you to retain or establish relationships with 
additional professionals and specialists in the industry.  You agree, at our request, to modify the operation 
of the Franchise to comply with all such changes, and to be solely responsible for all related costs. 
 
6. 
FEES 
 
6.1 
Initial Franchise Fee.  You agree to pay us the initial franchise fee (“Initial Franchise 
Fee”) of $34,900 when you sign this Franchise Agreement.  In recognition of the expenses we incur in 
furnishing assistance and services to you, our expenses for franchisee recruitment, and the lost or deferred 
opportunity to enter into this Franchise Agreement with others, you agree we will have fully earned the 
Initial Franchise Fee, and that it is due and nonrefundable when you sign this Franchise Agreement.   
 
6.2 
Royalty.  You agree to pay us a royalty fee (“Royalty”) as follows:  (1) for the first 12 
months of operation, six percent (6%) of the Gross Revenues (as defined below) of the Cookie Advantage 
Business; and (2) beginning on the 13th month of operation and continuing through the remainder of the 
Term and any Successor Term, the greater of (i) $800 per month (“Minimum Royalty”), or (ii) six percent 
(6%) of the Gross Revenues of the Cookie Advantage Business.  The Royalty will be payable monthly on 
the 15th day of the month (or such other date as we designate in the Confidential Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing), and will be based on the Franchise’s Gross Revenues for the preceding month.   
 
The term “Gross Revenues” means the total selling price of all products and/or services of every 
kind or nature sold from, at, or in connection with the operation of  your Cookie Advantage Business 
(including all proceeds from any business interruption insurance), including the full redemption value of 
any gift certificate or coupon sold for use at the Cookie Advantage Business (fees retained by or paid to 
