 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-25 
[2025 FA v1F] 
us, besides breaching this Franchise Agreement, you will be liable for any and all costs associated with 
such unapproved advertising or promotional usage, including redaction fees and any legal and other fees 
we may incur because of your actions.  We may also withdraw approving any advertising by written 
notice to you, and you must then cease using such advertising when practicable.  You will be solely 
responsible and liable to ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials and activities 
you prepare comply with applicable, federal, state, and local law and regulations, and the condition of any 
agreements or orders to which you may be subject.  If you violate any provision of this Section 11.1, 
besides all other remedies available to us, you will pay an unauthorized advertising fee of $500 per 
occurrence to us to offset the damage caused by your breach. 
 
11.2 
System Website.  We have established a system website for the Cookie Advantage 
business (“System Website”) and a local Website (“Local Page”) for your Cookie Advantage Business.  
We reserve the right to change the requirements relating to your Local Page at any time.  Your monthly 
Technology Fee includes website maintenance fees to the supplier that provides website maintenance 
services.  All such information shall be subject to our approval prior to posting.  We may update and 
modify the Local Page from time to time.  You must promptly notify us whenever any information on 
your listing changes or is not accurate.  We have final approval rights of all information on the Local 
Page.  We may implement and periodically modify System Standards relating to the Local Page.  We are 
only required to reference your Cookie Advantage Business on the System Website (including the Local 
Page) while you are in full compliance with your Franchise Agreement and all System Standards.  If you 
are in default of any obligation under this Franchise Agreement or System Standards, we may temporarily 
remove references to your Cookie Advantage Business from the System Website until you fully cure the 
default(s). 
       
11.3 
Internet.   Other than your Local Page, as described above, we retain the sole right to 
market on the Internet, including all use of websites, domain names, URL’s, linking, advertising, and co-
branding arrangements.  You may not, without our prior written approval, which may be withheld in our 
sole discretion, develop, maintain, or authorize any website that mentions or describes you or your Cookie 
Advantage Business, displays any of the Marks, or uses any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag, 
or search technique with words or symbols similar to the Marks.  We intend any franchisee website be 
accessed only through our home page.  You will provide us content for our Internet marketing.  We retain 
the right to approve any linking or other use of our System Website.  
 
We may allow you to promote your business via alternate online strategies consistent with our 
online policy as contained in our Confidential Operations Manual.  We have the right to review all online 
content on social media sites, crowdfunding campaigns or blogs, in electronic communications, and on 
other online sites on which our trademarks are used to protect the reputation and high quality associated 
with our trademarks.  We may require you to remove any questionable usage or content involving our 
trademarks.  We may also require you to cease using our trademarks at all such sites or discontinue all use 
of such sites. 
 
12. 
ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 
You agree to establish and maintain, at your own expense, a bookkeeping, accounting, and 
recordkeeping system conforming to the requirements, data processing, and cash register systems and 
formats which we prescribe from time to time.  These systems may include the capability of being polled 
by our central computer system, which you agree to permit.  With respect to the operation and financial 
condition of the Franchise, you agree to furnish us in the form we prescribe from time to time: (1) if we 
request it, by the day of each month we may specify, a telephonic or electronic report of the Franchise’s 
Gross Revenues for the preceding month; (2) by the day of each month we may specify, a written report 
of the Franchise’s Gross Revenues for the preceding month, and any other data, information, and 
