 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-7 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
liability imposed by the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law is void to the extent that such 
provision violates such law. 
 
4. 
The covenant not to compete that applies after the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement for any reason is hereby modified to the extent necessary to comply with Indiana 
Code 23-2-2.7-1 (9). 
 
5. 
The following provision will be added to the Franchise Agreement: 
 
No Limitation on Litigation.  Despite the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, any 
provision in the Agreement which limits in any manner whatsoever litigation brought for 
breach of the Agreement will be void to the extent that any such contractual provision 
violates the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
IOWA 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Compliance Questionnaire which would require you to 
prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any 
person from liability imposed by the Iowa Business Opportunity Promotions Law (Iowa Code Ch. 551A) 
is void to the extent that such provision violates such law. 
The following language will be added to the Franchise Agreement: 
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION 
_______________ (enter date of transaction) 
You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, within three (3) business days from the 
above date.  If you cancel, any property traded in, any payments made by you under the contract or sale, 
and any negotiable instrument executed by you will be returned within ten (10) business days following 
receipt by the seller of your cancellation notice, and any security interest arising out of the transaction will 
be cancelled.  
If you cancel, you must make available to the seller at your residence or business address, in substantially 
as good condition as when received, any goods delivered to you under this contract or sale; or you may, if 
you wish, comply with the instructions of the seller regarding the return shipment of the goods at the 
seller's expense and risk. 
If you do not agree to return the goods to the seller or if the seller does not pick them up within twenty 
(20) days of the date of your notice of cancellation, you may retain or dispose of the goods without any 
further obligation. 
To cancel this transaction, mail or deliver a signed and dated copy of this cancellation notice or any other 
written notice to Cookie Advantage, Inc., 7 North Armstrong, Bixby, OK 74008, or send a fax to Cookie 
Advantage, Inc. at (918) 369-5200 not later than midnight of the third business day after the Effective 
Date. 
