 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
2 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Market and Competition 
Cookie Advantage Businesses service the needs of business customers and individuals.  Our 
services are not seasonal in nature.  The market for the products and services offered by Cookie 
Advantage Businesses is developed and competitive. Cookie Advantage Businesses compete with other 
businesses offering gift and promotional items.  These competitors may include major retail distribution 
outlets, franchise programs, catalog sales, and the Internet, as well as local independent businesses, 
including local gift stores, and others that provide similar services and products. Your target market will 
be businesses, organizations desiring to fundraise, and individuals desiring to purchase gift items.  
Industry-Specific Laws 
You must obtain all necessary permits, licenses, and approvals to operate your Cookie Advantage 
Business. You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations relating to food 
handling and the sale of food.  Most states and local jurisdictions have enacted laws, rules, regulations, 
and ordinances that may apply to the operation of your Cookie Advantage Business, including those that:  
(a) regulate matters affecting the health, safety, and welfare of your customers, such as general health and 
sanitation requirements for the storage and handling of foods and beverages, restrictions on smoking, 
availability of and requirements for public accommodations, such as restroom facilities and public access, 
including requirements for accommodations for disabled persons; (b) set standards pertaining to employee 
health and safety; (c) set standards and requirements for construction, design, and maintenance of the site, 
including fire safety and general emergency preparedness; (d) establish general requirements or 
restrictions on advertising containing false or misleading claims, or health and nutrient claims on menus 
or otherwise, such as “low calorie” or “fat free;” and (e) regulate the proper use, storage, and disposal of 
waste.  Additionally, most states require a food handler’s license and possibly a hawkers or peddlers 
license.   
 
Your Cookie Advantage Business is subject to local food and health permits and 
inspection laws.  Health laws are intended in part to reduce food home illnesses and may cover such 
issues as: requiring employees to take a test and obtain a license as a food service worker; having 
accessible sinks and bathrooms for certain size establishments; inspections for cleanliness and 
compliance, equipment cleaning, storage and packaging; size of facilities; allowed foods; and 
refrigeration.  Certain municipalities you plan to service may have additional related licensing 
requirements.  The United States Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration 
regulate the manufacture, labeling, and distribution of food products.  The U.S. Postal Service has 
shipping restrictions that may affect the shipping of your products.  Certain states may have fundraising 
laws that apply to the fundraising aspect of your Cookie Advantage Business.  You will need to 
understand and comply with those laws in operating your Cookie Advantage Business.   
 
You are responsible for investigating, understanding, and complying with all applicable laws, 
regulations, and requirements applicable to you and your Cookie Advantage Franchise.  You should 
consult with a legal advisor about whether these and/or other requirements apply to your Cookie 
Advantage Business.  Failure to comply with laws and regulations is a material breach of the Franchise 
Agreement.   
 
