 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
16 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
agree on an acceptable location for the operation of your Cookie Advantage Business within such period.  
The Initial Franchise Fee will not be refunded. 
You may not execute a lease without our advance written acceptance of the lease’s terms.  The 
lease for the Bakery must, if we require it, permit us to take possession of the Bakery under certain 
conditions if the Franchise Agreement is terminated.  It must also contain such terms and provisions as 
are reasonably accepted by us, including those provisions in the “Lease Addendum” attached to the 
Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit H. 
 
Schedule for Opening 
 
The typical length of time between signing the Franchise Agreement and the opening of the 
Cookie Advantage Business will be approximately 60 to 90 days, and you must open your Cookie 
Advantage Business within 90 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement.  Failure to open your Cookie 
Advantage Business within this 90-day window is a material breach of the Franchise Agreement, which 
provides us with the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement.  We reserve the right, in our sole 
discretion, to extend this time, but we are not obligated to do so.  Some factors that may affect this timing 
are your ability to secure any necessary financing; lease negotiations for your site; your ability to comply 
with local zoning and other ordinances; your ability to obtain any necessary permits and certifications; 
training time; and the timing of the delivery of Equipment and inventory.  You must comply with all 
ordinances and permit requirements.   
 
You may not open your Cookie Advantage Business until: (1) we notify you in writing that all of 
your pre-opening obligations have been fulfilled; (2) you have completed the Initial Training Program to 
our satisfaction; (3) all amounts due to us have been paid; (4) we have been furnished with copies of all 
insurance policies and certificates required by the Franchise Agreement, or other documentation of 
insurance coverage and payment of premiums we request; (5) you notify us that all approvals and 
conditions stated in the Franchise Agreement have been met; (6) you have received all required permits 
and licenses; and (7) you have ordered and received your Equipment, supplies, inventory, and related 
materials.  You must be prepared to open and operate your Cookie Advantage Business immediately after 
we state your Cookie Advantage Business is ready for opening. 
Continuing Obligations 
 
During the operation of your Cookie Advantage Business, we (or our designee(s)) will provide 
the following assistance and services to you: 
1. 
At your reasonable request, consult with you regarding the continued operation and 
management of your Cookie Advantage Business, and advise you regarding services, sales techniques, 
product supply, customer relations, and similar topics.  Advice will be given during our regular business 
hours and via written materials, electronic media, telephone, or other methods in our discretion (See 
Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement). 
2. 
At your reasonable request, provide advice regarding your Cookie Advantage Business’ 
operation based on reports or inspections. We also will guide you on standards, specifications, and 
operating procedures and methods that Cookie Advantage Businesses use; purchasing required and 
authorized Operating Assets and other items; advertising and marketing materials or programs; employee 
training; and administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control procedures.  Advice will be 
given during our regular business hours and via written materials, electronic media, telephone, or other 
methods in our discretion (See Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement). 
