 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-32 
[2025 FA v1F] 
us, whether in the franchise application, the sales person disclosure form, the related agreements, in any 
subsequent written or oral communications or otherwise, is in our reasonable discretion, false, misleading 
or constitutes a misstatement of a material fact, and we determine, in our sole discretion, that we have 
been damaged or may be damaged in any way, including, but not limited to, a loss of goodwill damaged 
in any way, we have the right to immediately terminate all agreements between you and us with written 
notice to you in our sole discretion; or (12) you are in default of any other agreement with us or our 
affiliates and you have not cured that default under the terms of the other agreement, if any cure 
provisions are permitted.  
15.3 
Reimbursement of Our Costs.  In the event of a default and/or termination by us for any 
reason listed in Section 15.2, all of our costs and expenses arising from such default and/or termination, 
including reasonable legal and accounting fees and reasonable hourly charges of our administrative 
employees shall be paid to us by you within five days after cure or upon demand by us if such default is 
not cured. 
15.4 
Step-in Rights. In order to prevent any interruption of your Cookie Advantage 
Business’s operations which would cause harm to the System, thereby depreciating the value thereof, we 
and our affiliates have the right, but not the obligation, to step-in and designate an individual of our 
choosing (an “Interim Manager”) to temporarily manage the Cookie Advantage Business: (i) if you are in 
breach of this Franchise Agreement; (ii) if we determine in our sole judgment that the operation of your 
Cookie Advantage Business is in jeopardy; (iii) if we determine in our sole discretion that operational 
problems require that we operate your Cookie Advantage Business; (iv) if you abandon or fail to actively 
operate your Cookie Advantage Business; or (v) upon your, the Managing Owner’s, or the Designated 
Manager’s absence, termination, death, or disability (the “Step-in Rights”).  You authorize us to operate 
the Cookie Advantage Business for so long as we deem necessary and practical, and without waiver of 
any other rights or remedies we may have under this Franchise Agreement.  If we appoint an Interim 
Manager to manage your Cookie Advantage Business, you will pay us our then-current management fee 
(currently equal to $500 for every day the Cookie Advantage Business is managed by the Interim 
Manager) plus all costs and expenses incurred by us including our reasonable attorney, accountant and 
other professional fees and costs.  The Interim Manager will have no liability to you except to the extent 
directly caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct.  If, as herein provided, we temporarily 
operate the Cookie Advantage Business as provided in this Section, you agree to indemnify and hold 
harmless us and any representative of us who may act hereunder, from any and all acts which we may 
perform, as regards the interests of you or third parties.  Nothing contained herein shall prevent us from 
exercising any other right which we may have under this Franchise Agreement, including, without 
limitation, termination of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
15.5 
Enforceability.  If, in the opinion of our legal counsel, any provision of this Franchise 
Agreement is contrary to law, then you and we agree to negotiate in good faith an amendment that would 
make this Franchise Agreement conform to the applicable legal requirements.  If you and we cannot reach 
such an agreement, or if fundamental changes to this Franchise Agreement are required to make it 
conform to the legal requirements, then we reserve the right to terminate this Franchise Agreement upon 
notice to you, in which case all of post-termination obligations in Section 16 shall apply. 
 
16. 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF COMPANY AND FRANCHISEE UPON TERMINATION 
OR EXPIRATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
 
16.1 
Payment of Amounts Owed to Company.  You agree to pay us within five days after 
the effective date of termination or expiration of the Franchise, or any later date that the amounts due to 
us are determined, all amounts owed to us or our affiliates which are then unpaid. 
 
