 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-41 
[2025 FA v1F] 
(b) one business day after transmission by email or other electronic system; (c) one business day after 
being placed in the hands of a reputable commercial courier service for next business day delivery; or 
(d) three business days after placed in the U.S. mail by Priority Mail, delivery confirmation; and 
addressed to the party to be notified or paid at its most current principal business address of which the 
notifying party has been advised, or to any other place designated by either party.  Any required notice, 
payment, or report which we do not actually receive during regular business hours on the date due (or 
postmarked by postal authorities at least two days before it is due) will be deemed delinquent. 
 
19. 
INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL JUDGMENT OF YOU AND YOUR DESIGNATED 
MANAGER 
 
You and we acknowledge and agree that the standards, specifications, and operating procedures 
related to the services offered by the Franchise are not intended to limit or replace your, your Managing 
Owner’s or your Designated Manager’s (if any) professional judgment in supervising and performing the 
services offered by your Franchise.  The standards, specifications, and operating procedures represent 
only the minimum standards, and you, your Managing Owner and your Designated Manager (if any) are 
solely responsible for ensuring that the Franchise performs services in accordance with all applicable 
requirements and standards of care.  Nothing in this Franchise Agreement shall obligate you, your 
Managing Owner or your Designated Manager (if any) to perform any act that is contrary to your, your 
Managing Owner’s or your Designated Manager’s (if any) professional judgment; provided, however, 
that you must notify us immediately upon your determination that any standards, specifications, or 
operating procedure is contrary to your, your Managing Owner’s or your Designated Manager’s (if any) 
professional judgment. 
 
20. 
COVENANT OF GOOD FAITH 
 
If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing in this Franchise Agreement, 
the parties agree that the covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are inconsistent with a fair 
construction of the terms of this Franchise Agreement.  Additionally, if applicable law shall imply the 
covenant, you agree that: (i) this Franchise Agreement (and the relationship of the parties that is inherent 
in this Franchise Agreement) grants us the discretion to make decisions, take actions, and/or refrain from 
taking actions not inconsistent with our explicit rights and obligations under this Franchise Agreement 
that may affect favorably or adversely your interests; (ii) we will use our judgment in exercising the 
discretion based on our assessment of our own interests and balancing those interests against the interests 
of our franchisees generally (including ourselves and our affiliates, if applicable), and specifically without 
considering your individual interests or the individual interests of any other particular franchisee; (iii) we 
will have no liability to you for the exercise of our discretion in this manner, so long as the discretion is 
not exercised in bad faith; and (iv) in the absence of bad faith, no trier of fact in any arbitration or 
litigation shall substitute its judgment for our judgment so exercised. 
 
21. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
This Franchise Agreement, together with the introduction and exhibits to it, constitutes the entire 
agreement between you and us, and there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements 
between us concerning the subject matter of this Franchise Agreement.  However, nothing in this 
Franchise Agreement or any related agreement is intended to disclaim our representations made in the 
Franchise Disclosure Document.  This Franchise Agreement may be modified only by written agreement 
signed by both you and us, except that we may modify the Confidential Operations Manual at any time as 
provided herein and as provided in Section 17.1 with respect to reducing the scope of the non-competition 
and non-solicitation provisions. 
(Signatures on following page) 
