 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
7 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Exhibit H. We can require an alternative payment method or payment frequency for any fees or 
amounts owed to us or our affiliates under the Franchise Agreement. All fees are current as of the 
Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document. Certain fees that we have indicated may 
increase over the term of the Franchise Agreement.  All fees expressed as a fixed dollar amount are 
subject to adjustment based on changes to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) in the United States. 
We may periodically review and increase these fees based on changes to the CPI, but only if the 
increase to the CPI is more than 5% higher than the corresponding CPI in effect on: (a) the effective 
date of your Franchise Agreement (for the initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we implemented 
the last fee adjustment (for subsequent fee adjustments). We will notify you of any CPI adjustment 
at least 60 days before the fee adjustment becomes effective. We will implement no more than one 
CPI-related fee adjustment during any calendar year. 
 
2. 
Royalty.  “Gross Revenue” means all revenues derived from all sales of products and/or services of 
every kind or nature sold from, at, or in connection with the operation of the Cookie Advantage 
Business, or otherwise arising out of the operation of the Cookie Advantage Business (including all 
proceeds from any business interruption insurance), including the full redemption value of any gift 
certificate or coupon sold for use at the Cookie Advantage Business (fees retained by or paid to 
third-party sellers of such gift certificates or coupons are not excluded from this calculation), and 
all income and consideration of every other kind and nature related to the Bakery operation, 
whether for cash or credit, and regardless of collection.  Gross Revenue do not include the amount 
of any tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority, and all 
customer refunds, valid discounts and coupons, and credits made by the Bakery (exclusions will not 
include any reductions for credit card user fees, returned checks, or reserves for bad credit or 
doubtful accounts).  If you render services to a customer or otherwise recognize a sale (whether or 
not you have received payment from the customer), the Royalty is due in the period in which 
service was performed or completed. 
 
3. 
Additional Training or Assistance Fees.  If you require or request additional on-site assistance 
beyond what is provided by us, we may send a representative to provide further assistance to you or 
require you to come to our office or other designated location.  If we provide additional assistance 
at your request, we must agree in advance to the charges you will pay and the length of the visit.  
The cost of additional assistance will depend on your needs and the amount of assistance you 
desire.  We may also require you to receive additional assistance if you are not meeting our 
requirements or if we determine, in our sole discretion, additional pre-opening or post-opening 
assistance is required or if we determine that it is necessary for us to provide additional assistance 
to you to keep the System competitive.  Such additional assistance will be at your expense as 
described above.  Our current published rate for additional assistance is $250 per day, plus the cost 
of travel, meals, and room and board.  We reserve the right to adjust that rate periodically in our 
confidential operations manual. 
 
4. 
Technology Fee.  We will provide you with certain technical services in exchange for your monthly 
Technology Fee, which may change from time to time based on changes to the technical services 
we provide and/or our costs to provide these services.  The current Technology Fee is $100 per 
month per outlet.  You must use our custom designed Cookie Advantage Business Software.  We 
also reserve the right to create additional proprietary software or technology that must be used by 
Cookie Advantage franchisees, in which case we may require that you enter into a license 
agreement with us and pay us reasonable initial and ongoing licensing, support and maintenance 
fees.  We reserve the right to enter into a master license agreement with any software or technology 
supplier and sublicense the software or technology to you, in which case we may charge you for all 
amounts that we must pay to the licensor based on your use of the software or technology.  We can 
