 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
J-2 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
RECEIPT 
(Retain This Copy) 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information 
in plain language.  Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully. 
 
If Cookie Advantage, Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.   
Under Iowa law, if applicable, Cookie Advantage, Inc. must provide this disclosure document to you at 
your first personal meeting to discuss the franchise.  Michigan requires Cookie Advantage, Inc. to give 
you this disclosure document at least ten business days before the execution of any binding franchise or 
other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.  New York requires you to 
receive this disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or ten business days before the 
execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the 
franchise relationship. 
If Cookie Advantage, Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or 
misleading statement or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred 
and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580, and the appropriate 
state agency identified on Exhibit A. 
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of each franchise seller offering the franchise is: 
Duane Carns, 7 North Armstrong, Bixby, Oklahoma 74008; Telephone: (918) 369-4777 
Kim Carns, 7 North Armstrong, Bixby, Oklahoma 74008; Telephone: (918) 369-4777 
 
 
Issuance Date:  March 24, 2025 
I received a disclosure document issued March 24, 2025 which included the following exhibits: 
Exhibit A 
Exhibit B 
Exhibit C 
Exhibit D 
Exhibit E 
Exhibit F 
Exhibit G 
Exhibit H 
Exhibit I 
Exhibit J 
List of State Administrators/Agents for Service of Process 
Financial Statements 
Franchise Agreement 
Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire 
Confidential Operations Manual Table of Contents 
List of Current and Former Franchisees  
State Addenda and Agreement Riders 
Contracts for use with the Cookie Advantage Franchise 
State Effective Dates 
Receipt 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed Name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed Name 
Rev. 012417 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS.
