 
 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-3-3 
[2025 FA v1F] 
4.5 
Waiver of Notice.  Without affecting Owners’ obligations under this Section 4, we can 
extend, modify, or release any of Franchisee’s indebtedness or obligation, or settle, adjust, or compromise 
any claims against Franchisee, all without notice to the Owners.  Owners waive notice of amendment of 
the Franchise Agreement and notice of demand for payment or performance by Franchisee. 
  
4.6 
Effect of Owner’s Death.  Upon the death of an Owner, the estate of such Owner will be 
bound by the obligations in this Section 4, but only for defaults and obligations hereunder existing at the 
time of death; and the obligations of any other Owners will continue in full force and effect. 
 
4.7       Waiver of Acceptance, Default and Defenses. Owners waive: (i) acceptance and notice of 
acceptance by us of the forgoing undertakings; (b) protest and notice of default to any party with respect 
to the indebtedness or non-performance of any obligations hereby guaranteed; and (c) any and all other 
notices and legal or equitable defenses, right of setoff, claim or counterclaim whatsoever to which they 
may be entitled at any time hereunder.   
 
 4.8      Continuing Nature. Owners agree that each of the obligations in this Section 4 shall be 
continuing and shall not be discharged by: (i) the insolvency of Franchisee or the payment in full of all of 
the obligations at any time; (ii) the power or authority or lack thereof of Franchisee to incur the 
obligations; (iii) the validity or invalidity of any of the obligations; (iv) the existence or non-existence of 
Franchisee as a legal entity; (v) any statute of limitations affecting the liability of Owners or the ability of 
us to enforce this Franchise Owner Agreement or the obligations; or (vi) any right of offset, counterclaim 
or defense of any Owner, including, without limitation, those which have been waived by Owners 
pursuant to this Franchise Owners Agreement.   
  
5. 
Transfers. 
  
Owners acknowledge and agree that we have granted the Franchise Agreement to Franchisee in 
reliance on Owners’ business experience, skill, financial resources and personal character.  Accordingly, 
Owners agree: a) not to sell, encumber, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, merge or give away any direct or 
indirect interest in this Franchisee, unless Owners first comply with the sections in the Franchise 
Agreement regarding transfers and assignment, and b) that any attempt to do so will be a breach of this 
Owners Agreement and the Franchise Agreement. We may, from time to time, without notice to Owners, 
assign or transfer any or all of Owners’ rights, duties and obligations or any interest therein in this 
Owners Agreement and, notwithstanding any assignment(s) or transfer(s), the rights, duties and 
obligations shall be and remain for the purpose of this Owners Agreement. Each and every immediate and 
successive assignee or transferee of any of the rights, duties or obligations of any interest therein shall, to 
the extent of such party’s interest in the rights duties and/or obligations, be entitled to the benefits of this 
Owners Agreement to the same extent as if such assignee or transferee were us. 
  
6. 
Notices. 
  
6.1 
Method of Notice.  Any notices given under this Owners Agreement shall be in writing 
and delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement. 
6.2 
Notice Addresses.  Our current address for all communications under this Owners 
Agreement is: 
  
 
 
Cookie Advantage, Inc. 
7 North Armstrong 
Bixby, Oklahoma 74008 
  
