 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
H-10 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
EXHIBIT H-3 
COOKIE ADVANTAGE FRANCHISE 
 
SAMPLE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
 
This Confidentiality Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by the undersigned (“you”) in 
favor of Cookie Advantage, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, and its successors and assigns (“us”), upon 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.   
1. 
Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings 
given to them below: 
“Cookie Advantage Business” means a business that sells cookies, cookie cups, and related goods 
that are marketed primarily as gift items to businesses and individuals who desire to express their 
appreciation to their customers and obtain customer feedback, and other related products and services 
using our Intellectual Property.  
“Copyrights” means all works and materials for which we or our affiliate(s) have secured 
common law or registered copyright protection and that we allow Cookie Advantage franchisees to use, 
sell, or display in connection with the marketing and/or operation of a Cookie Advantage Business, 
whether now in existence or created in the future. 
“Franchisee” means the Cookie Advantage franchisee for which you are an employee, 
independent contractor, agent, representative, or supplier. 
“Intellectual Property” means, collectively or individually, our Marks, Copyrights, Know-how, 
Manual, and System.  
“Know-how” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information relating to the 
development, construction, marketing, and/or operation of a Cookie Advantage Business, including, but 
not limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, proprietary practices and procedures, policies, 
marketing strategies, and information comprising the System and the Manual. 
“Manual” means our confidential operations manual for the operation of a Cookie Advantage 
Business.  
“Marks” means the logotypes, service marks, and trademarks now or hereafter involved in the 
operation of a Cookie Advantage Business, including “COOKIE ADVANTAGE” and any other 
trademarks, service marks, or trade names that we designate for use by a Cookie Advantage Business.  
The term “Marks” also includes any distinctive trade dress used to identify a Cookie Advantage Business, 
whether now in existence or hereafter created. 
“System” means our system for the establishment, development, operation, and management of a 
Cookie Advantage Business, including Know-how, proprietary programs and products, confidential 
operations manuals, and operating system.  
2. 
Background.  You are an employee, independent contractor, agent, representative, or 
supplier of Franchisee.  Because of this relationship, you may gain knowledge of our Intellectual 
Property.  You understand that protecting the Intellectual Property is vital to our success and that of our 
franchisees, and that you could seriously jeopardize our entire Franchise System if you were to use such 
Intellectual Property in any way other than as described in this Agreement.  In order to avoid such 
damage, you agree to comply with this Agreement. 
   
