 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-11 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to: 
 
State of Michigan 
Department of Attorney General 
Consumer Protection Division 
Attn: Franchise 
670 Law Building 
525 W. Ottawa Street 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
MINNESOTA 
 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and 
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota: 
 
1. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which would require you to assent to a release, 
assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by 
Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 will be void to the extent that such contractual 
provision violates such law. 
 
2. 
Minnesota Statute Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit the franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the FDD or 
Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the 
laws of Minnesota. 
 
3. 
Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving his rights to a jury trial or 
waiving his rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction, or consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. Any 
provision in the Franchise Agreement which would require you to waive your rights to any 
procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota is deleted from 
any agreement relating to Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota; provided, 
however, that this paragraph will not affect the obligation in the Franchise Agreement relating to 
arbitration. 
 
4. 
With respect to Franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minnesota Statute 
Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be 
given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal 
of the Franchise Agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the Franchise will not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
 
5. 
Item 13 of the FDD is hereby amended to state that we will protect your rights under the 
Franchise Agreement to use the Marks, or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising 
out of any third-party claim, suit or demand regarding your use of the Marks, if your use of the 
