 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-17 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Advantage Business (collectively, the “Improvements”) conceived or developed by you shall become our 
property.  You agree to assign and do hereby assign to us, all right, title, and interest in and to the 
Improvements, including the right to grant sublicenses to any such Improvement.  You shall fully disclose 
the Improvements to us, without disclosure of the Improvements to others, and shall obtain our written 
approval prior to using such Improvements.  Any such Improvement may be used by us and all of our 
other Cookie Advantage franchisees without any obligation to you for Royalties or other fees.  We may, 
at our discretion, apply for and own copyrights, patents, trade names, trademarks, and service marks 
relating to any such Improvement, and you shall cooperate with us in securing such rights.  We may also 
consider such Improvements as our property and trade secrets.  In return, we shall authorize you to utilize 
any Improvement that may be developed by other franchisees and is authorized generally for use by other 
franchisees.  All Improvements created by you or any other person or entity retained or employed by you 
are our property, and we shall be entitled to use and license others to use such Improvements 
unencumbered by moral rights.  If any of the Improvements are copyrightable materials, they shall be 
works-made-for-hire within the meaning of the United States Copyright Act and, to the extent the 
copyrightable materials are not works-made-for-hire, or rights in the copyrightable materials do not 
automatically accrue to us, you irrevocably assign and agree to assign to us, our successors and assigns, 
the entire right, title, and interest in perpetuity throughout the world in and to any and all rights, including 
all copyrights and related rights in such copyrighted materials, which you and the author of such 
copyrighted materials warrant and represent as being created by and wholly original with the author.  
Where applicable, you agree to obtain any other assignments of rights in the Improvements from another 
person or entity necessary to ensure our right in the Improvements as required in this Section. 
 
8. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; INDEMNIFICATION; PHOTO/VIDEO RELEASE 
 
8.1 
Independent Contractor; No Fiduciary Relationship.  You acknowledge and agree 
that this Franchise Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between you and us, that you and 
we are independent contractors, and that nothing in this Franchise Agreement is intended to make either 
party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the other for any purpose. You 
further agree that fulfillment of any and all of our obligations written in the Franchise Agreement, or 
based on any oral communications which may be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole 
responsibility and none of our owners, officers, agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated 
with us shall be personally liable to you for any reason.  You agree to conspicuously identify yourself in 
all your dealings with customers, suppliers, public officials, Franchise personnel, and others as the owner 
of the Franchise under a franchise agreement, and to place any other notices of independent ownership on 
your forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, and other materials as we may require from time to 
time.  You have no authority to create or assume in our name or on our behalf any obligation, express or 
implied, or to act or purport to act as our agent or representative for any purpose whatsoever.  All 
employees or independent contractors hired by or working for you will be your employees or independent 
contractors alone and will not, for any purpose, be deemed our employees or subject to our control, most 
particularly with respect to any mandated or insurance coverage, tax or contributions, or requirements 
pertaining to withholdings, levied or fixed by any city, state, or federal governmental agency.  You and 
we will file our own tax, regulatory and payroll reports, and be responsible for all operations, and we will 
save and indemnify one another of and from any liability of any nature whatsoever by virtue thereof. You 
will use your legal name on all documents for use with employees and contractors, including but not 
limited to, employment applications, time cards, pay checks, and employment and independent contractor 
agreements and will not use the Marks on these documents.  
 
8.2 
No Liability, No Warranties.  We have not authorized or empowered you to use the 
Marks except as provided by this Franchise Agreement, and you agree not to employ the Marks in signing 
any contract, check, purchase agreement, negotiable instrument or legal obligation, application for any 
license or permit, or in a manner that may result in liability to us for any indebtedness or obligation of 
