 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-24 
[2025 FA v1F] 
modification, cancellation, or expiration of the policy.  Deductibles must be in reasonable amounts, and 
are subject to review and written approval by us.  You must provide us with copies of policies evidencing 
the existence of such insurance concurrently with execution of this Franchise Agreement and prior to each 
subsequent renewal date of each insurance policy, along with certificates evidencing such insurance. 
 
Prior to the expiration of the term of each insurance policy, you must furnish us with a copy of a 
renewal or replacement insurance policy and appropriate certificates of insurance. 
 
Notwithstanding the existence of such insurance, you are responsible for all loss or damage and 
contractual liability to third persons originating from or for the operation of the Franchise, and for all 
claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness, or death of persons directly or indirectly 
resulting therefrom; and you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless of, from, and regarding 
any such claims, loss, or damage, which indemnity shall survive the termination or expiration and non-
renewal of this Franchise Agreement.  Besides the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 10.7, you must 
maintain any and all insurance coverage in such amounts and under such terms and conditions as required 
by state laws and which may be required with your lease or purchase of the Bakery.   
 
Your obligation to maintain insurance coverage as described in this Franchise Agreement will not 
be reduced in any manner by any separate insurance we maintain on our own behalf, nor will our 
maintenance of that insurance relieve you of any obligations under this Section of this Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
It is your obligation to obtain and maintain signed release of liability waivers for each 
participant(s), legal guardian(s), and/or guest(s) to comply with the insurance program, and also to avoid 
the $25,000 deductible in the event of an accident to such person. 
 
10.8 
Credit Cards and Other Methods of Payment.  You must have arrangements in 
existence with Visa, Master Card, and any other credit and debit card issuers or sponsors, check 
verification services, companies that provide services for electronic payment such as near filed 
communication vendors (for example, “Apple Pay” and “Google Wallet”) and electronic fund transfer 
systems we designate from time to time (“Credit Card Vendors”), in order that the Franchise may accept 
customers’ credit and debit cards, checks, and other methods of payment.  You agree not to use any 
Credit Card Vendor for which we have not given you our prior written approval or as to which we have 
revoked our earlier approval.  We may require you to obtain such services through us or our affiliates.  
We have the right to modify our requirements and designate additional approved or required methods of 
payment and vendors for processing such payments, and to revoke our approval of any service provider.  
You agree to comply with the then-current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, as those 
standards may be revised and modified by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (see 
www.pcisecuritystandards.org), or any successor organization or standards that we may reasonably 
specify. Among other things, you agree to implement the enhancements, security requirements, and other 
standards that the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (or its successor) requires of a merchant that 
accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards. 
 
11. 
ADVERTISING. 
 
11.1 
By You.  You are not required to spend any minimum amount on advertising your 
Franchise.  On each occasion before you use them, samples of all local advertising and promotional 
materials not prepared or previously approved by us must be submitted to us for approval.  If you do not 
receive our written approval or disapproval within 15 days from the date we receive the materials, the 
materials will be deemed to have been disapproved.  You agree not to use any advertising or promotional 
materials we have disapproved.  If you have used advertising or promotional materials not approved by 
