 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-36 
[2025 FA v1F] 
accessions, and substitutions to or for it, and the cash and non-cash proceeds derived from insurance or 
the disposition of such collateral: (a) all inventory, equipment, furniture, furnishings, fixtures, and 
supplies now leased, owned, or after-acquired by you and the Cookie Advantage Business, including, but 
not limited to, all inventory, equipment, furniture, furnishings, fixtures, and supplies transferred to or 
acquired by you for this Franchise Agreement; (b) all accounts of you and/or the Cookie Advantage 
Business now existing or subsequently arising, with all interest in you and/or the Cookie Advantage 
Business, now existing or subsequently arising, with all chattel paper, documents, and instruments 
relating to such accounts; (c) all contract rights of you and/or the Franchise, now existing or subsequently 
arising; (d) all general intangibles of you and/or the Franchise, now owned or existing, or after-acquired 
or subsequently arising; (e) all of your and/or the Cookie Advantage Business’ interests in the real estate 
where the Bakery is located; and (f) all improvements to that real estate.  You authorize us to file and 
record financing statements, financing statement amendments, continuation financing statements, fixture 
filings, and other documents we deem necessary to evidence, perfect, and continue the priority of security 
interests in these assets.  You also agree to execute and deliver any such documents to us upon our 
request. 
 
17.5 
No Guarantees.  If in connection with this Franchise Agreement we provide to you any 
waiver, approval, consent, or suggestion, or if we neglect or delay our response or deny any request for 
any of those, then we will not be deemed to have made any warranties or guarantees upon which you may 
rely, and will not assume any liability or obligation to you. 
 
17.6 
No Waiver.  If at any time we do not exercise a right or power available to us under this 
Franchise Agreement or do not insist on your strict compliance with the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement, or if there develops a custom or practice that is at variance with the terms of this Franchise 
Agreement, then we will not be deemed to have waived our right to demand exact compliance with any of 
the terms of this Franchise Agreement at a later time.  Similarly, our waiver of any particular breach or 
series of breaches under this Franchise Agreement, or of any similar term in any other agreement between 
us and any other Cookie Advantage franchisee will not affect our rights with respect to any later breach.  
It will also not be deemed to be a waiver of any breach of this Franchise Agreement for us to accept 
payments that are due to us under this Franchise Agreement. 
 
17.7 
Cumulative Remedies.  The rights and remedies specifically granted to either you or us 
by this Franchise Agreement will not be deemed to prohibit either you or us from exercising any other 
right or remedy provided under this Franchise Agreement, or permitted by law or equity. 
 
17.8 
Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief.  Provided we give you the appropriate notice, 
we will be entitled, without being required to post a bond, to the entry of temporary and permanent 
injunctions and orders of specific performance to: (1) enforce the provisions of this Franchise Agreement 
relating to your use of the Marks and non-disclosure, non-solicitation, and non-competition obligations 
under this Franchise Agreement; (2) prohibit any act or omission by you or your employees that 
constitutes a violation of any applicable law, ordinance, or regulation; constitutes a danger to the public; 
or may impair the goodwill associated with the Marks or Franchises; or (3) prevent any other irreparable 
harm to our interests.  If we obtain an injunction or order of specific performance, then you shall pay us 
an amount equal to the total of our costs of obtaining it, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney 
and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses, 
travel and living expenses, and any damages we incur as a result of the breach of any such provision.  
You further agree to waive any claims for damage in the event there is a later determination that an 
injunction or specific performance order was issued improperly.  We and you agree that venue for any 
such proceeding shall be the state and federal courts located closest to our principal place of business 
(currently, Bixby, Oklahoma).   
 
