 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-8 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Location does not violate any applicable state or local zoning or land use laws, ordinances, or regulations, 
or any restrictive covenants that apply to such location; (8) provide proof, in a form satisfactory to us, that 
you (or your Managing Owner, as defined in Section 4.1 below, if you are an entity), and/or your 
Designated Manager, if any (as defined in Section 4.1) are legally authorized and have all licenses 
necessary to perform all of the services to be offered by your Franchise, and your organizational structure 
follows all legal requirements; (9) pay us all amounts due to us and do any other acts necessary to open 
the Franchise for business; (10) obtain our acceptance to open the Franchise for business; and (11) open 
the Franchise for business. 
 
3.4 
Computer System.  You agree to use in the development and operation of the Franchise 
the point of sale system and computer terminals systems and operating software we specify from time to 
time in the Confidential Operations Manual (“Computer System”).  You acknowledge we may modify 
such specifications and the components of the Computer System from time to time.  As part of the 
Computer System, we may require you to obtain specified computer hardware and/or software, including 
without limitation, a license to use proprietary software developed by us or others.  You will be required 
to sign any use and license agreement for our propriety software. 
 
(a) 
Specifications and Modifications.  Our modification of such specifications for the 
components of the Computer System may require you to incur costs to purchase, lease, and/or 
obtain by license new or modified computer hardware and/or software, and to obtain service and 
support for the Computer System during the term of this Franchise Agreement. You acknowledge 
that we cannot estimate the future costs of the Computer System (or additions or modifications 
thereto), and that the cost to you of obtaining the Computer System (or additions or modifications 
thereto), including software, may not be fully amortizable over the remaining term of this 
Franchise Agreement.  Nonetheless, you agree to incur such costs in connection with obtaining 
the computer hardware and software comprising the Computer System (or additions or 
modifications thereto).  Within 60 days after you receive notice from us, you agree to obtain the 
components of the Computer System we designate and require.  You further acknowledge and 
agree that we and our affiliates have the right to charge a reasonable systems fee for software or 
systems installation services; modifications and enhancements specifically made for us or our 
affiliates that are licensed to you; and other maintenance and support Computer System-related 
services that we or our affiliates furnish to you.  You will have sole responsibility at your cost for: 
(1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance, backup, and upgrading of your Computer System; (2) 
the manner in which your Computer System interfaces with our computer system and those of 
third parties; and (3) any and all consequences that may arise if your Computer System is not 
properly operated, maintained, backed up, and upgraded. You must comply with all laws that 
applicable to the Computer System and other technology used in the operation of your Cookie 
Advantage Business, including all data protection or security laws as well as PCI (payment card 
industry) compliance. 
 
The Computer System will manage the daily workflow of the Cookie Advantage 
Business, coordinate the customer ordering experience, scheduling, and other information.  You 
must record all gross revenue on the Computer System.  You must store all data and information 
in the Computer System that we designate, and report data and information in the manner we 
specify.  The Computer System will generate reports on the gross revenue of your Franchise.  
You must also maintain a high-speed Internet connection for the Cookie Advantage Business.  
You must accept all credit cards and debit cards that we determine.  We are not required to 
provide you with any ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, updates, or support for the 
Computer System.  There are no limitations regarding the costs of such required support, 
maintenance, repairs, or upgrades relating to the Computer System.      
 
