 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-23 
[2025 FA v1F] 
benefits, recordkeeping, supervision, and discipline of employees, and you agree to indemnify us for any 
such liabilities we incur.  If we prescribe any additional training programs for your employees and/or 
independent contractors, then you must implement such programs at your own expense.  You must 
require all employees and independent contractors to maintain a neat and clean appearance, and conform 
to the standards of dress we specify in the Confidential Operations Manual, as updated from time to time.  
Each of your employees and independent contractors having access to Confidential Information must sign 
a written agreement, in a form attached in Exhibit H of the Franchise Disclosure Document, to maintain 
confidential our Confidential Information, proprietary information, and trade secrets as described in 
Section 9.1, and to abide by the covenants not to compete described in Section 9.3.  You must forward to 
us a copy of each such signed agreement.   
 
You agree to inform each of your employees and independent contractors that you alone are their 
employer/contractor, and we are not.  You agree to explain to your employees and independent 
contractors the respective roles of a franchisor and franchisee and our relationship with you, and you will 
request that your employees and contractors sign any acknowledgement or disclosure explaining the 
differences between us and you, their employer, or contractor.  Without limiting the generality of 
anything contained herein, you are responsible for complying with all applicable employment laws.   
 
All of your employees and independent contractors must render prompt, efficient, and courteous 
service to all customers of the Franchise.  We may contact any customer of any Franchise at any time for 
any purpose.  Also, if a customer or other patron of the Franchise who wishes to lodge a complaint 
contacts us, we reserve the right to address the person’s complaint to preserve goodwill and prevent 
damage to the brand.  Our right to address complaints may include refunding money to the complaining 
person or providing a gift card, refund, or other value to the customer, in our discretion, in which case you 
must reimburse us for these amounts.  
  
10.7 
Insurance.  Before you open the Franchise, and during any Term of this Franchise 
Agreement, you must maintain in force, under policies of insurance written on an occurrence basis issued 
by carriers with an A.M. Best rating of “A” or better, approved by us, and in such amounts as we may 
determine from time to time: (1) comprehensive public, participant legal liability, product, and motor 
vehicle liability insurance against claims for bodily and personal injury, death, and property damage 
caused by or in conjunction with the operation of the Franchise or otherwise with your conduct of the 
Cookie Advantage Business under this Franchise Agreement, under one or more policies of insurance 
containing minimum liability coverage amounts as set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual; (2) 
general casualty insurance at all risk to include theft, cash theft, crime, fire and extended coverage, 
vandalism, and malicious mischief insurance for the replacement value of the Franchise and its contents, 
and any other assets of the Franchise; (3) worker’s compensation and employer’s liability insurance as 
required by law, with limits equal to or over those required by statute; (4) business interruption insurance 
for a period adequate to re-establish normal business operations, but not less than six months; (5) 
insurance coverage for employment practices liability, data theft; and (6) any other insurance required by 
applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance, or licensing requirements will be sensitive to total liability 
limits.  For example, umbrella liability coverage with limits of not less than $1,000,000/$3,000,000 or 
such other amounts we may establish in the Confidential Operations Manual.  We may periodically 
increase or decrease the amounts of coverage required under these insurance policies, and/or require 
different or additional kinds of insurance, including excess liability insurance, to reflect inflation, 
identification of new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards, or other 
relevant changes in circumstances.   
 
Each insurance policy (except for employment liability insurance policies) must name us (and, if 
we so request, our members, directors, employees, agents, and affiliates) as “Additional Named Insured,” 
not “additional insureds,” and must provide us with 30 days’ advance written notice of any material 
