 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-9 
[2025 FA v1F] 
We own all data generated by the Computer System concerning the Cookie Advantage 
Business, including data and customer lists stored in the Computer System and on any Internet 
website.  We (or our designee(s)) have the right to independently access the electronic 
information and data relating to your Franchise, and to collect and use your electronic 
information and data in any manner, including to promote the System and the sale of Franchises.  
This may include posting financial information of each franchisee on an intranet website.  There 
is no contractual limitation on our right to receive or use information through our proprietary data 
management and intranet system.  The information collected by us about your Territory with the 
Cookie Advantage business software (“Software”) will be available to you upon request, and at 
no cost to you; however, you will not be able to independently obtain this information without 
requesting the information from us.  We may access the electronic information and data from 
your Computer System remotely, in your Franchise, or from other locations.   
 
If you are in default of any obligations under this Franchise Agreement, we may, in 
addition to any other remedy we may have under the Franchise Agreement, temporarily inhibit 
your access to all or part of the Computer System, including the Software, until you have cured 
such default completely. 
(b) 
Computer System Hosting.  We may permit you to have nonexclusive Internet 
access to a computer server hosted by us or our agent, and software programs owned or licensed 
by us and residing on the server, together with a user’s manual (collectively, included in the 
definition of Computer System), for use by you solely for the operation of the Cookie Advantage 
Business.  You agree you acquire no title or ownership in any component of the Computer 
System, and that as between both of us, all right, title, and interest in the Computer System is 
owned by us.  Your right of access to and use of the Computer System are subject to your being 
in Good Standing (as defined below) and your compliance with each of the following terms and 
conditions.  “Good Standing” as used in this Franchise Agreement shall mean you are not in 
default under this Franchise Agreement, or any other agreement pertaining to the Cookie 
Advantage Business, and no event shall have occurred and be continuing which, with notice or 
the passage of time or both, would constitute such a default. 
 
(1) 
Use.  You will use the Computer System solely with the computer 
hardware and third-party software specified from time to time in the Confidential 
Operations Manual, solely at the location of the Bakery accepted by us and specified in 
Attachment 1, and solely for the operation of the Cookie Advantage Business. 
 
(2) 
Confidentiality.  You will not permit access to the Computer System to 
any person or entity other than to your employees who require access to perform their 
normal employment duties for you. 
 
(3) 
Modification.  You will make no changes or modifications to any part of 
the Computer System. 
 
(4) 
Limited Warranty.  ACCESS TO THE COMPUTER SYSTEM WILL 
BE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER 
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A  PARTICULAR  
PURPOSE.  We do not warrant that the functions of the Computer System will meet your 
requirements or that the operation of the Computer System will be uninterrupted or error-
free. 
 
