 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-14 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
6. 
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements - No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the 
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise 
law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This provision supersedes 
any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
7. 
Receipts - Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. 
Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering 
prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made.  New York law 
requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment 
of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring that 
you sign a general release, estoppel or waiver as a condition of renewal and/or assignment may not be 
enforceable as they relate to releases of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
resolution of disputes to be outside North Dakota may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.  
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements relating to 
choice of law may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment 
Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.  
 
 
Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to liquidated damages and/or termination penalties may not be enforceable under Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent 
required by law. 
 
Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to a waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North 
Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
 
 
Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages may not be enforceable under Section 51-
19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required 
by law. 
 
 
Item 17(r) of the FDD and Section 9 of the Franchise Agreement disclose the existence of certain 
covenants restricting competition to which Franchisee must agree.  The Commissioner has held that 
covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code, without 
further disclosing that such covenants may be subject to this statue, are unfair, unjust, or inequitable 
within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  The FDD and the 
Franchise Agreement are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
