 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
10 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
lodging, meals, wages, and incidental expenses for all initial training program attendees.  Only 
you or the managing owner (if you are an entity), and any designated manager (if any), are 
required to attend the initial training program.  Initial training is provided at no charge for you (or 
the managing owner if you are an entity) and your designated manager (if any), and any 
employees we designate so long as all trainees receive their training at the same training session.  
This estimates the expenses for one person.  If more than one person attends the initial training 
program, your expenses will be more than this estimate.   
 
11. 
Additional Funds.  Our estimates are based on our experience, the experience of our Affiliate, and 
our current requirements for Cookie Advantage Franchises.  If your Cookie Advantage Business 
opens during the last quarter of the calendar year, we recommend that you follow the high 
estimate to accommodate the Christmas holiday.   
12. 
This is an estimate of your initial start-up expenses for one Cookie Advantage Franchise. You 
should review these figures with a business advisor, financial consultant, or other professional 
before deciding to purchase the Franchise.  
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Standards and Specifications 
To ensure the highest degree of quality and service is maintained, you must operate your Cookie 
Advantage Franchise in strict conformity with the methods, standards, and specifications we list in our 
proprietary and confidential operating manual (“Confidential Operations Manual”), which may exist in 
various parts, locations, and formats, and may include a combination of audio, video, written material, 
electronic media, website content, and/or software components.  You must not: (i) deviate from these 
methods, standards, and specifications without our prior written consent; or (ii) otherwise operate in any 
manner which reflects adversely on our Marks or the System.  Our Confidential Operations Manual states 
our standards, specifications, and guidelines for all products and services we require you to obtain in 
establishing and operating your Cookie Advantage Franchise.    
We will notify you of new or modified standards, specifications, and guidelines through periodic 
amendments or supplements to the Confidential Operations Manual or through written communication 
(including electronic communication).  We will issue copies of our standards and specifications to you 
and approved and proposed suppliers, unless these standards and specifications contain our Confidential 
Information (defined in Item 14). 
You must purchase, install, maintain in sufficient supply, and use, only fixtures, furnishings, 
Equipment, signs, and supplies (collectively, the “Operating Assets”) that conform to the standards and 
specifications described in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.    
Insurance 
You must obtain the insurance coverage required under the Franchise Agreement, which is also 
listed below.  The insurance company must be authorized to do business in the state where your Bakery is 
located and must be approved by us.  It must also be rated “A” or better by A.M. Best & Company, Inc.  
We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage required under these insurance policies and/or 
require different or additional insurance coverage at any time.  The cost of insurance may be significantly 
higher than the estimate, depending on such factors as particular state coverage requirements, store 
