 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-18 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Item 17(h).  The following is added to Item 17(h): 
 
“Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to use undue influence to induce a franchisee to surrender any right given to him under 
the franchise.  If any provision of the Franchise Agreement or Supplemental Agreements involve 
the use of undue influence by the Franchisor to induce a franchisee to surrender any rights given 
to franchisee under the Franchise, that provision may not be enforceable.” 
 
In recognition of the restrictions contained in Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, the 
FDD for Cookie Advantage, Inc. for use in the Commonwealth of Virginia shall be amended as follows: 
 
Additional Disclosure.  The following statements are added to Item 8 and Item 17.h.  
 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or termination stated in 
the Franchise Agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in 
the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be 
enforceable. 
 
The following risk factor is added to the Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise page: 
 
Estimated Initial Investment.  The franchisee will be required to make an estimated initial 
investment ranging from $92,550 to $171,250.  This amount exceeds the franchisor’s 
stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2024, which is $78,724. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
WASHINGTON 
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.  
 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor 
including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which 
may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of 
termination and renewal of your franchise.  
 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of 
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or 
mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an 
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
 
