 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-11 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Advantage Business.  We may require that the Designated Manager have an ownership interest in the 
entity of the Franchisee.  If you replace a Designated Manager, the new Designated Manager must 
satisfactorily complete our training program at your own expense within 60 days after the termination of 
the former Designated Manager.  The term “Designated Manager” means an individual with primary day-
to-day responsibility for the Franchise’s operations.  You (or your Managing Owner, if you are an entity), 
or the Designated Manager will be obligated to devote his or her full time, best efforts, and constant 
personal attention to the Franchise’s operations, and must have full authority from you to implement the 
System at the Franchise.  Each Designated Manager and successor Designated Manager must attend and 
complete our Initial Training (as defined in this Franchise Agreement).  Each Designated Manager must 
sign a System Protection Agreement, the current form of which is attached in Exhibit H of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document.  You must forward to us a copy of each such signed agreement.  If we determine, 
in our sole discretion, during or following completion of the initial training program, that your Designated 
Manager (if any) is not qualified to act as Designated Manager of the Franchise, then we have the right to 
require you to have the Designated Manager satisfactorily complete additional training at your expense 
or, if the Designated Manager does not satisfactorily complete such training, then to choose (and obtain 
our acceptance of) a new individual for that position.   
 
4.2 
Training.  You acknowledge it is crucial to the operation of the Franchise that you and 
your employees receive appropriate training.  You agree: 
 
(a) 
At least 30 days before the Franchise opens for business, you (if you are an 
individual) or your Managing Owner (if you are an entity), your Designated Manager (if any), 
and other employees we designate you must attend our initial training program for your Franchise 
(“Initial Training Program”) at the time and place we designate.  The Initial Training Program 
will include classroom instruction and Franchise operation training, and will be furnished at our 
training facility, a Cookie Advantage Business location we designate, your Franchise location, 
and/or at another location we designate.  Although we may allow some of your employees to 
attend our Initial Training Program and although this training may be different for different 
employees, you are still responsible for providing training for your employees other than your 
Managing Owner and Designated Manager.  We will provide this Initial Training Program 
without charge to you if you and your employees attend the same Initial Training Program at the 
same time.  Each person required to attend the Initial Training Program must complete the 
program to our satisfaction, and any attendee who fails to complete the program to our 
satisfaction will be required to be retrained at the time, place, and cost to be set by us, and at your 
sole expense.  We reserve the right to vary the length and content of the Initial Training Program 
as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion based on the experience of the attendee.  We 
reserve the right to select when you will attend the Initial Training Program and may delay your 
attendance until a suitable time near the grand opening date for your Cookie Advantage Business 
in our sole discretion. If we, in our sole discretion, determine that any Designated Manager or 
employee whom we require to attend any Initial Training Program cannot satisfactorily complete 
such program, then you must hire a substitute Designated Manager or employee who must enroll 
in the Initial Training Program within 15 days, and complete the Initial Training Program to our 
satisfaction.  We may charge a fee and our expenses for this additional initial training. 
 
(b) 
You agree to have any replacement Designated Manager (if any) and/or other 
employees we specify complete the Initial Training Program at places and times as we may 
request from time to time during the term of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
(c) 
In addition to providing the Initial Training Program described above, we provide 
pre-opening assistance and pre-opening training to you (or your Managing Owner, if you are an 
entity) and your Designated Manager (if any) (“Pre-Opening Training Program”) at your Bakery.  
