 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-21 
[2025 FA v1F] 
then we shall have the right, in addition to all other remedies available to us at law or under this 
Franchise Agreement, to enter the Bakery or the Franchise and perform any required maintenance 
or refurbishing on your behalf, and you agree to reimburse us within 20 days of our demand. 
 
10.2 
Franchise Services and Products.  You agree that: (a) the Franchise will offer for sale 
all products and services we from time to time specify in the Confidential Operations Manual for 
Franchises; (b) the Franchise will offer and sell approved products and services only in the manner we 
have prescribed; (c) you will not offer for sale or sell at the Franchise, the Bakery, or any other location 
any products and services we have not approved; (d) you will not use the Bakery for any purpose other 
than the operation of the Franchise; and (e) you will discontinue selling and offering for sale any products 
and services we at any time decide (in our sole discretion) to disapprove in writing.  You agree to 
maintain an inventory of approved products sufficient in quantity and variety to realize the full potential 
of the Franchise.  We may, from time to time, conduct market research and testing to determine consumer 
trends and the salability of new products and services.  You agree to cooperate by participating in our 
market research programs, test marketing new products and services in the Franchise, and providing us 
with timely reports and other relevant information regarding such market research.  For any such test 
marketing, you agree to offer a reasonable quantity of the products or services being tested, and promote 
and make a reasonable effort to sell them. 
 
We shall not have control over the day-to-day managerial operations of the Cookie Advantage 
Business, and you shall be free to establish its own prices; however, we shall have the right to set 
minimum and maximum resale prices, minimum advertised price policies, and unilateral price policies as 
part of any national or regional promotion or multi-area marketing plan, in accordance with the law.  You 
must honor all terms of National Account Customer agreements, as described in Section 2.7.  You must 
honor the terms of all promotional or discount programs that we offer to the public, and must also provide 
those services and other items we specify on such terms and at such rates, including free of charge, as we 
may specify.   
 
10.3 
Approved Products, Distributors, and Suppliers.  We have developed, or may 
develop, various unique products or services that may be prepared according to our formulations.  We 
have approved, and will continue to periodically approve, specifications for suppliers and distributors 
(which may include us and/or our affiliates) for products or services required to be purchased by, or 
offered and sold at, Franchises, that meet our standards and requirements, including, without limitation, 
standards and requirements relating to product quality, prices, consistency, reliability, and customer 
relations.  You agree that the Franchise will: (1) purchase any required products or services in such 
quantities as we designate; (2) utilize such formats, formulae, and packaging for products as we prescribe; 
and (3) purchase all designated products and services only from distributors and other suppliers we have 
approved. 
 
We may approve a single distributor or other supplier (collectively “Supplier”) for any product or 
service, and may approve a supplier only as to certain products or services.  We may concentrate 
purchases with one or more suppliers to obtain lower prices or the best advertising support or services for 
any group of Cookie Advantage Businesses franchised or operated by us.  Approval of a supplier may be 
conditioned on requirements relating to the frequency of delivery, concentration of purchases, standards 
of service (including prompt attention to complaints), or other criteria, and may be temporary, pending 
our continued evaluation of the supplier from time to time.   
 
If you would like to purchase any items from any unapproved supplier, then you or the supplier 
must submit to us a written request for approval of the proposed supplier.  We have the right to inspect 
the proposed supplier’s facilities, and require that product samples from the proposed supplier be 
delivered, at our option, either directly to us, or to any independent, certified laboratory we may 
