 
 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-3-4 
[2025 FA v1F] 
The current address of each Owner for all communications under this Owners Agreement is designated on 
the signature page of this Owners Agreement.  Any party may designate a new address for notices by 
giving written notice to the other parties of the new address according to the method set forth in the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
7. 
Enforcement of This Owners Agreement. 
  
7.1 
Dispute Resolution.  Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Owners 
Agreement shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  This 
agreement to engage in such dispute resolution process shall survive the termination or expiration of this 
Owners Agreement. 
 
7.2 
Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Owners Agreement and any claim or 
controversy arising out of, or relating to, any of the rights or obligations under this Owners Agreement, 
and any other claim or controversy between the parties, will be governed by the choice of law and 
jurisdiction and venue provisions of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
7.3 
Provisional Remedies.  We have the right to seek from an appropriate court any 
provisional remedies, including temporary restraining orders or preliminary injunctions to enforce 
Owners’ obligations under this Owners Agreement.  Owners acknowledge and agree that there is no 
adequate remedy at law for Owners’ failure to fully comply with the requirements of this Owners 
Agreement.   Owners further acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any noncompliance, we will be 
entitled to temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctions and all other equitable relief that any court 
with jurisdiction may deem just and proper.  If injunctive relief is granted, Owners’ only remedy will be 
the court’s dissolution of the injunctive relief.  If the injunctive relief was wrongfully issued, Owners 
expressly waive all claims for damages they incurred as a result of the wrongful issuance. 
  
8. 
Miscellaneous. 
  
8.1 
No Other Agreements.  This Owners Agreement constitutes the entire, full and complete 
agreement between the parties, and supersedes any earlier or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, 
understandings or agreements.  There are no representations, inducements, promises, agreements, 
arrangements, or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties relating to the matters covered by this 
Owners Agreement, other than those in this Owners Agreement.  No other obligations, restrictions or 
duties that contradict or are inconsistent with the express terms of this Owners Agreement may be implied 
into this Owners Agreement.  Except for unilateral reduction of the scope of the covenants permitted in 
Section 3.3 (or as otherwise expressly provided in this Owners Agreement), no amendment, change or 
variance from this Owners Agreement will be binding on either party unless it is mutually agreed to by 
the parties and executed in writing.  Time is of the essence. 
  
8.2 
Severability.  Each provision of this Owners Agreement, and any portions thereof, will be 
considered severable.  If any provision of this Owners Agreement or the application of any provision to 
any person, property or circumstances is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or 
unenforceable, the remainder of this Owners Agreement will be unaffected and will still remain in full 
force and effect.  The parties agree that the provision found to be invalid or unenforceable will be 
modified to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, consistent as much as possible with the 
original intent of the parties (i.e. to provide maximum protection for us and to effectuate the Owners’ 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement), and the parties agree to be bound by the modified 
provisions. 
  
