 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
19 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
our home page.  You will provide us content for our Internet marketing.  We retain the right to approve 
any linking or other use of our System Website.  
We may allow you to promote your business via alternate online strategies consistent with our 
online policy as contained in our Confidential Operations Manual.  We have the right to review all online 
content on social media sites, blogs, in electronic communications, and on other online sites on which our 
trademarks are used to protect the reputation and high quality associated with our trademarks.  We may 
require you to remove any questionable usage or content involving our trademarks.  We may also require 
you to cease using our trademarks at all such sites or discontinue all use of such sites. 
Software and Computer Equipment 
You are required to purchase a computer system that consists of the following hardware and 
software (“Computer System”): (a) a personal computer running the latest Windows operating system 
(you may purchase the brand of computer of your choice) and a 15-inch or larger flat panel monitor; (b) 
Microsoft Office suite or Office 365; (c) our custom designed Cookie Advantage Business Software, 
which contains web-based order entry and billing functions; and (d) a printer, fax machine, hub-router, 
network, and wiring.     
 
We estimate the cost of purchasing the Computer System will be approximately $2,500 to $4,000.  
The Computer System will manage the daily workflow of the Cookie Advantage Business, coordinate the 
customer ordering experience, scheduling, and other information.  You must record all Gross Revenue on 
the Computer System.  You must store all data and information in the Computer System that we 
designate, and report data and information in the manner we specify.  The Computer System will generate 
reports on the Gross Revenue of your Cookie Advantage Franchise.  You must also maintain a high-speed 
Internet connection at the Cookie Advantage Business.  You must use our designated payment vendors.  
We are not required to provide you with any ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, updates, or support 
for the Computer System (See Section 3.4 of the Franchise Agreement).  You must arrange for 
installation, maintenance, and support of the Computer System at your cost.  There are no limitations in 
the Franchise Agreement regarding the costs of such required support, maintenance, repairs, or upgrades 
relating to the Computer System.      
 
The cost of maintaining, updating, or upgrading the Computer System or its components will 
depend on your repair history, costs of computer maintenance services in your area, and technological 
advances.  We estimate the annual cost will be approximately $500, but this could vary (as discussed 
above).  We may revise our specifications for the Computer System periodically.  You must upgrade or 
replace your Computer System at such time as specifications are revised.  There is no limitation on the 
frequency and cost of this obligation.   
 
We own all data generated by the Computer System concerning the Cookie Advantage Business, 
including data and customer lists stored in the Computer System and on any Internet website.  We (or our 
designee(s)) have the right to and may independently access the electronic information and data relating 
to your Cookie Advantage Franchise, and to collect and use your electronic information and data in any 
manner, including to promote the System and the sale of Cookie Advantage Franchises.  This may 
include posting financial information of each franchisee on an intranet website.  There is no contractual 
limitation on our right to receive or use information through our proprietary data management and 
intranet system.  The information collected by us about your territory with the Cookie Advantage 
Business Software will be available to you upon request, and at no cost to you; however, you will not be 
able to independently obtain this information without requesting the information from us.  We have 
