 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
25 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
expenses due to any modified or discontinued Marks, or for your expenses of promoting a modified or 
substituted trademark or service mark. 
 
 You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to 
your use of any Mark, or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or similar trade name, trademark, 
or service mark of which you become aware.  You agree not to communicate with anyone except us and 
our counsel in connection with any such infringement, challenge, or claim.  We have the right to 
exclusively control any litigation or other proceeding arising out of any actual or alleged infringement, 
challenge, or claim relating to any Mark.  You agree to sign any documents, render any assistance, and do 
any acts our attorneys say is necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation 
or proceeding related to the Marks, or to otherwise protect and maintain our interests in the Marks.  We 
agree to indemnify you against, and reimburse you for, all damages for which you are held liable in any 
trademark infringement proceeding arising out of your use of any Mark in compliance with your 
Franchise Agreement, and for all costs you reasonably incur in the defense of any such claim in which 
you are named as a party, so long as you have timely notified us of the claim, and have otherwise 
complied with your Franchise Agreement. 
We have no obligation to pursue any infringing users of our Marks.  If we learn of an infringing 
user, we will take the appropriate action, but we are not required to take any action if we do not feel it is 
warranted.  You must not directly or indirectly contest our right to the Marks.  We may acquire, develop, 
and use additional marks not listed here, and may make those marks available for your use and for use by 
other franchisees.  You may not use or register the Marks as an Internet domain name or on a website.  
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
The information in the Confidential Operations Manual is proprietary and is protected by 
copyright and other laws.  The designs contained in the Marks, the layout of our advertising materials, the 
content and format of our products, and any other writings and recordings in print or electronic form are 
also protected by copyright and other laws.  Although we have not applied for copyright registration for 
the Confidential Operations Manual, our advertising materials, the content and format of our products, or 
any other writings and recordings, we claim common law and federal copyrights in these items.  We grant 
you the right to use this proprietary and copyrighted information (“Copyrighted Works”) for the operation 
of your Cookie Advantage Franchise, but such copyrights remain our sole property. 
There are no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office or any court 
regarding the Copyrighted Works of ours, nor are there any effective agreements between us and third 
parties pertaining to the Copyrighted Works that will or may significantly limit using our Copyrighted 
Works. Our Confidential Operations Manual, electronic information and communications, sales and 
promotional materials; the development and use of our System, standards, specifications, policies, 
procedures, information, concepts, and systems on, knowledge of, and experience in the development, 
operation, and franchising of Cookie Advantage Franchises; our training materials and techniques; 
information concerning product and service sales, operating results, financial performance, and other 
financial data of Cookie Advantage Franchises; and other related materials are proprietary and 
confidential (“Confidential Information”), and are our property to be used by you only as described in the 
Franchise Agreement or the Confidential Operations Manual.  Where appropriate, certain information has 
also been identified as trade secrets (“Trade Secrets”).  You must maintain the confidentiality of our 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and adopt reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized 
disclosure of our Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. 
