 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-26 
[2025 FA v1F] 
supporting records that we may require; (3) by the day of each month that we may specify, a profit and 
loss statement for the preceding calendar month, and a year-to-date profit and loss statement and balance 
sheet; (4) within 90 days after the end of your fiscal year, a fiscal year-end balance sheet, and an annual 
profit and loss statement for that fiscal year, reflecting all year-end adjustments, prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles; and (5) such other reports as we prescribe from time to 
time.  You must specify and sign each report and financial statement required by this Section in the 
manner we prescribe.  You agree to maintain and furnish upon our request complete copies of federal and 
state income tax returns you file with the Internal Revenue Service and state tax departments, reflecting 
revenue and income of the Franchise or the corporation, partnership, or limited liability company that 
holds the Franchise.  We reserve the right to require you to have audited or reviewed financial statements 
prepared by a certified public accountant annually.  You agree, at your expense, to cause your public 
accountant and certified public accountant, if any, to consult with us concerning the records.  You agree 
to keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Revenues and all other records described 
hereunder for at least three years in the manner and form satisfactory to us. 
 
13. 
INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS 
 
13.1 
Company’s Right to Inspect the Franchise.  To determine whether you and the 
Franchise are complying with this Franchise Agreement and the standards, specifications, and operating 
procedures we prescribe for the operation of the Cookie Advantage Business or our agents have the right, 
at any reasonable time and without advance notice to you, to: (1) inspect the Cookie Advantage Business 
and Bakery; (2) observe the operations of the Cookie Advantage Business for such consecutive or 
intermittent periods as we deem necessary; (3) interview personnel of the Cookie Advantage Business; 
(4) interview customers of the Cookie Advantage Business; and (5) inspect and copy any books, records, 
and documents relating to the operation of the Cookie Advantage Business.  You agree to fully cooperate 
in connection with those inspections, observations, and interviews.  You agree to present to your 
customers any evaluation forms we periodically prescribe, and agree to participate in, and/or request your 
customers participate in, any surveys performed by or on our behalf.  Based on the results of any such 
inspections and audits and your other reports, we may provide to you such guidance and assistance in 
operating your Franchise as we deem appropriate.   
 
13.2 
Company’s Right to Audit.  We have the right during business hours, and without 
advance notice to you, to inspect and audit, or cause to be inspected and audited, the business records, 
bookkeeping and accounting records, sales and income tax records and returns, and other records of the 
Franchise, and the books and records of any corporation, limited liability company, or partnership that 
holds the Franchise.  You agree to fully cooperate with our representatives and any independent 
accountants we may hire to conduct any inspection or audit.  If the inspection or audit is necessary 
because of your failure to furnish any reports, supporting records, other information, or financial 
statements as required by this Franchise Agreement, or to furnish such reports, records, information, or 
financial statements on a timely basis, or if an understatement of Gross Revenues for any period is 
determined by an audit or inspection to be greater than two percent (2%), then you agree to pay us all 
monies owed, plus interest on the understated amount equal to the lesser of: (i) one and one-half percent 
(1.5%) per month; or (ii) the highest commercial rate allowed by law, and you shall reimburse us for the 
cost of such inspection or audit, including, without limitation, any attorney fees and/or accountants’ fees 
we may incur, and the travel expenses, room and board, and applicable per diem charges for our 
employees.  The above remedies are in addition to all our other remedies and rights under this Franchise 
Agreement or under applicable law. 
 
