 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-40 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Majeure shall give prompt notice of such Force Majeure event to the other party, which in no case shall 
be more than five (5) days after the event, setting forth the nature thereof and an estimate as to its 
duration, and the affected party shall furnish the other party with periodic reports regarding the progress 
of the Force Majeure event.  Each party must use its best efforts to mitigate the effect of the event of 
Force Majeure upon its performance of this Franchise Agreement and to fulfill its obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement.  Upon completion of the event of Force Majeure, the party affected must as soon as 
reasonably practicable recommence the performance of its obligations under this Franchise Agreement.  
An event of Force Majeure does not relieve a party from liability for an obligation which arose before the 
occurrence of the event, nor does that event affect any obligation to pay money owed under the Franchise 
Agreement or to indemnify us, whether such obligation arose before or after the Force Majeure event.  An 
event of Force Majeure shall not affect your obligations to comply with any restrictive covenants, use of 
Confidential Information or use of the Marks under this Franchise Agreement, during or after the Force 
Majeure event. 
 
17.18 Multiple Originals.  This Franchise Agreement will be executed using multiple copies, 
each of which will be deemed an original. 
 
17.19 Timing Is Important.  Time is of the essence of this Franchise Agreement.  “Time is of 
the essence” is a legal term that emphasizes the strictness of time limits.  In this case, it means it will be a 
breach of this Franchise Agreement to fail to perform any obligation within the time required or permitted 
by this Franchise Agreement. 
 
17.20 Independent Provisions.  The provisions of this Franchise Agreement are deemed to be 
severable.  In other words, the parties agree that each provision of this Franchise Agreement will be 
construed as independent of any other provision of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
17.21 Fees and Costs.  If we or you must enforce this Franchise Agreement in an arbitration or 
judicial proceeding, the substantially prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and 
expenses, including reasonable fees for attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses, costs of 
investigations and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other dispute-related 
expenses.  In addition, if you breach any term of this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us 
or an affiliate of ours, you agree to reimburse us for all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other expenses we 
incur relating to such breach, regardless of whether the breach is cured prior to the commencement of any 
dispute resolution proceedings.  If there is a mixed decision involving an award of money or money 
equivalent and equitable relief, the arbitrator or court (if applicable) will award the above fees to the party 
that it deems has substantially prevailed over the other party using reasonable business and arbitrator’s 
judgment. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to advance your share of the costs of any 
arbitration proceeding for such arbitration proceeding to take place, and by doing so will not be deemed to 
have waived or relinquished our right to seek recovery of those costs in accordance with this Section 17.9.  
If either party commences any legal action or proceeding in any court in contravention of the terms of this 
Section, that party shall pay all costs and expense that the other party incurs in the action or proceeding, 
including, without limitation, costs and attorneys’ fees as described in this Section 17.9.  
17.22 Survival.  We and you (and your owners) agree that each of the provisions of this 
Section 17 shall apply during the term of this Franchise Agreement and following the termination, 
expiration, or non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
18. 
NOTICES AND PAYMENTS 
 
All written notices, reports, and payments permitted or required under this Franchise Agreement 
or by the Confidential Operations Manual will be deemed delivered: (a) at the time delivered by hand; 
