 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-1 
[2025 FA v1F] 
COOKIE ADVANTAGE, INC. 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise Agreement”) is made and entered into by and 
between Cookie Advantage, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Franchisor”), and the 
“Franchisee” identified in Attachment 1 of this Franchise Agreement (“you,” “your,” or “Franchisee”) 
effective as of the “Effective Date” identified in Attachment 1 of this Franchise Agreement. 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION. 
 
This Franchise Agreement has been written in an informal style to make it more easily readable 
and to be sure that you become thoroughly familiar with all of the important rights and obligations the 
Franchise Agreement covers before you sign it.  This Franchise Agreement includes several attachments, 
all of which are legally binding and are an integral part of the complete Franchise Agreement.  In this 
Franchise Agreement, we refer to Cookie Advantage, Inc. as “we,” “us,” “Franchisor,” or the 
“Company.”  “We” may also include any affiliates that we may have.  We refer to you as “you” or 
“Franchisee.”  If you are a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, you will notice certain 
provisions are applicable to those principal shareholders, partners, or members on whose business skill, 
financial capability, and personal character we are relying in entering into this Franchise Agreement.  
Those individuals will be referred to in this Franchise Agreement as “Principal Owners.” 
  
Through the expenditure of considerable time, effort, and money, we and our affiliates have 
devised a system for the establishment and operation of a Cookie Advantage business model which 
provides marketing solutions to businesses to implement a customer follow-up and appreciation program 
utilizing the delivery of cookies by mail as thank you gifts, corporate gifts, or incentives for return or new 
business (all of which we refer to in this Franchise Agreement as the “System”).  This business model 
includes a bakery offering all of our franchised products and services (“Bakery”).  We identify the System 
by certain trademarks, service marks, and other commercial symbols, including the mark “Cookie 
Advantage” and certain associated designs, artwork, and logos, which we may change or add to from time 
to time (“Marks”).   
 
From time to time, we grant to persons who meet our qualifications, franchises to own and 
operate a Cookie Advantage franchise under the System in a specified geographic territory (“Territory”).  
This Franchise Agreement is being presented to you because of the desire you have expressed to obtain 
the right to develop, own, and be franchised to operate a Cookie Advantage franchise (we refer to your 
Bakery franchise as the “Franchise” or the “Cookie Advantage Business”).  In signing this Franchise 
Agreement, you acknowledge you have conducted an independent investigation of the Cookie Advantage 
Business, and recognize that, like any other business, the nature of it may evolve and change over time, 
that an investment in a Cookie Advantage Business involves business risks, and that the success of this 
business venture depends on your business abilities and efforts. 
 
You represent to us, as an inducement to our entering into this Franchise Agreement with you, 
that you made no misrepresentations to us in your application for the rights granted by this Franchise 
Agreement, or in the financial information provided by you and your owners. 
 
2. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE. 
 
2.1 
Term.  You have applied for a Franchise to own and operate a Cookie Advantage 
Business, and we have approved your application in reliance on all of the representations you made in that 
