 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-12 
[2025 FA v1F] 
The Pre-Opening Training will occur immediately prior to and immediately following the date 
that your Franchise opens.  If Franchisee, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, requires additional 
assistance after completing Pre-Opening Training, Franchisor may require Franchisee to attend 
extended Pre-Opening Training and charge Franchisee its then-current fee for such training, 
which must be paid in advance. 
 
(d) 
In addition to providing the Initial Training Program and Pre-Opening Training 
Program described above, we reserve the right to offer and hold such additional ongoing training 
programs and Franchise owners’ meetings regarding such topics and at such times and locations 
as we may deem necessary or appropriate.  We also reserve the right to make these training 
programs mandatory for you and/or designated owners, employees, and/or representatives of 
yours.  We may charge you a daily attendance fee in an amount to be set by us for each attendee 
of yours who attends any mandatory or optional training program or owners meeting or for any 
individual who attends the Initial Training Program at a different time than the first person who 
attended an Initial Training Program.  We may choose to hold an annual conference and charge 
you for an annual conference fee, regardless of whether or not you attend the annual conference, 
to help defray the cost of holding the annual conference.  It is mandatory that you attend any 
annual conference that we hold.  We may preclude you from attending an annual conference if 
you have had two notices of default within 12 months prior to any annual conference or if you are 
in default at the time of the annual conference.      
 
(e) 
You agree to pay all wages and compensation owed to, and travel, lodging, meal, 
transportation, and personal expenses incurred by, all of your personnel who attend our Initial 
Training Program and/or any mandatory or optional training we provide. 
 
(f) 
The Franchise’s Designated Manager (if any) and other employees shall obtain 
all certifications and licenses required by law to perform their responsibilities and duties for the 
Franchise. 
 
4.3 
Notice.  If you believe that we or our affiliates have failed to adequately provide any 
assistance or services to you as provided in this Franchise Agreement, you will notify us in writing within 
30 days following ours or our affiliates’ provision of such assistance or services. Without the timely 
provision of such notice to us, you will be deemed to conclusively acknowledge that all such assistance or 
services required to be provided by us or our affiliates were sufficient and satisfactory in your judgment.   
 
5. 
GUIDANCE; CONFIDENTIAL OPERATIONS MANUAL 
 
5.1 
Guidance and Assistance.  During the term of this Franchise Agreement, we may from 
time to time furnish you guidance and assistance regarding: (1)  standards, specifications, and operating 
procedures used by Franchises; (2) purchasing approved equipment, materials, and supplies; 
(3) development and implementation of local advertising and promotional programs, if any; (4) general 
operating and management procedures; (5) establishing and conducting employee training programs for 
your Franchise; and (6) changes in the above that occur from time to time.  This guidance and assistance 
will be given during our regular business hours and may, in our discretion, be furnished in bulletins, 
written reports and recommendations, operations manuals and other written materials (“Confidential 
Operations Manual”), and/or telephone consultations and/or personal consultations at our offices or your 
Cookie Advantage Business or Bakery or other methods in our discretion.  If you request, and if we agree 
to provide, any additional, special on-premises training of your personnel or other assistance in operating 
your Franchise, then you agree to pay a daily training fee in an amount to be set by us, and all expenses 
we incur in providing such training or assistance, including any wages or compensation owed to, and 
travel, lodging, transportation, and living expenses incurred by, our personnel. 
