 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-15 
[2025 FA v1F] 
shall be in addition to any other remedies we may have under this Franchise Agreement or at law, 
including termination of this Franchise Agreement as provided in Section 15. 
 
6.5 
Application of Payments and Late Reporting Fee.  When we receive a payment from 
you, we have the right, in our sole discretion, to apply it as we see fit to any past due indebtedness of 
yours due to us or our affiliates, whether for Royalties, purchases, interest, or for any other reason, 
regardless of how you may designate a particular payment should be applied.  To encourage prompt 
delivery of all business records, certificates of insurance, Gross Revenues statements, and any other 
documentation or record that may be requested by us under this Franchise Agreement, you shall pay, 
upon demand, a late report fee in the amount of $100 per month, plus interest equal to the lesser of: (i) 
one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month; or (ii) the maximum rate allowed by law, if you fail to deliver 
such record or document when due.  The $100 monthly fee is incurred and due each month until the 
report is received. 
 
6.6 
Modification of Payments.  If, by operation of law or otherwise, any fees contemplated 
by this Franchise Agreement cannot be based upon Gross Revenues, then you and we agree to negotiate 
in good faith an alternative fee arrangement.  If you and we cannot agree on an alternative fee 
arrangement, then we reserve the right to terminate this Franchise Agreement upon notice to you, in 
which case all of the post-termination obligations in Section 16 shall apply. 
 
6.7 
Method of Payment.  You must complete our automated clearing house (ACH) 
authorization form allowing us to electronically debit a bank account that you designate (“Franchise 
Account”) for: (i) all fees payable to us under this Franchise Agreement (other than the Initial Franchise 
Fee); and (ii) any other amounts that you owe to us or any of our affiliates including, but not limited to, 
those owed for the purchase of products or services.  We will debit your Franchise Account for these 
payments on or after the due date.  You must sign and deliver to us any other documents that we or your 
bank may require authorizing us to debit your Franchise Account for these amounts.  
 
We have the right to periodically specify (in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise by 
writing) different payees and/or payment methods, such as, but not limited to, weekly or monthly 
payment, payment by auto-draft, credit card, and payment by check.  If you make any payment to us by 
credit card for any fee or required payment, we may charge you a service charge of up to four percent 
(4%) of the total charge. 
6.8 
CPI Adjustment to Fixed Fees.  All fees expressed as a fixed dollar amount in this 
Franchise Agreement are subject to adjustment based on changes to the Consumer Price Index in the 
United States. We may periodically review and increase these fees based on changes to the Consumer 
Price Index (“CPI Increase”), but only if the increase to the Consumer Price Index is more than 5% higher 
than the corresponding Consumer Price Index in effect on: (a) the effective date of the Franchise 
Agreement (for the initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we implemented the last fee adjustment (for 
subsequent fee adjustments). We will notify you of any CPI adjustment at least 60 days before the fee 
adjustment becomes effective. We will implement no more than one CPI Increase during any calendar 
year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the fee adjustments in this Section shall not impact fees which we 
reserve the right to increase in higher amounts or to adjust more frequently, including but not limited to 
the Technology Fee. 
7. 
MARKS AND IMPROVEMENTS 
 
7.1 
Ownership and Goodwill of Marks.  You acknowledge your right to use the Marks is 
derived solely from this Franchise Agreement, and is limited to your operation of the Franchise under and 
in compliance with this Franchise Agreement and all standards, specifications, and operating procedures 
