 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-7 
[2025 FA v1F] 
C. 
On written notice to you if we terminate your participation in the 
National Account for your failure to comply with the written standards and 
procedures of the National Account. 
 
(i) 
Without limiting the generality of anything else contained under this Franchise 
Agreement, you agree that all insurance required by the Franchise Agreement will cover your 
activities under the National Account Customers, and will name us as an additional insured. 
 
3. 
DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF THE FRANCHISE 
 
3.1 
Site Acceptance; Lease or Purchase of Bakery. 
 
(a) 
You will use your best efforts to seek and select a proposed site for the Bakery 
within the Territory that is acceptable to us as suitable for the operation of the Franchise within 
60 days of the Effective Date.  You must submit to us, in the form we specify, a description of the 
site and such other information or materials as we may reasonably require.  Our review of these 
materials and acceptance of the proposed site is not an endorsement of the materials submitted or 
of the earnings you may make.  We will not unreasonably withhold acceptance of a site that 
meets our standards for general location, layout, and other physical characteristics for a Bakery.  
Our acceptance of a site shall not constitute, nor be deemed, a judgment or guaranty as to the 
likelihood of success of a Franchise at such location, or a judgment as to the relative desirability 
of such location in comparison to other locations within the Territory. 
 
(b) 
You must submit an approved site for the Bakery within 60 days of the Effective 
Date or we may terminate this Franchise Agreement.  You agree you will not execute a lease 
without our advance written acceptance of the lease’s terms.  The lease for the Bakery must 
permit us to take possession of the Bakery under certain conditions if this Franchise Agreement is 
terminated.  It must also contain such terms and provisions as are reasonably accepted by us, 
including, but not limited to, those provisions in the Lease Addendum attached to the Franchise 
Disclosure Document in Exhibit H. 
 
(c) 
You will assume all costs for obtaining and developing the site for your Bakery.  
 
3.2 
Prototype and Construction Plans and Specifications.  We will furnish to you 
mandatory and discretionary specifications for your Bakery’s layout, equipment, and fixtures, which may 
be in the form of actual plans for an existing or proposed Cookie Advantage Business with which we are 
involved.  It will then be your responsibility to have the plans and specifications modified to comply with 
all ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions applicable to 
the Bakery.  You must submit final construction plans and specifications to us for our review and 
acceptance before you begin construction at the Bakery, and must construct the Bakery under those 
approved plans and specifications, including any changes we require. 
 
3.3 
Development of the Franchise.  You agree to do the following at your own expense and 
according to any specification in the Confidential Operations Manual and our specifications within 90 
days of the Effective Date of this Franchise Agreement: (1) secure all financing required to fully develop 
the Franchise; (2) obtain all required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, business permits and 
licenses, and any other required permits and licenses; (3) construct the Bakery according to the 
construction plans and specifications we have approved; (4) purchase and install at your sole expense all 
required fixtures, furnishings, and equipment in the Bakery; (5) complete the training requirements 
detailed in Section 4; (6) purchase an opening inventory of products and other supplies and materials; 
(7) provide proof, in a form satisfactory to us, that your operation of the Franchise at the Approved 
