 
 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-3-5 
[2025 FA v1F] 
8.3 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Nothing in this Owners Agreement is intended to confer 
upon any person or entity (other than the parties and their heirs, successors and assigns) any rights or 
remedies under or by reason of this Owners Agreement. 
  
8.4 
Construction.  Any term defined in the Franchise Agreement which is not defined in this 
Owners Agreement will be ascribed the meaning given to it in the Franchise Agreement.  The language of 
this Owners Agreement will be construed according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against 
either party.  All words in this Owners Agreement refer to whatever number or gender the context 
requires.  If more than one party or person is referred to as you, their obligations and liabilities must be 
joint and several. Headings are for reference purposes and do not control interpretation 
  
8.5 
Binding Effect. This Owners Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each copy 
so executed and delivered will be deemed an original.  This Owners Agreement is binding on the parties 
and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors and (permitted) 
assigns. 
 
8.6 
Continuing Nature of this Owners Agreement.  This Owners Agreement shall be 
continuing and shall not be discharged, impaired or affected by:  (1) the insolvency of Franchisee or the 
payment in full of all of the obligations under the Franchise Agreement at any time; (2) the validity or 
invalidity of any of the terms of the Owners Agreement; (3) the existence or non-existence of Franchisee 
as a legal entity; (4) any statute of limitations affecting the liability of Owners or the ability of us or our 
successors or assigns to enforce this Owners Agreement; (5) the transfer or assignment of all or a portion 
of the ownership in Franchisee and/or the assets of Franchisee; (6) the execution of an owners agreement 
or any other form of guaranty by any additional direct, indirect or beneficial owner of Franchisee in favor 
of us or our successors or assigns; (7) any right of offset, counterclaim or defense of any Owner; or (8) 
the expiration, termination or assignment of the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement between 
you and us. 
 
8.7 
Successors.  References to “Franchisor” or “the undersigned,” or “you” include the 
respective parties' heirs, successors, assigns or transferees. 
 
8.8 
Nonwaiver.  Our failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this 
Owners Agreement shall not be a waiver of our right to do so. Delay or omission by us respecting any 
breach or default shall not affect our rights respecting any subsequent breaches or defaults.  All rights and 
remedies granted in this Owners Agreement shall be cumulative. 
 
8.9 
No Personal Liability.  You agree that fulfillment of any and all of our obligations written 
in the Franchise Agreement or this Owners Agreement, or based on any oral communications which may 
be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole responsibility and none of our owners, officers, 
agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be personally liable to you for any 
reason.  
 
8.10 
Owners Agreement Controls.  In the event of any discrepancy between this Owners 
Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, this Owners Agreement shall control.   
 
(Signatures on following page)
