 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-35 
[2025 FA v1F] 
Service Provider, listing agency, website operator, or any other third party, to transfer such Identifiers to 
us or our designee.  The telephone company, postal service, registrar, Internet Service Provider, listing 
agency, website operator, or any other third party may accept such direction by us pursuant to this 
Franchise Agreement as conclusive evidence of our rights to the Identifiers and our authority to direct 
their transfer. 
 
16.9. 
Possession.  In the event of any breach of this Franchise Agreement, we shall have an 
immediate right to enter and take possession of the Bakery in order to maintain continuous operation of 
the Cookie Advantage Business, to provide for orderly change of management and disposition of personal 
property, and to otherwise protect Franchisor’s interest. 
 
16.10 Professional Fees and Expenses.  Without limiting the generality of anything else 
contained herein, you will be required to reimburse us for any legal or accounting fees that we incur as a 
result of any breach or termination of your Franchise Agreement.  You must reimburse us if we are 
required to incur any expenses in enforcing our rights against you under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
17. 
ENFORCEMENT 
 
17.1 
Invalid Provisions; Substitution of Valid Provisions.  To the extent that the non-
competition provisions of Sections 9.3, 14.5, or 16.5 are void or unenforceable under Oklahoma law, but 
would be enforceable as written or as modified under the law of the state in which the Cookie Advantage 
Business is located (“Local Law”), the parties agree that Local Law shall govern any dispute concerning 
or involving the construction, interpretation, validity, or enforcement of the particular provision, but only 
with respect to that provision.   
 
We may unilaterally reduce the scope of any of the obligations in Sections 9.3, 14.5, or 16.5, 
effective upon giving notice thereof to you.  You expressly authorize us to reduce the scope of any 
covenant in order to conform it to then-currently enforceable Oklahoma or Local Law.  You expressly 
agree, on behalf of Franchisee and each Key Individual, to be bound by any such modified covenant as if 
originally stated in this Franchise Agreement. 
 
If any lawful requirement or court order of any jurisdiction: (1) requires a greater advance notice 
of the termination or non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement than is required under this Franchise 
Agreement, or taking some other action not required by this Franchise Agreement; or (2) makes any 
provision of this Franchise Agreement or any standard, specification, or operating procedure we 
prescribed invalid or unenforceable, then the advance notice and/or other action required or revision of 
the standard, specification, or operating procedure will be substituted for the comparable provisions of 
this Franchise Agreement to make the modified provisions enforceable to the greatest extent possible.  
You agree to be bound by the modification to the greatest extent lawfully permitted. 
 
17.2 
Unilateral Waiver of Obligations.  Either you or we may, by written notice, unilaterally 
waive or reduce any obligation or restriction of the other under this Franchise Agreement.  The waiver or 
reduction may be revoked for any reason on ten days’ written notice. 
 
17.3 
Written Consents from Company.  Whenever this Franchise Agreement requires our 
advance approval or consent, you agree to make a timely written request for it.  Our approval or consent 
will not be valid unless it is in writing. 
 
17.4 
Lien.  To secure your performance under this Franchise Agreement and indebtedness for 
all obligations owed and sums due us or our affiliates, we shall have a lien upon, and you grant us a 
security interest in, the following collateral and any and all attachments, accessories, additions, 
