 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
27 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
replace a Designated Manager, the new Designated Manager must satisfactorily complete our training 
program at your own expense.  The Designated Manager, if applicable, or you (or the Managing Owner if 
you are an entity), is solely responsible for your employees and the terms and conditions of their 
employment.   
 
Any Designated Manager and, if you are an entity, an officer that does not own equity in the 
franchisee entity must sign the System Protection Agreement, which is attached to this Franchise 
Disclosure Document in Exhibit H.  All of your employees, independent contractors, agents, or 
representatives that may have access to our Confidential Information must sign a Confidentiality 
Agreement (unless they already signed a System Protection Agreement), which is attached to this 
Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit H.  If you are an entity, each direct and indirect owner (i.e., 
each person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest in you) must sign an Owners Agreement 
guarantying the obligations of the entity, which is attached to the Franchise Agreement as Attachment C.  
We also require that the spouses of the Franchise owners sign the Owners Agreement.  Both the Systems 
Protection Agreement and Confidentiality Agreement contain restrictions on the use of know-how and 
Intellectual Property to the Cookie Advantage Business while maintaining the confidentiality of such 
information and prohibits unfair competition during the business relationship as well as after the 
relationship within the restricted territory for the Designated Manager.  
 
You may not employ any Designated Manager or appoint any Managing Owner who does not 
complete our Initial Training Program to our satisfaction.  If a Designated Manager’s employment with 
you is terminated, and your Managing Owner will not manage your Bakery, you must appoint a new 
Designated Manager who must successfully complete our Initial Training Program 60 days after the 
termination of the former Designated Manager, unless we do not hold an Initial Training Program during 
that 60-day period, in which case the replacement Designated Manager must attend and successfully 
complete the first available Initial Training Program held by us.  You may be charged a training fee for a 
replacement Designated Manager or Managing Owner, and the travel expenses and salary and benefits 
must be paid by you (See Item 6).  The factors used by us in determining whether you will be charged a 
training fee include the location of training, the length and type of training necessary, the costs borne by 
us in conducting the training, the replacement Designated Manager or Managing Owner’s previous 
experience and skill, and our availability.   
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must sell or offer for sale only those products and services authorized by us and those that 
meet our standards and specifications.  You must follow our policies, procedures, methods, and 
techniques.  You must sell or offer for sale all types of products and services specified by us.  We may 
change or add to our required products and services at our discretion with prior notice to you.  If we 
change or add to our required products and services, the changes or additions will remain in permanent 
effect, unless we specify otherwise.  The amount you must pay for the changes or additions will depend 
upon the nature and type of changes or additions.  You must discontinue selling and offering for sale any 
products or services that we disapprove.  We reserve the right to establish minimum and maximum resale 
prices for use with multi-area marketing programs and special price promotions in compliance with the 
law. 
 
You may only establish accounts or participate in social networking sites, crowdfunding 
campaigns or blogs subject to our online policies, which requires our prior written permission.  Our 
online policy may change to completely prohibit you from any use of the Marks in social networking sites 
or other online use.  You may not sell products through other channels of distribution such as wholesale, 
