 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
17 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
3. 
Continue to loan to you, or make available to you on our website, one copy of our 
Confidential Operations Manual.  The Confidential Operations Manual contains mandatory and suggested 
standards, specifications, operating procedures, and rules (“System Standards”).  We may modify the 
Confidential Operations Manual periodically to reflect changes in System Standards (See Section 5 of the 
Franchise Agreement). 
4. 
Issue and modify System Standards for Cookie Advantage Businesses.  These 
modifications may require you to invest additional capital in the Cookie Advantage Business and/or incur 
higher operating expenses (See Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement). 
5. 
License to you for your use, confidential and proprietary information designed to assist 
you in the operation of your Cookie Advantage Business (See Section 2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
6. 
License to you for your use, our Marks, as discussed in Item 13 (See Section 7 of the 
Franchise Agreement). 
7. 
Maintain and administer one or more websites to advertise, market, and promote Cookie 
Advantage Businesses and the products and services offered (each a “System Website”) (See Section 11.2 
of the Franchise Agreement). 
8. 
At your reasonable request, provide additional training for newly-hired personnel on the 
Cookie Advantage brand and System Standards, refresher training courses, and additional training or 
assistance that, in our discretion, you need or request at our Bixby, Oklahoma headquarters.  You must 
pay our then-current fee for additional training (currently $250 per day), plus all travel, hotel, and living 
expenses of all personnel who attend our training.  
 
9. 
Establish minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-area marketing 
programs and special price promotions (See Section 10.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
Optional Assistance 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we (or our designee(s)) may, but are not required to, 
provide the following assistance and services to you: 
1. 
Modify, update, or change the System, including the adoption and use of new or modified 
trade names, trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials, new products, new equipment, or new 
techniques. 
2. 
Make periodic visits to the Cookie Advantage Business for the purpose of assisting in all 
aspects of the operation and management of the Cookie Advantage Franchise, prepare written reports 
concerning these visits outlining any suggested changes or improvements in the operation of the Cookie 
Advantage Franchise, and detailing any problems in the operations which become evident as a result of 
any visit.  If provided at your request, you must reimburse our expenses and pay our then-current training 
charges.  
3. 
Hold periodic national or regional conferences to discuss business and operational issues 
affecting Cookie Advantage franchisees. 
4. 
Reserve the right to establish minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-
area marketing programs and special price promotions as allowed by law. 
