 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-18 
[2025 FA v1F] 
yours.  Except as expressly authorized by this Franchise Agreement, neither you nor we will make any 
express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or representations, or incur any debt in the name 
of or on behalf of the other, or represent your and our relationship is other than that of franchisor and 
franchisee. 
 
8.3 
Indemnification.  You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, any affiliates we may 
have, and our and their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns 
(individually, an “Indemnified Party,” and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), harmless against, and 
to reimburse such Indemnified Parties for, all such obligations, damages, and taxes arising out of or 
affecting (i) this Franchise Agreement or your breach thereof, (ii) your failure to make any payment 
required by this Franchise Agreement or necessitated by the operation of your Cookie Advantage 
Business; (iii) the operation of the Cookie Advantage Business or the equipment or supplies used in 
connection therewith (including the provision of services to National Account Customers), (iv) any bodily 
injury, death, or property damage, or arising out of your employment or other contractual relationship 
with you employees, workers, managers, or independent contractors, including, but not limited to, any 
allegation, claim, finding, or ruling that we are an employer or joint employer of your employees; (v) any 
other violation or injury to others or their rights or interests, or in any other manner (including any 
damages for any loss of resulting from a breach of such data caused, in whole or in part, by you or the 
Franchise), and for all costs the Indemnified Party reasonably may incur in the defense of any such claim 
brought against the Indemnified Party, or in any such action in which the Indemnified Party may be 
named as a party, including, without limitation, actual and consequential damages; reasonable attorney, 
accountants’, and/or expert witness fees; cost of investigation and proof of facts; court costs; other 
litigation expenses; and travel and living expenses.  Each Indemnified Party has the right to defend any 
such claim against the Indemnified Party.  You further agree to hold us harmless and indemnify and 
defend us for all costs, expenses, and/or losses we incur in enforcing this Franchise Agreement, defending 
our actions taken relating to this Franchise Agreement, or resulting from your breach of this Franchise 
Agreement, including, without limitation, reasonable arbitrators’ and attorney fees (including those for 
appeal).  Your indemnification obligations described above will continue in full force and effect after, and 
notwithstanding, the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement.  We will not assume any 
liability or be deemed liable for any agreements or representations you make, nor for any warranties 
unless such warranties comply with the warranties required to be offered under this Franchise Agreement, 
nor will we be obligated for any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the 
operation of the business you conduct under this Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, any 
claim arising out of your employment or other contractual relationship with your employees or 
independent contractors, whether or not caused by your negligent or willful action or failure to act.  We 
will have no liability for any sales, use, excise, income, gross receipts, property, or other taxes levied 
against you or your assets, or on us, for the business you conduct, or any payments you make to us under 
this Franchise Agreement (except for our own income taxes).   
 
8.4 
Photo/Video Release.  You acknowledge and authorize us to use your likeness in a 
photograph or video in any and all of our publications, including printed and digital publications and on 
websites.  You agree and understand that any photograph or video using your likeness will become our 
property and will not be returned.  You agree and irrevocably authorize us to edit, alter, copy, exhibit, 
publish, or distribute any photograph or video of you for any lawful purpose.  You agree and waive any 
rights to royalties or any other compensation related to our use of any photograph or video of you.  You 
agree to hold harmless and forever discharge us from all claims, demands, and causes of action which you 
may have in connection with this authorization.  For purposes of this Section, “you” shall refer to your 
owners if you are an entity. 
 
