 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-10 
[2025 FA v1F] 
(5) 
Archive Copies of Data.  You shall be solely responsible for making 
and storing your own periodic or permanent archive copies of your data.  We may, at our 
option, make and retain archive copies of any data, but we have no obligation to do so. 
 
(6) 
Enhancements.  We may periodically develop or acquire revised, 
updated, enhanced, or substitute or additional components for the Computer System, in 
which case such substitute or additional components will be deemed part of the Computer 
System.  We may charge for these upgrades.  If you must obtain new or upgraded 
computer hardware or software in order to fully utilize any substitute or additional 
component of the Computer System, you must obtain such hardware or software and 
install it within 60 days after notice from us. 
 
(7)        Support.  At your reasonable request, we will make Software support 
reasonably available to you and may be subject to our then-current fees for additional 
assistance.  Support will be given during our regular business hours and via written 
materials, electronic media, telephone, or other methods in our discretion. 
 
(8)       Privacy.  You agree to comply with all applicable laws pertaining to the 
privacy of customer, employee, and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”).  You 
also agree to comply with our standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws.  If there 
is a conflict between our standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws and actual 
applicable law, you will: (i) comply with the requirements of applicable law; (ii) 
immediately give us written notice of said conflict; and (iii) promptly and fully cooperate 
with us and our counsel in determining the most effective way, if any, to meet our 
standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws within the bounds of applicable law.  
You agree not to publish, disseminate, implement, revise, or rescind a data privacy policy 
without our prior written consent as to said policy. 
3.5 
Equipment.  You agree to use in the development and operation of the Franchise only 
those brands, types, and/or models of equipment we have approved, or that meet our specifications in the 
Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
 
3.6 
Franchise Opening.  You must open your Cookie Advantage Business within 90 days of 
the Effective Date of this Franchise Agreement.  Failure to open your Cookie Advantage Business within 
this 90-day window is a breach of the Franchise Agreement, which provides us with the right to terminate 
the Franchise Agreement.  You agree not to open the Franchise for business until: (1) we notify you in 
writing that all of your pre-opening obligations have been fulfilled; (2) you have completed the initial 
training program to our satisfaction; (3) all amounts due to us have been paid; (4) we have been furnished 
with copies of all insurance policies and certificates required by the Franchise Agreement, or other 
documentation of insurance coverage and payment of premiums we request; (5) you notify us that all 
approvals and conditions stated in this Franchise Agreement have been met; (6) you have received all 
required permits and licenses; and (7) you have ordered and received your equipment, supplies, inventory, 
and related materials.  You must be prepared to open and operate your Cookie Advantage Business 
immediately after we state your Cookie Advantage Business is ready for opening.  
 
4. 
TRAINING 
 
4.1 
Designated Manager.   The Cookie Advantage Business shall be managed by you, or if 
you are an entity, by one of your owners who is a natural person with at least a one-third (1/3) ownership 
interest and voting power in the entity (“Managing Owner”).  We may, in our sole discretion, allow you 
to appoint a designated manager (“Designated Manager”) to run the day-to-day operations of the Cookie 
