 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-2 
[2025 FA v1F] 
application.  We grant to you a Franchise to operate a Cookie Advantage Business offering all products, 
services, and proprietary programs of ours, under all elements of the System we may require for 
Franchises.  If you do not sign a Successor Franchise Agreement prior to the expiration of this current 
Franchise Agreement (see Section 2.4) and continue to accept the benefits of this Franchise Agreement 
after the expiration of this Franchise Agreement, then at our option, this Franchise Agreement may be 
treated either as: (i) expired as of the date of expiration with Franchisee then operating without a 
Franchise to do so and in violation of Franchisor’s rights; or (ii) continued on a month-to-month basis 
(“Interim Period”) until one party provides the other with written notice of such party’s intent to terminate 
the Interim Period, in which case the Interim Period will terminate 30 days after receipt of the notice to 
terminate the Interim Period.  In the latter case, all of your rights and obligations (except your right to 
enter into Successor Franchise Agreements which will be null and void) shall remain in full force and 
effect during the Interim Period as if this Franchise Agreement had not expired, and all obligations and 
restrictions imposed on you upon expiration of this Franchise Agreement shall be deemed to take effect 
upon termination of the Interim Period. 
 
You must operate the Franchise (and the Bakery) at a mutually agreeable site, and use the System 
and the Marks in the operation of the Franchise.  This Franchise Agreement shall become effective on the 
Effective Date, and shall continue until midnight on the day before the 5th anniversary of the Effective 
Date (“Term”), subject, however, to termination under this Franchise Agreement.  (All references to the 
“term” of this Franchise Agreement refer to the period from the Effective Date to the date on which this 
Franchise Agreement terminates or expires, including any Interim Periods.)   
 
2.2 
Full Term Performance.  You agree to be obligated to operate the Franchise, including 
paying the royalties and performing the obligations of this Franchise Agreement, and continuously exert 
your best efforts to promote and enhance the business of the Franchise for the full term of this Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
2.3 
Territory; Approved Location; Reference to Attachment; Reservation of Rights.  
The Franchise granted by this Franchise Agreement is limited to a single Cookie Advantage Business at 
the specific location in Attachment 1 (“Approved Location”).  The Bakery must be at the Approved 
Location.  If the Approved Location for the Bakery has not been selected and approved when this 
Franchise Agreement is signed, Attachment 1 will describe the Approved Location and Territory 
generally.  After we have approved a location for your Bakery, we will complete Attachment 1 to insert 
the specific address of that location, which will become the Approved Location and delete the general 
description.  The general description is for informational purposes only and does not grant you any 
territory rights.  We will also complete the description of the Territory at this time. Your Territory will be 
delineated by a physical description and/or an accompanying map in Attachment 1.   
 
You are granted a protected Territory.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  Except as 
permitted by this Franchise Agreement, we will not establish or license any other person or entity to 
establish a principal place of business or business address within your Territory. You may face 
competition from other Cookie Advantage franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels 
of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  For example, marketing programs and customers 
may cross over territory boundaries. 
 
  
We and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, Cookie Advantage 
Businesses at any location outside the Territory, even if doing so will or might affect the operation of 
your Cookie Advantage Business.  We retain all territory rights not expressly granted to you, for 
ourselves and our affiliates, on any terms we deem advisable, and without granting you any rights.  These 
include the right: 
 
