 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-6 
[2025 FA v1F] 
vi. 
If you do not deliver or complete the work to the satisfaction of National 
Account Customer. 
 
In any of the above instances, you will automatically be disqualified, and we may 
contract the work to another franchisee, or may provide the work itself.   
 
(c) 
You agree to accept the national account prices (“National Account Prices”) as 
set by us and disclosed to you.  We will notify you within ten business days of any changes to the 
National Account Prices and supply you with new National Account Prices.  You are responsible 
for complying with all insurance and tax requirements, even if jobs are located outside your 
Territory or state. 
 
(d) 
Your participation in the National Account is voluntary.  You may terminate 
further participation in the National Account for any reason, by completing any assigned jobs or 
jobs in-process and giving at least ten business days’ written notice to us. 
 
(e) 
You understand and agree that you must be and remain in good standing with us 
under the Franchise Agreement in order to participate in the National Account.  You agree to 
service National Account Customers when requested to do so in accordance with national account 
standards and procedures, and any terms in the contract with the National Account Customer that 
have been communicated to you.   You specifically acknowledge that we may represent to a 
National Account Customer that you will comply with terms and conditions negotiated between 
us and the National Account Customer.  
 
(f) 
You acknowledge that National Account Customers may require the execution of 
additional documents or fulfillment of additional conditions prior to providing any services.  You 
acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for review and execution of any additional 
contracts, review and execution of any documents, and/or fulfillment of additional conditions 
required by National Account Customers for the services.  
 
(g) 
You acknowledge that jobs with National Account Customers may not be 
assigned or subcontracted without written permission from us, and that your participation in the 
national account is not assignable without our express written consent. 
 
(h) 
We will pay you only upon receipt of funds from the National Account Customer 
and upon the receipt of all paperwork requested by us.  Such payment(s) will be provided to you 
promptly after receipt of funds by us from National Account Customer.  Typically, such payment 
should occur within 45-60 days after the invoice for the National Account Customer work invoice 
has been properly submitted and approved.    
 
1. 
Your right to service any National Account Customer will terminate: 
 
A. 
Automatically if the Franchise Agreement terminates, expires, or 
is not renewed; 
 
B. 
On written notice to you if we decide for any reason to terminate 
our relationship with National Account Customer or to terminate its services 
being provided by you; 
 
