 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
12 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
We estimate that approximately 40-50% of purchases and leases required to open your Cookie 
Advantage Business, and 80-90% of purchases and leases required to operate your Cookie Advantage 
Business will be under our specifications. 
We negotiate terms with suppliers, including price terms, for the benefit of franchisees. The 
discounts that we negotiate are available to all franchisees.  We do not have purchasing and distribution 
cooperatives as of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document; however, we may negotiate 
alternative purchase arrangements with suppliers and distributors of approved products for the benefit of 
our franchisees.  We have currently negotiated pricing with our mug and tumbler supplier. We reserve the 
right to receive rebates or volume discounts from our purchase of products we may resell to you, and 
from suppliers in consideration for goods or services that we require or advise you to obtain from 
approved suppliers.  We do not provide material benefits, such as renewing or granting additional 
Franchises to franchisees based on their use of designated or approved suppliers.  There are no caps or 
limitations on the maximum rebates we may receive from our suppliers as the result of franchisee 
purchases. 
Approval of New Suppliers 
We may update the list of approved suppliers in the Confidential Operations Manual.  If we have 
an approved supplier of a product or service and you desire to have a non-approved supplier of a product 
or service designated as an approved supplier, you must submit samples of the supplier’s products or 
services to us, along with a written statement describing why such items, services, or suppliers should be 
approved for use in the System.  We do not make our supplier specifications and/or standards generally 
available to franchisees or suppliers.  While we will be required to respond to a request within 60 days, 
we generally respond to a request for an additional approved supplier within seven days.  Our written 
approval must be received before you use products not purchased from an approved supplier.  We may 
revoke our approval at any time if we determine, in our discretion, that the supplier no longer meets our 
standards.  When you receive written notice of a revocation, you must stop selling any disapproved 
products, and stop purchasing from any disapproved supplier.  We reserve the right to charge for the 
reasonable costs of inspection and evaluation of the proposed product, service, or supplier which are 
estimated to be approximately $100 to $500.   
Franchisor and/or Affiliates as Approved Supplier 
We may designate ourselves (and/or our affiliates) in the future as an approved supplier, or the 
only approved supplier, from which you may or must lease or purchase certain products or services in 
developing and operating your Cookie Advantage Business.  We may derive revenue from these sales, 
and may sell these items at prices exceeding our or their costs that include a profit margin.  Our President 
and our Vice President own equity in our Affiliate, which is an approved supplier for Packaging and the 
Cookie Advantage Business Software and may be an approved supplier for additional items in the future.   
Our Affiliate is currently the only approved supplier for the Packaging and the Cookie Advantage 
Business Software.  We are currently not an approved supplier of any products or services.  During our 
last fiscal year, ended December 31, 2024, we did not derive revenue or other material consideration as a 
result of franchisees’ required purchases or leases.  During our last fiscal year, ended December 31, 2024, 
our Affiliate received $177,913.82 from the sale or lease of products or services to franchisees.  The 
revenue or other consideration received by us or our Affiliate may include promotional allowances, 
volume discounts, and other payments.    
