 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-34 
[2025 FA v1F] 
other person, firm, partnership, corporation, or other entity the names, addresses, or telephone numbers of 
any of the customers of ours, the Franchise, or any Cookie Advantage Business, except as required by 
law. 
 
16.6 
Company’s Option to Purchase the Franchise.  Upon the termination or expiration of 
the Franchise, we will have the option, but not the obligation, exercisable for 30 days upon written notice 
of you, to purchase at fair market value all of the assets of the Franchise, including all approved 
equipment, fixtures, furniture, and signs, and all supplies, materials, and other items imprinted with any 
Mark, and to take an assignment of the lease for the Bakery and any other lease or concession agreement 
necessary for the operation of the Franchise.  If you and we cannot agree on the fair market value of the 
assets of the Franchise within a reasonable time, such value shall be determined by an average of the 
appraisals of two independent appraisers, one of whom will be selected by you and one of whom will be 
selected by us.  If the appraisals differ by over ten percent (10%), then you and we will mutually agree on 
a value, or if you and we cannot agree, our appraisers will select a third appraiser whose determination of 
market value will be final.  We shall not assume any liabilities, debts, or obligations of the Franchise in 
connection with any such transfer, and you will indemnify us from any and all claims made against us 
arising out of any such transfer of the assets of the Franchise.  All parties will comply with all laws in 
connection with any such transfer, and you agree to cooperate in complying with all such requirements. 
 
The closing shall occur within 30 days after we exercise our option to purchase the assets, or such 
later date as may be necessary to comply with applicable bulk sales or similar laws.  At the closing, you 
and we both agree to execute and deliver all documents necessary to vest title in the purchased assets 
and/or real property in us free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except those assumed by us and/or 
to effectuate the lease of the Bakery.  You also agree to provide us with all information necessary to close 
the transaction. We reserve the right to assign our option to purchase the Franchise or designate a 
substitute purchaser for the Franchise.  By signing this Franchise Agreement, you irrevocably appoint us 
as your lawful attorney-in-fact regarding the matters contemplated by this Section 16.6, with full power 
and authority to execute and deliver in your name all documents required to be provided by you under this 
Section if you do not provide them in a timely and proper manner.  You also agree to ratify and confirm 
all of our acts as your lawful attorney-in-fact, and indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, 
liabilities, losses, or damages suffered by us in so doing. 
 
16.7 
Continuing Obligations.  All obligations of this Franchise Agreement (whether yours or 
ours) that expressly or by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement 
will continue in full force and effect after, and notwithstanding its expiration or termination, until they are 
satisfied in full or by their nature expire. 
 
16.8 
Identifiers.  You acknowledge that all telephone numbers, facsimile numbers, social 
media websites, Internet addresses, and email addresses (collectively “Identifiers”) used in the operation 
of your Cookie Advantage Business constitute our assets, and upon termination or expiration of this 
Franchise Agreement, you will take such action within five days to cancel or assign to us or our designee 
as determined by us, all of your right, title, and interest in and to such Identifiers, and will notify the 
telephone company and all listing agencies of the termination or expiration of your right to use any 
Identifiers, and any regular, classified, or other telephone directory listing associated with the Identifiers 
and to authorize a transfer of the same to, or at, our direction.  You agree to take all action required to 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations related to your use of the Marks.  You acknowledge 
that we have the sole rights to, and interest in, all Identifiers used by you to promote your Cookie 
Advantage Business and/or associated with the Marks. You hereby irrevocably appoint us, with full 
power of substitution, as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an 
interest, to execute such directions and authorizations as may be necessary or prudent to accomplish the 
foregoing.  You further appoint us to direct the telephone company, postal service, registrar, Internet 
