 
 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-3-2 
[2025 FA v1F] 
3. 
Covenant Not to Compete and To Not Solicit. 
  
3.1 
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation During and After the Term of the Franchise 
Agreement.  Owners acknowledge that as a participant in our system, they will receive proprietary and 
confidential information and materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures and techniques 
which we have developed.  The provisions of the Franchise Agreement governing Franchisee’s 
restrictions on competition and solicitation both during the term of the Franchise Agreement and 
following the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement are hereby incorporated into this 
Owners Agreement by reference, and Owners agree to comply with and perform each such covenant as 
though fully set forth in this Owners Agreement as a direct and primary obligation of Owners.  Further, 
we may seek the same remedies against Owners under this Owners Agreement as we may seek against 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.   
 
3.2 
Construction of Covenants.  The parties agree that each such covenant related to non-
competition and non-solicitation will be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of 
this Owners Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant referenced in this Section 3 is held 
unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in a final decision to which 
we are a party, Owners agree to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such 
covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately 
stated in and made a part of this Section 3. 
  
3.3 
Our Right to Reduce Scope of Covenants.  Additionally, we have the right, in our sole 
discretion, to unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any covenant referenced in this Section 3 of 
this Owners Agreement, without Owners’ consent (before or after any dispute arises), effective when we 
give Owners written notice of this reduction.  Owners agree to comply with any covenant as so modified. 
 
4. 
Continuing Guarantee. 
  
4.1 
Payment.  Owners will pay us (or cause us to be paid) all monies payable by Franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the future on the dates and in the manner required for 
payment in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.2 
Performance.  Owners unconditionally guarantee full performance and discharge by 
Franchisee of all of Franchisee’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the future 
on the date and times and in the manner required in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.3 
Indemnification.  Owners will indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, all of our 
affiliates, and the respective shareholders, directors, partners, employees, and agents of such entities, 
against and from all losses, damages, costs, and expenses which we or they may sustain, incur, or become 
liable for, whether now or in the future, by reason of: (a) Franchisee’s failure to pay the monies payable 
(to us or any of our affiliates) pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, or to do and perform any other act, 
matter, or thing required by the Franchise Agreement; or (b) any action by us to obtain performance by 
Franchisee of any act, matter, or thing required by the Franchise Agreement. 
  
4.4 
No Exhaustion of Remedies.  Owners acknowledge and agree that we will not be 
obligated to proceed against Franchisee or exhaust any security from Franchisee or pursue or exhaust any 
remedy, including any legal or equitable relief against Franchisee, before proceeding to enforce the 
obligations of the Owners as guarantors under this Owners Agreement, and the enforcement of such 
obligations can take place before, after, or contemporaneously with, enforcement of any of Franchisee’s 
debts or obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
