 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
26 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
We will disclose parts of the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets to you as we deem 
necessary or advisable for you to develop your Cookie Advantage Franchise during training and in 
guidance and assistance furnished to you under the Franchise Agreement, and you may learn or obtain 
from us additional Confidential Information and Trade Secrets during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement.  The Confidential Information and Trade Secrets are valuable assets of ours and are disclosed 
to you on the condition that you and your owners if you are a business entity, and employees agree to 
maintain the information in confidence by entering into a confidentiality agreement we can enforce.  
Nothing in the Franchise Agreement will be construed to prohibit you from using the Confidential 
Information or Trade Secrets in the operation of other Cookie Advantage Franchises during the term of 
the Franchise Agreement. 
All ideas, concepts, techniques, or materials concerning a Cookie Advantage Business, whether 
or not they are protected intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your owners or 
employees, must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property, 
part of the Cookie Advantage Business System, and works-made-for-hire for our use.  To the extent that 
any item does not qualify as a “work-made-for-hire” for us, you must assign ownership of that item, and 
all related rights to that item, to us and must take whatever action, including executing an assignment 
agreement or other documents, that we request to show our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual 
property rights in the subject item(s). 
You must notify us within three days after you learn about another’s use of language, a visual 
image, or a recording of any kind, that you perceive to be identical or substantially similar to one of our 
Copyrighted Works or use of our Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, or if someone challenges 
your use of our Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets.  We will take whatever 
action we deem appropriate, in our sole and absolute discretion, to protect our rights in and to the 
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets, which may include payment of 
reasonable costs associated with the action.  However, the Franchise Agreement does not require us to 
take affirmative action in response to any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any 
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets, or claim by any person of any rights in 
any Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets.  You must not directly or indirectly 
contest our rights to our Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets.  You may not 
communicate with anyone except us, our counsel, or our designees regarding any infringement, challenge, 
or claim.  We will act as we deem appropriate regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim, and the 
sole right to control exclusively any litigation or other proceeding arising out of any infringement, 
challenge, or claim under any Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade Secrets.  You must 
sign any and all instruments and documents, give the assistance, and do acts and things that may, in the 
opinion of our counsel, be necessary to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation or proceeding, 
or to protect and maintain our interests in the Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information, or Trade 
Secrets.  No patents or patents pending are material to us at this time. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
The Cookie Advantage Business shall be managed by you, or if you are an entity, by one of your 
owners who is a natural person with at least a one-third ownership interest and voting power in the entity 
(“Managing Owner”).  We may, in our sole discretion, allow you to appoint a designated manager 
(“Designated Manager”) to run the day-to-day operations of the Cookie Advantage Business.  The 
Designated Manager must successfully complete our training program (See Item 11).  We may require 
that the Designated Manager have an ownership interest in the legal entity of the franchisee.  If you 
