 
 
{00182647.DOC. } 
C-37 
[2025 FA v1F] 
17.9 
Dispute Resolution.     
 
(a) 
Mediation.  Except as otherwise provided in this Franchise Agreement, any 
claim or controversy arising out of or related to this Franchise Agreement, or the making, 
performance, breach, interpretation, or termination thereof, shall first be subject to non-binding 
mediation in the city closest to our principal place of business (currently Bixby, Oklahoma).  
Mediation shall not defer or suspend our exercise of any termination right under Section 15.  
Non-binding mediation hereunder shall be concluded within 60 days of the issuance of the 
request, or such longer period as may be agreed upon by the parties in writing (“Mediation 
Termination Date”).  All aspects of the mediation process shall be treated as confidential, shall 
not be disclosed to others, and shall not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding or legal 
action whatsoever.  The parties shall bear their own costs of mediation, and shall share equally in 
the cost of the mediator or mediation service.  No arbitration or other proceeding may be 
commenced on any claim prior to the Mediation Termination Date, as defined above, whether or 
not the mediation has been commenced.  Mediation under this Section is not intended to alter or 
suspend the rights or obligations of the parties under this Franchise Agreement (including 
termination under Section 15) or to determine the validity or effect of any provision of this 
Franchise Agreement, but is intended to furnish the parties an opportunity to resolve disputes 
amicably, expeditiously, and in a cost-effective manner on mutually acceptable terms.  The non-
binding mediation provided for hereunder shall be commenced by the party requesting mediation 
giving written notice of the request for mediation to the party with whom mediation is sought.  
The request shall specify with reasonable particularity the matters for which non-binding 
mediation is sought.  Non-binding mediation hereunder shall be conducted by a mediator or 
mediation program designated by us in writing.  We shall make the designation within a 
reasonable time after issuance of the request. 
 
(b) 
Arbitration.  Except as provided in Section 17.9(c), all controversies, disputes, 
or claims arising between us, our affiliates, and our and their respective owners, officers, 
directors, agents, and employees (in their representative capacity) and you (and your owners and 
guarantors) arising out of or related to: (1) this Franchise Agreement, any provision thereof, or 
any related agreement (except for any lease or sublease with us or any of our affiliates); (2) the 
relationship of the parties hereto; (3) the validity of this Franchise Agreement or any related 
agreement, or any provision thereof; or (4) any standard, specification, or operating procedure 
relating to the establishment or operation of the Franchise, not settled by informal negotiations or 
non-binding mediation as set forth in Section 17.9(a) above, shall be submitted for arbitration to 
be administered by the office of the American Arbitration Association, or other arbitration service 
acceptable to us in our sole discretion.  Such arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the city 
closest to our principal place of business (currently, Bixby, Oklahoma), and, except as otherwise 
provided in this Franchise Agreement, shall be conducted in accordance with then-current 
commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association.  In any arbitration 
proceeding, each party will submit or file any claim that would constitute a compulsory 
counterclaim as defined by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure within the same proceeding as 
the claim it relates to.  Any claim that is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred.  The 
parties shall be entitled to conduct discovery of the types provided by the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure to the extent deemed reasonably necessary by the arbitrator(s) consistent with the 
expedited nature of arbitration, and the arbitrator(s) may impose the sanctions of those rules for 
noncompliance.  The fees of, and authorized costs incurred by, the arbitrator will be shared 
equally by the parties, and each party will bear all of its own costs of arbitration; provided, 
however, that the arbitration decision will provide that the substantially prevailing party will 
recover from the other party its actual costs and expenses incurred in connection with the dispute. 
The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in his award any relief that he or she deems 
