 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
23 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
rules and regulations that we put into place, including those described in the Franchise Agreement. If we 
or another party are providing services or products to a National Account customer in your Territory, you 
will not receive any compensation related to these services or products. 
 
 
We reserve the exclusive right to negotiate and enter into agreements with National Account 
customers to provide services wherever such businesses are located, including within your Territory.  For 
National Accounts in your Territory: (a) If the customer requests CAI or another franchisee, they will 
handle services within your area; (b) Otherwise, you have the first right of refusal to accept the work for 
five business days. You may not serve National Accounts without our prior written consent, given at our 
discretion.   
 
If we receive any orders through any alternative distribution channels for delivery within your 
Territory, we will offer that order to you.  If you decline or are unable to fill the order, we reserve the 
right to fulfill it, directly or indirectly, without compensation to you.  
 
You are prohibited from directly or indirectly soliciting sales or accepting orders from customers 
and/or consumers who are located outside of your Territory; provided, however, if such sales/orders are 
for a National Account, you must comply with our National Account rules and regulations.  You may not 
sell products through other channels of distribution such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or 
other direct marketing firms to make sales outside your Territory.  Neither we nor any franchisee is 
required to pay any compensation to any other franchisee for such sales or orders.  We do not pay you for 
soliciting or accepting orders within your Territory. 
 
The continuation of the Territory is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales 
volume, market penetration, or other contingency.   
 
If you wish to purchase an additional Cookie Advantage Franchise, you must apply to us and we 
may, at our discretion, offer an additional Franchise to you.  We consider a variety of factors when 
determining whether to grant additional Franchises.  Among the factors we consider, in addition to the 
then-current requirements for new Cookie Advantage franchisees, are whether the franchisee is in 
compliance with the requirements under their current franchise agreement.  You do not receive the right 
to acquire additional Cookie Advantage Franchises within the Territory.  You are not given a right of first 
refusal on the sale of existing Cookie Advantage Franchises. 
 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of our rights within your Territory.  The 
continuation of the Territory is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales volume, market 
penetration or other contingency (other than complying with the terms of the Franchise Agreement).  We 
will not be required to pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your Territory, 
including any delivery orders accepted or solicited by other Cookie Advantage franchisees. 
 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
The Franchise Agreement and your payment of Royalties grant you the non-exclusive right and 
license to use the System, which includes the use of the proprietary Marks.  You may also use other future 
trademarks, service marks, and logos we approve to identify your Cookie Advantage Franchise.  
The Marks and the System are owned by us.  We have registrations with the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) for the following Marks: 
 
