 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-2 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
STATE ADDENDA AND AGREEMENT RIDERS 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS,  
AND FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR CERTAIN STATES FOR 
COOKIE ADVANTAGE, INC. 
  
The following modifications are made to the Cookie Advantage, Inc. (“Franchisor,” “us,” “we,” 
or “our”) Franchise Disclosure Document (“FDD”) given to franchisee (“Franchisee,” “you,” or “your”) 
and may supersede, to the extent then required by valid applicable state law, certain portions of the 
Franchise Agreement between you and us dated _________________________, 20___ (“Franchise 
Agreement”).  When the term “Franchisor’s Choice of Law State” is used, it means Oklahoma.  When 
the term “Supplemental Agreements” is used, it means none. 
 
 
Certain states have laws governing the franchise relationship and franchise documents.  Certain 
states require modifications to the FDD, Franchise Agreement and other documents related to the sale of a 
franchise.  This State-Specific Addendum (“State Addendum”) will modify these agreements to comply 
with the state’s laws.  The terms of this State Addendum will only apply if you meet the requirements of 
the applicable state independently of your signing of this State Addendum.  The terms of this State 
Addendum will override any inconsistent provision of the FDD, Franchise Agreement or any 
Supplemental Documents.  This State Addendum only applies to the following states:  California, Hawaii, 
Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Rhode Island, 
South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. 
 
If your state requires these modifications, you will sign this State Addendum along with the 
Franchise Agreement and any Supplemental Agreements.   
 
CALIFORNIA 
 
 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the 
commissioner. 
 
 
The California Franchise Investment Law requires a copy of all proposed agreements relating to 
the sale of the Franchise be delivered together with the FDD 14 days prior to execution of agreement.   
 
 
California Corporations Code Section 31125 requires us to give to you an FDD approved by the 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation before we ask you to consider a material modification 
of your Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement contains provisions requiring binding arbitration with the costs being 
awarded to the prevailing party.  The arbitration will occur in Oklahoma.  Prospective franchisees are 
encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws 
(such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the 
Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of the Franchise Agreement restricting venue to a forum 
outside the State of California.  The Franchise Agreement contains a mediation provision.  If so, the 
parties shall each bear their own costs of mediation and shall share equally the filing fee and the 
mediator’s fees.  
 
 
The Franchise Agreement requires the application of the laws of Oklahoma.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under California law. 
 
