 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
15 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
4. 
Identify Operating Assets, Equipment, opening inventory, signs, fixtures, and other 
products and supplies, you must use to develop and operate your Cookie Advantage Business, which 
conform to the standards and specifications described in the Confidential Operations Manual, and may 
exist in various parts, locations, and formats, and include a combination of audio, video, written material, 
electronic media, website content, and/or software components (See Sections 3.2 and 5 of the Franchise 
Agreement).  Identification and assistance provided by us is typically via the Confidential Operations 
Manual.  We do not directly provide assistance with the above items, including the delivery and 
installation of any items to you, unless disclosed in this Item and/or you specifically request such 
assistance and we agree to your request.  
5. 
Establish minimum standards and specifications that you must use and satisfy in the 
development of and operation of your Cookie Advantage Business, including identifying the designated 
and approved suppliers, if any, that you are required to purchase and/or lease items from for your Cookie 
Advantage Business (See Sections 3 and 5 of the Franchise Agreement).  Designated and approved 
supplier information will be issued to you and updated in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
6 
Loan to you, or make available to you on our website, one copy of our Confidential 
Operations Manual, the current table of contents of which is attached to this Franchise Disclosure 
Document as Exhibit E.  As of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document, the Confidential 
Operations Manual contains approximately 205 pages (See Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement). 
7. 
Provide an initial training program (the “Initial Training Program”) at our headquarters 
which is currently in Bixby, Oklahoma, in your territory, or another location we designate, to you (or the 
managing owner if you are an entity) and your designated manager (if any), and any employees we 
designate (See Section 4.2 of the Franchise Agreement).   
8. 
Provide pre-opening assistance and pre-opening training to you (or the managing owner 
if you are an entity) and your designated manager (if any) (“Pre-Opening Training Program”) for 
approximately four days at your Bakery.  The Pre-Opening Training Program will occur immediately 
prior to and immediately following the opening date of your Bakery (See Section 4.2 of the Franchise 
Agreement). 
We do not provide the above services to renewal franchisees and may not provide all of the above 
services to franchisees that purchase existing Cookie Advantage Businesses. 
Site Selection 
 
You must select the site for your Bakery subject to our approval.  The factors we consider in 
approving sites include the general location, layout, size, population and other factors that are relevant to 
your market.  You may not relocate your Bakery without our prior written consent.  We will approve or 
deny a site for your Bakery within ten days after you give us written notice of your chosen site (See 
Sections 3 of the Franchise Agreement).  If we disapprove of a proposed site, you must select another site, 
subject to our consent.  We do not select a site for your Bakery.  We do not provide assistance with 
conforming your Bakery to local ordinances and building codes, obtaining any required permits, and/or 
constructing, remodeling or decorating your Bakery.  We do not generally own the premises for the 
Bakery and lease them to you. 
You must submit to us, in the form we specify, a description of the site and such other 
information or materials as we may reasonably require.  We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if 
you do not submit an approved site within 60 days of the date of the Franchise Agreement, or we cannot 
