 
 
{00182681.DOC. } 
G-6 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
other than for compensation for services rendered by us, unless the rebate is properly accounted 
for and submitted to you. 
 
Item 17 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes it unlawful for us to unilaterally terminate your Franchise 
Agreement unless there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not 
in bad faith. 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits us to require you to agree to a prospective general release of 
claims subject to the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.r. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
 
No competing business for two (2) years within the Territory. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.t. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, you do not waive any right under the 
Indiana Statutes with regard to prior representations made by us. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.v. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Litigation regarding Franchise Agreement in Indiana; other litigation in Franchisor’s Choice of 
Law State.  This language has been included in this Franchise Disclosure Document as a 
condition to registration. The Franchisor and the Franchisee do not agree with the above language 
and believe that each of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, including all venue 
provisions, is fully enforceable. The Franchisor and the Franchisee intend to fully enforce all of 
the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and all other documents signed by them, including but 
not limited to, all venue, choice of law, arbitration provisions and other dispute avoidance and 
resolution provisions and to rely on federal pre-emption under the Federal Arbitration Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.w. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Indiana law applies to disputes covered by Indiana franchise laws; otherwise Franchisor’s Choice 
of Law State law applies.  
 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and 
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, 
or Franchisor’s Choice of Law State law, if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. 
 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the Franchise 
without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined under law as including any material 
breach of the Franchise Agreement, will supersede the provisions  of the Franchise Agreement 
relating to termination for cause, to the extent those provisions may be inconsistent with such 
prohibition. 
 
3. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement that would require you to prospectively assent to a 
release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any person from 
