20 
19.5
Franchisee will submit to Franchisor for its prior written consent all advertising, marketing 
and promotional programs and materials intended to be used by Franchisee which have not 
been prepared or previously approved by Franchisor.  Franchisee will not begin using such 
programs or materials until they have been approved by Franchisor.  Any programs or 
materials previously approved shall continue to be deemed approved by Franchisor unless 
Franchisee is otherwise notified by Franchisor.   
19.6
Franchisee shall not establish or maintain, or have established or maintained on its behalf, 
either alone or with others, a mobile application making use of or otherwise related to the 
Trademarks, Concept, Proprietary Rights, or operation of the ProColor Collision Center.  
Franchisee shall not make use of the Trademarks or any variation of them in any keyword 
advertising, pay-per-click advertising or other search engine marketing, unless approved 
in writing by Franchisor prior to such use.  
20.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
20.1
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor, or any of its related companies, is the owner of 
the Proprietary Rights and all goodwill attaching to them, and that Franchisor has the right 
to itself use and to grant to others the right to use the Proprietary Rights. Franchisee will 
not assert the invalidity or contest the ownership in the Proprietary Rights or any 
registration of them. 
20.2
Neither this Agreement nor the operation of the ProColor Collision Center will in any way 
give or be deemed to give to Franchisee any interest in the Proprietary Rights, except for 
its right to use same in connection with the conduct of the ProColor Collision Center in 
strict compliance with this Agreement and mandatory provisions of the Operations Manual. 
Any unauthorized use of the Proprietary Rights by Franchisee will constitute an 
infringement of the owner’s rights in and to the Proprietary Rights. 
20.3
In addition, Franchisee agrees as follows: 
20.3.1
immediately upon the request by Franchisor, Franchisee will sign and deliver to 
Franchisor any document and do anything required by Franchisor to confirm any 
of its related companies’ ownership of the Proprietary Rights, maintain their 
validity, obtain, maintain or renew any registration of them and comply with any 
applicable trade name, trade mark or other intellectual property legislation; 
20.3.2
Franchisee will affix in a conspicuous location in or upon the Premises, a sign 
containing the following notice or any variation of it required by Franchisor:  
“This ProColor Collision center is owned and operated by COMPANY NAME, a 
licensee of the trade mark “ProColor Collision” which is owned by Mondofix Inc.; 
20.3.3
Franchisee will not use the Trademarks or any variation of them as part of its 
corporate, firm or business name, nor will Franchisee hold out or otherwise use 
the Trademarks together with the performance of any activity, or so as to incur 
any obligation or indebtedness, in any manner which might make Franchisor or 
any of its related companies liable for it; 
