ProColor Collision 
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025) 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM 
AS REQUIRED BY 
THE ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT OF 1987 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ProColor Collision USA LLC 
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and 
apply to all ProColor Collision franchises offered and sold in the State of Illinois: 
1. 
Notwithstanding the fact that the Franchise Agreement requires that the Agreement 
be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota, to the extent required by Rule 200.608 of the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Laws, the Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Illinois. 
2. 
Section 19 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act sets forth the conditions and 
notice requirements for termination of a franchise agreement. 
3. 
Section 20 of the Illinois Franchise Act sets forth the conditions of non-renewal of 
a franchise agreement, along with the compensation requirements. 
4. 
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any 
provision in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the 
State of Illinois is void.  However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place 
outside of Illinois.” 
5. 
Any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring a 
franchise to waive requirements with any provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or 
any other law of the State of Illinois is void.  This shall not prevent any person from entering into 
a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed 
under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of 
any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United States Code. 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise.   
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met 
independently without reference to this Addendum. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
