23 
insuring Franchisee and its officers, directors, agents and employees, from any and all loss, 
liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever resulting from the use, 
operation or maintenance of the vehicle; (iv) GAP insurance covering the total loan 
amount.  If offered, Franchisee will also have adequate uninsured motorist insurance 
coverage.  To the extent Franchisee is not required to lease the vehicles it uses in the 
operation of the ProColor Collision Center from Franchisor, or for any other automobiles 
or vehicles owned or used by Franchisee or any of its employees (including automobiles 
owned or leased by any of Franchisee’s employees) in connection with the ProColor 
Collision Center and not leased from Franchisor, Franchisee must purchase and maintain 
vehicle/automobile insurance coverage that meets the foregoing minimum requirements. 
21.4
Property Insurance, Fire and Extended Coverage.  Franchisee must purchase and 
maintain “all risks” property insurance coverage, which must include fire and extended 
coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief coverage, garage keepers’ coverage for the 
ProColor Collision Center, inventory, machinery and equipment Franchisee own or lease 
for the ProColor Collision Center, including flood, earthquake, sewer-backup, and boiler 
and machinery coverage.  Franchisee’s property insurance policy (including fire and 
extended coverage) must have coverage limits of at least “replacement” value plus any 
leasehold improvements or other additions, improvements, personal property, and 
equipment. 
21.5
Umbrella Liability Coverage.  Franchisee must purchase and maintain umbrella liability 
insurance with a minimum coverage amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) that will 
provide additional liability insurance coverage for any liability incurred by Franchisee in 
excess of the primary liability insurance coverage you carry under Franchisee’s general 
liability insurance, auto vehicle liability insurance, and employer’s liability insurance 
policies. 
21.6
Worker’s Compensation Insurance.  Franchisee must purchase and maintain worker’s 
compensation insurance covering Franchisee’s employees who are injured in the course of 
employment, as well as Franchisee’s liability insurance having primary limits of One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease per employee, One Million 
Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease in aggregate, and One Million 
Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by accident. 
21.7
Environmental Liability Insurance.  Franchisee must purchase and maintain 
environmental liability insurance in an amount no less than One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000) per claim and in the annual aggregate covering Franchisee for garage 
operation and premises exploitation and activities under this Agreement.  This insurance 
shall cover pollution conditions resulting from the Services furnished by you during the 
policy period that result in bodily injury or property damage, or which necessitate clean-
up, remediation, or rehabilitation of property. 
21.8
 Other Insurance.  The insurance coverage Franchisee is required to obtain under this 
Agreement only describes the minimum insurance Franchisor requires Franchisee to 
obtain.  It is Franchisee’s obligation to determine whether it needs to carry other insurance, 
or higher levels of insurance either by law or because of the nature of Franchisee’s business 
