ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
14 
Sales.  This fee is due on the 15th day of the month following the issuance by us of 
the quarterly report of your purchases. 
Note 7. 
The Insurers Account will only apply if you engage in insurance work. We do not 
currently but may negotiate volume rebates and other consideration which are to be 
paid by you to certain insurance companies (see Item 16). Accordingly, you must 
pay to these insurance companies the volume rebates or other consideration we 
require which are to be calculated using the formula negotiated by us based on the 
corresponding volume of business obtained by you from that insurance company 
or other criteria as we may establish, or we may deduct these amounts from any 
remittance paid to us by the insurance companies.  These volume rebates or other 
consideration would typically be 1-5% of the payment received for the work but 
can be greater in some instances. Upon termination, expiration, or nonrenewal of 
your Franchise Agreement, we will pay all amounts owing to you out of these 
Insurers Account, but we will retain $15,000 as a deposit to be used by us to honor 
any warranties or unpaid amounts that you owe to us or others for 18 months. 
Note 8. 
You must participate in our National Warranty Program and warrant the products 
and services provided by your ProColor Collision Center to customers in 
accordance with the policies and procedures we specify (see Item 16). Before 
honoring a warranty issued to a customer, every ProColor Collision franchisee must 
prepare an estimate of the services required and submit it to us for prior approval.  
If upon receipt of an invoice for warranty service over $100 from another ProColor 
Collision franchisee having honored a warranty issued by you, we will invoice you 
for the service.  You must pay the invoice no later than on the 15th day of the 
following month. We may deduct any of these amounts from any payment to be 
made to you out of the Insurers Account. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
