ProColor Collision USA LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
11
On March 13, 2023, the Company received a capital contribution of $600,000 from its parent company in payment
for the promissory note receivable recorded as at December 31, 2022.
During 2023, the Company received additional capital contributions for a total net amount of $275,000.
7. Related party transactions
In the normal course of its operations, the Company enters into transactions with related parties, including
companies owned and controlled by the same shareholders of the ultimate parent company. All transactions are
measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount of consideration determined and agreed to by the related
parties. Significant transactions between related parties not disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements are
as follows:
2024
2023
$
$
Direct operating expenses with the ultimate parent company
20,373
3,643
Contributions received from a company under common control
4,135
!
The accounts receivable from a company under common control and the accounts payable and accrued liabilities
to the ultimate parent company are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.
The advances to the parent company and to/from companies under common control are non-interest bearing and
are not repayable before January 1, 2026.
8. Income taxes
The Company did not account for any current or deferred income taxes given its current and historical tax losses.
9. Financial instruments
Fair values
The carrying values of cash, cash in trust or otherwise reserved, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
accrued liabilities and amounts to be remitted to franchisees approximates their respective fair values due to their
immediate or short term to maturity.
The carrying values of advances to the parent company and to/from companies under common control
approximates their respective fair values due to their terms and conditions.
Financial risks
The Company is exposed to various financial risks through transactions in financial instruments. The following
provides information in assessing the extent of the Company’s exposure to these risks.
