ProColor Collision USA LLC 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
8 
Contributions received from franchisees for various services consist of items such as initial fees charged to new 
franchisees, the sale of promotional items to franchisees, contributions from franchisees to marketing and 
administrative initiatives and other. These revenues are recognized when earned and services have been 
rendered. Revenue from initial fees for the license are deferred and recognized over the related license term. 
 
Government assistance 
Government assistance or grants are recorded in income as a credit to the related expenditure when they can be 
reasonably estimated, and the collection is reasonably assured.  
 
Income taxes 
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events 
that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and 
the tax bases of the assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the temporary 
differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded if, based on the 
weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be 
realized. As at and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred losses for which a 
full valuation allowance was recorded.  
 
The Company is a member of a group, consisting of its parent company and other companies under common 
control that files its income tax return on a consolidated basis. Current and deferred income taxes are allocated to 
the Company as if it were a separate taxpayer. Any tax effect of the Company’s operating activity is passed to its 
parent company for equal consideration if the tax effect can be realized using the consolidated approach. 
 
Comprehensive income (loss) 
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income (loss) is defined 
as the change in shareholders’ equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from 
non-owner sources. Comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is the same as the 
Company’s net loss. 
 
Recent accounting pronouncement adopted in fiscal 2023 
From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board 
[“FASB”] or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless 
otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective 
will not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
 
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses [Topic 326]: Measurement 
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.” The new guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology 
in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader 
range of reasonable and supportable information to inform financial statement users of credit loss estimates. The 
Company adopted ASU 2016-13 in fiscal 2023 and this did not have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 
