37 
with the carrier, (iii) if delivered personally, when delivered by hand, or (iv) if emailed, on the day 
of delivery or transmission, as the case may be, if a business day, or if not a business day, on the 
business day next following the day of delivery or transmission. 
29.6
Failure by either party to take action against the other will not affect its right to require full 
performance of this Agreement at any time thereafter.  The waiver by either party of the 
breach of any term of this Agreement by the other will not operate or be interpreted as a 
waiver of any subsequent breach by such party.  No term of this Agreement will be deemed 
to have been waived by either party unless such waiver is in writing. 
29.7
Franchisee hereby consents to Franchisor obtaining, using and disclosing to third parties 
(including, without limitation, prospective franchisees, financial institutions, legal and 
financial advisors), for any purpose or as may be required by law, any financial or other 
information contained in or resulting from information, data, materials, statements and 
reports received by Franchisor or disclosed to Franchisor in accordance with this 
Agreement. 
29.8
This Agreement, the documents referred to in it or attached to this Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersede 
all prior discussions, negotiations and agreements.  No amendment of, change to or 
variance from this Agreement will be binding on either party unless in writing and signed 
by the parties, except (a) modifications of the Operations Manual which will be made solely 
by Franchisor; and (b) any amendments or modifications signed by Franchisor and by at 
least eighty percent (80%) of the ProColor Collision centers in operation as of the date of 
the modification (including in such total future agreements that contain such amended or 
modified provisions) will be binding on Franchisee without Franchisee’s signature or 
assent.  Nothing in this or any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations 
we made in the latest Franchise Disclosure Document that we furnished to you. 
29.9
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Minnesota, provided, however, that if Franchisee is not organized under the laws 
of Minnesota, and the Premises are not located in Minnesota, then the Minnesota 
Franchises Act will not apply to this Agreement.   
29.10 Time will be of the essence of each and every part of this Agreement. 
29.11 Any provision of this Agreement which requires or contemplates performance following 
the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive such termination or 
expiration. 
29.12 Because complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions may not be 
possible or practical, Franchisor specifically reserves the right and privilege, at its sole 
discretion and as it may deem in the best interests of all concerned in any specific instance, 
to vary standards for any franchise owner based upon the peculiarities of a particular site 
or circumstance, density of population, business potential, population of trade area, existing 
business practices or any other condition which Franchisor deems to be of importance to 
the successful operation of such franchise owner’s business.  Franchisee shall not complain 
on account of any variation from standard specifications and practices granted to any other 
