ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
34 
training fee.  In such case, you must authorize and appoint us as your attorney-in-fact, to direct 
CCC ONE to transfer and transition all of your CCC ONE accounts to ensure your access for use 
in the operation of your ProColor Collision Center after conversion.  The ongoing subscription fee 
for the ProColor CCC ONE Package is currently $1,200 per month for the first user. Additional 
users are $110 per month per user thereafter. You must pay all of these amounts directly to us.  
The minimum contract term for the ProColor CCC ONE Package is 36 months.  
As part of the ProColor CCC ONE Package, you are also required to subscribe for at least 3 
insurance mailboxes, which is a direct connection with insurers and claim providers. The ongoing 
subscription fee for these insurance mailboxes is $160 per month for 3 to 5 insurance mailboxes, 
and $215 per month for 6 or more insurance mailboxes.  
Your computer will also require Microsoft Office to create and review documents, anti-virus 
software, and accounting software that meets our specifications.  Some of the software will come 
preinstalled on a computer.  For programs that are not preinstalled, you will need to purchase them 
and install them on your computer.  The cost for Microsoft Office and anti-virus software is 
approximately $1,000 if they are not already preinstalled on your computer.  You are also required 
to obtain at least 1 Office 365 email account for you to use in the operation of your ProColor 
Collision Center franchise. The cost of the email address varies based on the level obtained, with 
the lowest incurring a monthly cost of $6.30, see Item 6 for additional information.  We 
recommend QuickBooks or QuickBooks Online for the accounting software, which costs 
approximately $300 to $500 for QuickBooks or $25 to $150 per month for QuickBooks Online.  
These amounts are paid directly to vendors.   
Ongoing Maintenance and Use 
You must renew most of these licenses on a yearly basis, and the ProColor CCC ONE Package as 
required by the designated vendor. Neither we, nor any of our affiliates are obligated to provide 
you with ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to the technology discussed above.  
We anticipate that you will be required to upgrade or update your technology during the term of 
the franchise, and there are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of the obligation.  
Neither we, nor any of our affiliates have any contractual obligation to upgrade or update any of 
your hardware or software during the term of this franchise. 
You must have access to the Internet and maintain an email account that allows us to communicate 
with you on a regular basis.  We can independently access your electronic information and data 
and collect and use this electronic information and data in any manner we choose without any 
compensation to you.  There is no contractual limitation on our right to receive or use information 
we obtain from you.   
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
