38 
franchise owner and shall not be entitled to require Franchisor to grant to Franchisee a like 
or similar variation.   
29.13 Franchisee agrees that it will not, on grounds of the alleged non-performance by Franchisor 
of its obligations hereunder, withhold payment of any royalty or other amounts due to 
Franchisor or its Affiliates, whether on account of goods purchased by Franchisee or 
otherwise.  If, however, Franchisee becomes delinquent in the payment of any amounts 
owed to Franchisor under this Agreement, Franchisor may withhold such amounts from 
any amount payable hereunder to Franchisee, including amounts owed to Franchisee under 
the Insurers Account.  In addition, in the event that any amount due to Franchisor or its 
Affiliates under this Agreement is not paid by the due date, such past due amounts shall 
accrue interest at a rate of the lesser of one and one half percent (1.5%) per month or the 
highest rate of interest allowed under applicable law, prorated on a daily basis, from the 
due date until the date payment is made in full.  The interest shall be calculated based on 
the number of days the payment is late and shall be added to the outstanding balance.  
Payment of any interest accrued does not relieve the party from its obligation to pay the 
principal amount due. 
29.14 This Agreement will be to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties to this Agreement 
and their respective successors and assigns. 
29.15 Franchisee acknowledges that it has received as one document at one time, a copy of the 
form of this Agreement, the schedules hereto, and the applicable complete franchise 
disclosure document, not less than fourteen (14) days prior to the earlier of: (i) the date on 
which this Agreement or any other agreement relating thereto was executed, and (ii) the 
payment of any consideration by or on behalf of Franchisee relating to this Agreement, and 
the franchise associated therewith. 
29.16 If you are an entity, all individuals with a direct or indirect ownership interest in you, 
including the Owner, that we designate (collectively, the “Personal Guarantors”), must 
sign the Personal Guaranty attached to this Agreement. 
29.17 The use of the term “including” in this Agreement shall mean “including without 
limitation.” 
[signature page follows.] 
