14 
plan (or such longer period that may be set forth in the plan, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor 
an additional administrative fee of one percent (1%) of the previous month’s Gross Sales.  
This fee shall be payable on the 15th day of the month following the issuance by Franchisor 
of the quarterly report of Franchisee’s purchases. 
13.3
Franchisee will not cause any prejudice to the relationship with any designated or approved 
supplier of the ProColor Collision Center and will promptly pay when due all outstanding 
bills, accounts, and other amounts payable in connection with the ProColor Collision 
Center. If Franchisee is in default under this Section 13.3, Franchisor may, without notice 
to Franchisee, deduct from amounts owing to Franchisee from the Insurers Account any 
amount required to pay any such unpaid supplier. 
13.4
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is entitled to collect and retain the whole of any 
and all discounts, volume rebates, administration fees, commissions, advertising 
allowances or other similar advantages or consideration which Franchisor may obtain from 
any person supplying products, supplies or services to Franchisor, its Affiliates, Franchisee 
or to other franchisees of the Concept. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and its 
Affiliates are also entitled to a reasonable mark up and profit on their sale of goods and 
services to Franchisee. 
14.
HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE; WEBSITES AND EMAIL ADDRESSES 
14.1
Franchisee will acquire, solely from suppliers specified from time to time by Franchisor, 
and use in the operation of the ProColor Collision Center, licenses for all software specified 
from time to time by Franchisor, as well as any update and upgrade to such software 
specified from time to time by Franchisor with respect to any aspect of the operation of the 
ProColor Collision Center, including, without limitation, Intranet and Internet 
communication, and purchase or lease such computer hardware and other necessary 
equipment comprising such features as will allow such hardware and equipment to 
efficiently use such software specified from time to time by Franchisor. 
14.2
Franchisee is required to obtain a software license for the third-party auto shop 
management software we require, from time to time, which, as of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement, is the ProColor CCC ONE Package from Franchisor’s designated vendor CCC 
ONE.  Franchisor reserves the right, however, to require Franchisee to purchase and use 
other third-party auto shop management software from other designated vendors in the 
future.  If Franchisee is converting an existing auto repair facility to a ProColor Collision 
Center, Franchisee authorizes and appoints Franchisor as its attorney-in-fact, to direct CCC 
ONE or other designated vendor, as applicable, to transfer and transition all of Franchisee’s 
CCC ONE accounts to ensure Franchisee’s access for use in the operation of its ProColor 
Collision Center after conversion.  
14.3
Franchisee must have high speed internet access at all times during the Term.  Franchisee 
is required to obtain at least one email address from Franchisor for use in the operation of 
the ProColor Collision Center at Franchisor’s then-current fee.  Franchisee must use this 
email address in the operation of the ProColor Collision Center, and Franchisee may not 
separately establish any other email addresses for the ProColor Collision Center.  However, 
if Franchisee wishes to obtain additional email addresses, Franchisee may purchase them 
from Franchisor at its then-current fee.  During the Term, Franchisor may also offer, at its 
