36 
these matters or has had the opportunity to consult independent counsel but has not done 
so.  Franchisee also acknowledges that the operation of the ProColor Collision Center 
involves business risks and its success will be largely dependent upon its ability.  
Franchisor expressly disclaims the making of, and Franchisee acknowledges that it has not 
received, any warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, oral or written, 
statutory or otherwise, as to the choice of the location for the Premises, or the potential 
sales or insurance claim volume, profits or success of the ProColor Collision Center. 
29.2
When Franchisor has the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, it may do so 
without judicial proceedings.  All rights and recourses of Franchisor under this Agreement 
are cumulative and the exercise by Franchisor of any of its rights or recourses will not 
prevent it from exercising any other right or recourse available under this Agreement or at 
law.  All obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement are indivisible. 
29.3
If any term of this Agreement or its application to any person or circumstance is invalid or 
unenforceable, that term may be severed, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the 
application of that term to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid 
or unenforceable, will not be affected and each term of this Agreement will be valid and 
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
29.4
This is an agreement between separate entities and neither is the agent, representative, 
master or servant of or possesses the power or authority to obligate the other or to make 
any warranties or representations on behalf of the other.  Nothing in this Agreement will 
be interpreted so as to create a relationship of partners, joint venturers, agents, mandate, 
fiduciaries or any other similar relationship between the parties. 
29.5
Any notice, consent, document or other communication required or permitted to be given 
under this Agreement will be given in writing, and be delivered personally or mailed by 
registered mail, postage prepaid, or by email, to the other party at their respective addresses 
mentioned in this Agreement, namely:  
To Franchisee at: 
The Premises 
Attention: the Owner 
To Franchisor at: 
Attention:  
 
or at any other address or telecopier number as the party to whom the notice is to be given may 
designate by notice in writing pursuant to this Agreement. 
Any notice will be deemed to have been delivered or received: (i) if mailed, on the 3rd business 
day following the mailing (or in the event of a postal disruption or strike, upon the 3rd business 
day following the resumption of normal postal service), (ii) if sent for next business day delivery 
through a nationally recognized overnight carrier, then on the next business day following deposit 
