ProColor Collision USA LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
7
1. Organization and nature of operations
ProColor Collision USA LLC [the “Company”] was created on April 22, 2020 as a limited liability company registered
in the State of the Delaware. The Company is a wholly-owned member of Mondofix USA LLC [the “parent
company”], which is wholly-owned by Mondofix Inc., a Canadian company and ultimate parent company. The
Company selected December 31 as its year-end. The Company acts as a franchisor of car body repair shops in
the USA under the name ProColor, ProColor Collision and ProColor Collision Center in virtue of a license
agreement with its ultimate parent company.
2. Significant accounting policies
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America [“US GAAP”]. These financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is also
the functional currency of the Company.
Use of estimates
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the basis of accounting defined above requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for expected credit losses. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
Cash
Bank balances, including bank overdrafts with balances that fluctuate from positive to overdrawn, are presented
under cash.
Financial instruments
Financial instruments are measured at fair value on initial recognition based on current pricing of such financial
instruments with comparable terms. Subsequently, all financial instruments are measured at amortized costs less
any reduction of impairment. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as follows:
Level 1 – quoted prices [unadjusted] in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 – inputs other than
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
Level 3 – unobservable inputs that reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2024 and
2023, all of the Company’s financial instruments were are categorized as Level 1.
Financial instruments included in the financial statements consist of cash, cash in trust or otherwise reserved,
accounts receivable [including those receivable from a company under common control, accounts payable and
accrued liabilities [including those payable to the ultimate parent company], amounts to be remitted to franchisees,
advances to the parent company and advances to/from companies under common control.
