A member  rm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Report of independent auditors
To the member of
ProColor Collision USA LLC
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of ProColor Collision USA LLC [the “Company”], which comprise the
balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, and the related statements of comprehensive loss and deficit and cash
flows for the year then ended, and the related notes [collectively referred to as the “financial statements”].
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America
[“GAAS”]. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the
audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to
meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion.
Responsibilities of management for the financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and
maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial
statements that are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free of
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they
would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.
