17 
15.6
Franchisee will purchase, solely from Franchisor or from such other suppliers specified 
from time to time by Franchisor, and use all signage specified from time to time by 
Franchisor for the operation of the ProColor Collision Center. 
16.
PRICING 
16.1
Subject to the next two sentences, Franchisee will have complete discretion as to the fees 
it charges for Services sold to customers of the ProColor Collision Center and for parts 
used in providing such Services.  Franchisee understands and agrees that Franchisor has 
and will negotiate various agreements with each Insurer, including with respect to fees for 
Services and for parts which must be used by Franchisee in providing such Services.  
Franchisee agrees not to charge more than the fees for Services so negotiated by Franchisor 
with Insurers as indicated from time to time by Franchisor, and not more than the prices 
for parts used in providing such Services indicated from time to time by Franchisor in the 
Operations Manual or otherwise. 
17.
NATIONAL WARRANTY PROGRAM 
17.1
Franchisee will participate in the National Warranty Program, as may be modified from 
time to time by Franchisor, and warrant the Services and products provided to customers 
of the ProColor Collision Center in accordance with the policies and procedures specified 
from time to time by Franchisor.  Franchisor shall have final decision-making authority 
with respect to the interpretation of, and the settlement of any disputes that may arise in 
relation to, the National Warranty Program, including without limitation any disputes as 
between franchisees, and/or franchisees and customers. 
17.2
Franchisee will honor each warranty presented to Franchisee by the holders thereof, 
irrespective of whether such guarantee was furnished by Franchisee or by any other 
franchisee of the Concept. 
17.3
Franchisee will make no charge to the customer for honoring such warranty, except to the 
extent permitted by the National Warranty Program. 
17.4
Notwithstanding any modification or discontinuance of the National Warranty Program by 
Franchisor, Franchisee will honor, in accordance with the terms thereof, all warranties 
delivered to customers prior to the date of such modification or discontinuance. 
17.5
Franchisee will not make any untrue or misleading representations to customers or 
potential customers concerning the National Warranty Program, and will make all 
affirmative disclosures which may at any time be required by Franchisor or by law in order 
to properly advise customers with respect to such National Warranty Program and to avoid 
possible deception or confusion in connection therewith. 
17.6
Before honoring a warranty issued to a customer by another franchisee of the Concept, 
Franchisee will prepare an estimate of the Services required and submit same to Franchisor 
for its prior approval.  If the extent of Services required is substantial, as determined by 
Franchisor in accordance with Franchisor’s then-current standards, Franchisor may inform 
the franchisee having issued such warranty of same, who will have the right to itself 
perform the required Services and have the relevant vehicle transported, at its cost, to its 
ProColor Collision center. 
