ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
29 
In addition, our vendors may require additional training that will be offered online or at your 
location, depending on the vendor and the specific needs of your ProColor Collision Center.  
The classroom training will be held in a conference room or office setting.  The on-the-job training 
will be conducted by our instructors through demonstrations at a ProColor Collision Center or 
other facility.  The Initial Training Program is organized by Kevin Beane and Garrett Pollick. Mr. 
Beane has been our Implementation Manager since July 2024. Prior to becoming our 
Implementation Manager, he served as our Implementation Specialist from March 2022 to July 
2024. He served as an Estimator for Service King Paint & Body LLC from July 2013 to March 
2022.  Mr. Pollick has been our Franchise Operations Specialist since January 2024. He served as 
an Auto Damage Specialist for GEICO from August 2015 to October 2023. Mr. Beane and 
Mr. Pollick will be supported by employees who have various experience in the topics that are 
covered in the Initial Training Program.  The on-site portion of the Initial Training Program will 
be delivered by the regional staff responsible for each of the topics being covered in the training, 
each of whom will have at least 5 years of experience in managing or operating auto collision 
repair centers or on the subjects on which they provide training.  Our Operations Manual, other 
materials, and your ProColor Collision Center will all be used during the Initial Training Program.  
Additional Training 
Any new Operator must attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program before they 
begin managing your ProColor Collision Center (Franchise Agreement – Section 9).  We may also 
provide mandatory training (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.2).  If we provide it, you or one of 
your personnel that we approve must attend the training.  You, any Owner, any Operator of your 
ProColor Collision Center, and any other personnel of your ProColor Collision Center must also 
complete any other training required by any insurers we may require (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 9.3).  
Each of these trainings is provided at the locations and times we specify depending upon the need 
for the training. You are responsible for the travel and living expenses you and your employees 
incur in attending these trainings.  If you request additional on-site training, or you do not meet 
our standards and we require you to have additional on-site training, we may require you to 
reimburse us for third-party costs we incur (such as travel, lodging, and meal expenses).   
You, or your Operator if your ProColor Collision Center is not owner-operated, must train your 
staff and certify to us that the staff have been trained (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.5).  This 
training must occur before the staff begin performing services on your behalf.  
When we hold annual or biannual conventions for our franchisees, any Owner, and your Operator, 
if any, must attend those conventions.  You must pay these fees to cover the cost of these 
registrations, regardless of whether you attend the convention.  If you want to send additional 
people to the convention, for each one you will pay an additional registration fee.  We currently 
anticipate the registration fee will be between $1,000 to $1,500 per person, but this amount could 
increase as food and beverage costs and facility rental fees increase. 
