ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
13 
The first Monthly Franchise Fee is due on the 15th day following the month during 
which the ProColor Collision Center first opens for business, or in the case of an 
existing business, upon the earlier of the first day the business begins using the 
Marks or the first day it begins operating as a ProColor Collision Center.  
Subsequent Monthly Franchise Fees are due on the 15th day of each subsequent 
month, with the last Monthly Franchise Fee being due within 10 days following the 
termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement.  These payments must be 
made using the means specified from time to time by us (which may include pre-
authorized inter-bank transfers or by set-off against any amounts we owe you). 
Note 2. 
We have the right to create, maintain, administer and discontinue a general 
marketing fund or funds (the “Marketing Fund”). You must contribute to the 
Marketing Fund in each accounting period an amount equal to 0.75% of Gross Sales 
of your ProColor Collision Center; however, if a majority of all ProColor Collision 
Centers in the United States agree, this amount may be increased at any time to no 
more than 1% of Gross Sales.  Marketing Fund Contributions must be paid together 
with the Monthly Franchise Fees and will be based upon Gross Sales for the same 
period in which Monthly Franchise Fees are payable. 
Note 3. 
We may provide mandatory training.  If we provide it, you or one of your personnel 
that we approve must attend the training.  We currently charge $200 to $300 per 
day per trainer for this training, depending on the complexity of training required.  
You are required to reimburse us for third-party costs we incur in providing you 
such training (such as travel, lodging, and meal expenses).  
Note 4. 
You must pay these fees to cover the cost of these registrations, regardless of 
whether you attend the convention.   
Note 5. 
We have approved certain suppliers of products and services to be used by our 
franchisees and will provide you with a list of these approved suppliers. If upon 
signing the Franchise Agreement you currently operate an existing auto collision 
center that is subject to a vendor agreement with a paint supplier, and that 
agreement cannot be terminated by you without penalty, you may continue to 
purchase paint from that vendor for the remaining term of that agreement, but you 
must pay us an administrative fee of 1.6% of the prior month’s Gross Sales during 
the term of that agreement.   
Note 6. 
You must purchase new (OEM), similar (aftermarket), and recycled parts from 
suppliers we may designate from time to time. This participation must be at least 
85% of the total volume of OEM, aftermarket, and recycled parts purchases that 
you make for use in connection with the operation of your ProColor Collision 
Center, excluding sub-contract agreements with dealerships approved by us. If this 
participation percentage has not been reached, we will prepare a plan for 
compliance describing how you can meet this minimum participation requirement, 
and you must comply with this plan.  If you are not in compliance with this plan 
within 90 days after receiving the plan (or a longer period provided in the plan), 
you must pay us an additional administrative fee of 1% of the prior month’s Gross 
