ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
42 
ITEM 16. 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Products and Services 
You must offer the motor vehicle body repair services, as well as other products and services, that 
we specify, and you may not sell other products or services in or from your ProColor Collision 
Center without our prior written approval.  ProColor Collision Centers offer complete after-
collision products and services, including appraisal, insurance billing, repair products and services, 
and after-care warranty through our National Warranty Program.  All of the products and services 
you offer must meet our standards.  You cannot operate other businesses from your ProColor 
Collision Center other than those approved by us.  
We can limit the type of products or services you may sell.  We can also change the products or 
services we allow you to offer at any time.  You must follow our policies, procedures, methods, 
and techniques and comply with all of our mandatory standards and specifications when providing 
products or services through your ProColor Collision Center.  We can also implement pricing 
policies, such as maximum price policies, and minimum advertised price policies, and you must 
abide by these policies.   
Customers 
We do not restrict the customers you may serve. Other franchisees of ours may serve customers 
for their ProColor Collision Centers from within your Territory, including those who may work or 
reside in your Territory.  
However, you cannot solicit customers via the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing 
efforts unless we approve of those efforts. In any event, all of your advertising must be approved 
by us. You may not establish, or have established, any website, web page, or social networking or 
social media site, profile, account or hashtag, relating to or referring to us, your ProColor Collision 
Center, or the System. 
Insurance Work 
We will negotiate various agreements with insurance companies, including with respect to fees for 
services and for parts which must be used by you in providing these services.  You may not charge 
more than the fees for these services and parts than what we have negotiated with these insurance 
companies, as indicated by us in the Operations Manual or otherwise. You must provide all 
services to the insurance companies in accordance with the terms and conditions we require.  You 
must strictly comply with the terms of the Operations Manual concerning the handling of the 
insurance companies’ car collision claims, including, the automated estimate procedures and car 
collision repairs technical guidelines. 
We will deposit in a separate account maintained for this purpose, upon their receipt, all monies 
received from insurance companies as payment for services approved by these insurance 
companies and performed by ProColor Collision franchisees in the state in which your ProColor 
Collision Center is located (“Insurers Account”).  We will, no later than on the 15th day and the 
last day of each month, pay to you all amounts owing to you for services you provided to the 
