ProColor Collision USA LLC 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
6 
1. Organization, basis of presentation and economic dependence 
ProColor Collision USA LLC [the “Company”] was created on April 22, 2020 as a limited liability company registered 
in the State of the Delaware. The Company is a wholly-owned member of Mondofix USA LLC [the “parent 
company”], which is wholly-owned by Mondofix Inc., a Canadian company and ultimate parent company. The 
Company selected December 31 as its year-end. The Company acts as a franchisor of car body repair shops in 
the USA under the name ProColor, ProColor Collision and ProColor Collision Center in virtue of a license 
agreement with its ultimate parent company.  
 
The Company incurred annual losses since its creation. The Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for 
the next twelve months is influenced by its ability to maintain suitable financing through lenders or other means; 
including mainly the financial support of its parent and ultimate parent companies, by its successful growth of its 
franchisees’ network to enable it to generate positive cash flows in the future; and its ability to continue honoring 
repayment of its accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The Company depends on the continued financial 
support of its ultimate parent company which committed to continue such support through advances and / or capital 
contributions to finance its operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of the subsequent events 
note [note 9].  
 
2. Significant accounting policies 
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
the United States of America [“US GAAP”]. These financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is also 
the functional currency of the Company. 
 
Use of estimates 
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the basis of accounting defined above requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts. Actual results 
could differ from those estimates. 
 
Cash 
Bank balances, including bank overdrafts with balances that fluctuate from positive to overdrawn, are presented 
under cash. 
 
 
