ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
4 
is also a master franchisee in New Zealand that had 48 Novus Glass franchisees, 9 
authorized agents, 3 subcontractors, and 5 glass restoration (scratch removal) franchisees 
operating as of December 31, 2024.  

Mondofix, through its predecessor and directly since May 2017, has offered licenses under 
the Novus Glass service mark outside of the United States and Canada.  As of December 
31, 2024, Mondofix had 104 Novus Glass licensees open outside of the United States and 
Canada. 
Other than provided above, we have no other parent, predecessor, or affiliate that offers franchises 
in any line of business or provides products or services to you. 
Market and Competition 
ProColor Collision Centers offer automotive repair and replacement products and services and 
painting. The target market for your ProColor Collision Center is the general public, insurance 
companies and agencies, and corporate (fleet) accounts.  While ProColor Collision Centers offer 
complete after-collision products and services, including appraisal, insurance billing, repair 
products and services, and after-care warranty, the collision repair business is well developed.  You 
will compete with numerous other businesses, including automobile dealerships, collision repair 
facilities, repair centers, and painting centers.  These businesses and similar businesses may be 
associated with national or regional chains or may be local independent operations.   
Your ProColor Collision Center may experience some seasonality.  For example, customer 
demand may vary in your market depending on the season if customers are more likely to get into 
collisions in certain weather conditions such as snow, ice, or rain. 
Industry Specific Regulations 
The collision repair industry is regulated by local, state, and federal environmental laws on the use 
and disposal of certain hazardous waste.  Your ProColor Collision Center must have a federal 
Environmental Protection Agency waste generation license.  Local or state agencies may also 
require that your ProColor Collision Center have an air compressor operation permit, that its paint 
booth and paint storage area meet local and state fire codes, and that you use low VOC emission 
products.  Your ProColor Collision Center may also need to have other permits and licenses.  You 
must also comply with all zoning laws and regulations that apply to your ProColor Collision 
Center.   
In addition to the specific laws discussed above, your ProColor Collision Center will be subject to 
local, state, and federal regulations that apply to all businesses, such as privacy and data security 
laws, the Americans With Disabilities Act, wage and hour laws, occupational health and safety, 
equal employment opportunity, taxes, and business licensing and permitting requirements.   
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
