ProColor Collision USA LLC 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
7 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments are measured at fair value on initial recognition based on current pricing of such financial 
instruments with comparable terms. Subsequently, all financial instruments are measured at amortized costs less 
any reduction of impairment. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value 
hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as follows: 
Level 1 – quoted prices [unadjusted] in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 – inputs other than 
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and 
Level 3 – unobservable inputs that reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety 
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2023 and 
2022, all of the Company’s financial assets were considered a Level 1 asset. 
 
Financial instruments included in the financial statements consist mainly of cash, accounts receivable [including 
those from a company under common control], promissory note receivable from parent company, accounts payable 
and accrued liabilities [including those to the ultimate parent company], amounts to be remitted to franchisees and 
advances from companies under common control. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized 
at fair value when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. 
Subsequently, all financial instruments are measured at amortized cost less any reduction for impairment. 
 
Revenue recognition  
The Company applies revenue recognition guidance under ASC 606 Revenue from contracts with customers. 
Sales arrangements with franchising generally include a combination of royalties, vendor rebates and other 
services. The Company determines whether performance obligations are distinct based on whether the customer 
can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and 
whether the commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other 
obligations in the contract. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations under the terms of a 
contract or arrangement are satisfied, which generally occurs when, or as, control of the promised products or 
services is transferred to franchisees/customers. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration the 
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to a customer and by allocation the 
transaction price based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation.  
 
Revenues generated from royalties charged to franchisees [monthly continuing fee from the franchisee equals to 
the greater of a stated percentage of the franchisee’s gross sales and a stated minimum] are recognized and 
established based on the monthly franchisees’ retail sales.  
 
Allowances and discounts from vendors are recognized based on actual periodic purchases from these vendors 
and the related contractual terms and, when the consideration is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably 
assured.  
 
 
