ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
RECEIPT 
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other information in plain 
language.  Read this Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully. 
If ProColor Collision USA LLC (“ProColor”) offers you a franchise, ProColor must provide this disclosure document 
to you 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, ProColor or an affiliate in 
connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Iowa and New York require that ProColor give you this disclosure 
document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or 10 business days (or 14 calendar days in Iowa) before the 
execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise 
relationship.  Michigan requires that ProColor give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the 
execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.
If ProColor Collision USA LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading 
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported 
to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580, and the appropriate state agency identified on Exhibit B. 
The franchisor is ProColor Collision USA LLC, 650 Pelham Boulevard, Suite 100, St. Paul, Minnesota 55114.  Its 
telephone number is 952-944-8000.  The name, principal business address, and telephone number of each franchise 
seller offering the franchise is:  
Issuance Date:  March 29, 2025. 
ProColor Collision USA LLC authorizes the respective parties identified on Exhibit B to receive service of process 
for us in the particular state. 
I have received a Disclosure Document with an Issuance Date of March 29, 2025, that included the following Exhibits: 
Exhibit A. 
State Specific Addenda to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B. 
List of State Agencies and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit C. 
Table of Contents of Operations Manuals 
Exhibit D-1. 
List of Current Franchisees 
Exhibit D-2. 
List of Former Franchisees 
Exhibit E. 
Financial Statements 
Exhibit F. 
Franchise Agreement, Personal Guaranty, Monthly Base Franchise Fee Addendum (For 
Conversion Franchisees), Payment Authorization, and State Specific Addenda to Franchise 
Agreement 
Exhibit G. 
Electronic Transfer of Funds Authorization 
Exhibit H. 
Franchisee Questionnaire 
Indicate the date on which you received this Disclosure Document, sign, indicate the date you signed this Receipt, and 
promptly return one completed copy of the Receipt to ProColor Collision USA LLC, at 650 Pelham Boulevard, Suite 
100, St. Paul, Minnesota 55114.  Keep the second copy of the Receipt for your records.  
Date Disclosure Document Received  
Prospective Franchisee’s Signature 
Date Receipt Signed 
Print Name 
Address:  
4897-6390-6066, v. 13
