ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
22 
There are also some vendors who pay us fixed rebates on supplies and services.  There are no caps 
or limitations on the amounts we may receive from suppliers as a result of franchisee purchases.   
We do earn a profit from your and other ProColor franchisees’ purchases and leases by charging 
prices that exceed our cost to purchase or lease these products and other items, and from supplier 
rebates.  Our total revenues from products, services and other items purchased or leased by United 
States franchisees in 2024 were $829,221, or approximately 32.3% of our total 2024 revenues of 
$2,571,135. 
None of our officers own any interest in any of our suppliers, other than our affiliates and parents.    
Approval of Alternative Specifications or Suppliers  
If you want to purchase items for your ProColor Collision Center that differ from our specifications 
or from a supplier we have not approved, you must notify us in writing.  If we request, you must 
submit samples and other information we require for testing or to otherwise determine whether the 
product, material, or supply meets our specifications and quality standards.  We do not impose any 
fee for our consideration.  
Although we do not make available the criteria we review when approving suppliers, we consider 
various factors including whether the product or service is consistent with our concept and brand; 
how the supplier and/or their products or services would enhance our brand; if the product or 
service is already available through other sources, would approval of another vendor enhance 
competition or dilute our ability to maximize pricing benefits for our franchisees; and is the product 
of a commercial quality with a proven record of durability.  We will generally notify you of our 
approval or disapproval within 90 days of our receipt of all the information and samples we 
request.  If we revoke approval of any supplier or any item offered by a supplier, we will send you 
written notice of our revocation of an approved supplier or item.  
Cooperatives 
We do not have any purchasing or distribution cooperatives as of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document.  
Negotiated Prices 
We may negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers and distributors of approved products for 
the benefit of our franchisees, including for paint and paint products, associated products, 
management system, car rentals, and parts (OEM, aftermarket, and salvage).  
Material Benefits 
We do not provide material benefits, such as renewing or granting additional franchises to 
franchisees, based on their use of designated or approved suppliers.  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
