35 
28.4.1
Any arbitrator appointed to arbitrate a dispute under this Agreement shall have 
at least ten (10) years’ experience in franchise matters and shall have the right 
to award or include in any award the specific performance of this Agreement.   
28.4.2
The arbitrator will be instructed that he or she must follow the substantive law 
and the other requirements, waivers and limitations of this Agreement.  The 
arbitrator shall have no authority to add, delete or modify in any manner, the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement.  All findings, judgments, decisions and 
awards of the arbitrator will be limited to the dispute or controversy set forth in 
the written demand for arbitration and response to that demand.  The arbitrator 
may not award any relief that was not specifically requested by the parties prior 
to the start of the arbitration hearing.  The arbitrator shall file a reasoned brief 
with his or her award.   
28.4.3
If there is any dispute as to whether a particular claim or matter is subject to 
arbitration, and the matter relates to an issue for which either party seeks an 
injunction in accordance with the provisions of Section 28.1, the arbitrability of 
such claim shall be determined by the court that would otherwise hear the motion 
to issue the injunction.  In the case of a dispute as to the arbitrability of any other 
claim brought by either party against the other, the decision as to whether or not 
the claim is subject to arbitration shall be made by the arbitrator appointed in 
accordance with this Agreement.   
28.4.4
Any award from the arbitrator may be appealed under the Optional Rules of the 
American Arbitration Association. 
28.4.5
Judgment upon the award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court having 
jurisdiction thereof.  The award shall be binding, final, and nonappealable except 
as permitted under the United States Arbitration Act or for failure of the 
arbitrator to meet the requirements of this Section 28.4.  Unless this Agreement 
is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 25, during the 
pendency of the arbitration proceeding, Franchisee and Franchisor shall fully 
perform this Agreement. 
28.5
The parties agree they should each be able to settle, mediate, litigate, arbitrate, or 
compromise disputes in which they are involved with third parties, without having the 
disposition of such disputes directly affect the contract or relationship between Franchisor 
and Franchisee.  Franchisor and Franchisee therefore each agree that a decision of an 
arbitrator or court of law in a dispute to which one of them is not a party shall not in any 
manner prevent the person that was a party to such action from making similar arguments, 
or taking similar positions, in any subsequent action between Franchisor and Franchisee.  
The parties therefore waive the right to assert that principals of collateral estoppel prevent 
either of them from raising any claim or defense in an action between them as a result of 
such party having lost a similar claim or defense in another action.   
29.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
29.1
Franchisee acknowledges that it has conducted an independent investigation of the matters 
dealt with in this Agreement and has either consulted independent counsel with respect to 
