ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
31 
Advertising/Marketing 
Marketing Fund 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must contribute to the Marketing Fund (the “Marketing 
Fund Contributions”) in each accounting period an amount equal to 0.75% of Gross Sales of 
your ProColor Collision Center; however, if a majority of all ProColor Collision Centers in the 
United States agree, this amount may be increased at any time to no more than 1% of Gross Sales 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 19.1).  Marketing Fund Contributions must be paid together with 
the Monthly Franchise Fees and will be based upon Gross Sales for the same period in which 
Monthly Franchise Fees are payable.  All franchisees in the United States contribute the same 
amount to the Marketing Fund.  All ProColor franchisees businesses we or our affiliates own will 
also contribute to the Marketing Fund once our first franchisee contributes to the Marketing Fund.  
The amount contributed will be on the same basis as franchisee contribution. 
We account for Marketing Fund Contributions separately from our other revenues, and we do not 
use them to pay any of our general operating expenses other than reasonable salaries, 
administrative costs, and overhead (calculated on a fully allocated basis), if any, that we may incur 
in activities reasonably related to the administration or direction of the Marketing Fund and its 
advertising, marketing, public relations, and promotional programs (including conducting market 
research).  The Marketing Fund is used and expended for marketing department fees, media costs, 
commissions, market research costs, creative and production costs, including, the costs of creating 
promotions and artwork, printing and electronic media costs, placement of advertising, and other 
costs for advertising, marketing, public relations, and promotional programs we may undertake 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 19.2).  This means we may use monies in the Marketing Fund for 
any purpose that promotes the ProColor Collision name, including the creation, production, and 
placement of commercial advertising; to pay for agency costs and commissions; to pay the costs 
to create and produce video, audio, and written advertisements; to pay for direct mail and other 
media advertising, including radio and Internet advertising, Internet search engine campaigns, and 
the cost to maintain and update our or our affiliate’s websites and web pages, for social media, 
social networking sites, profiles and accounts, and for the cost of search engine optimization; in-
house staff assistance and related administrative costs; local and regional promotions; public 
relations campaigns including the cost of retaining public relations firms; market research; and 
other advertising and marketing activities (Franchise Agreement – Section 19).  We may create 
marketing materials in-house or use national, regional, and local agencies.  Advertising may be 
placed in local, regional, or national media of our choice, including print, direct mail, electronic 
and online advertising, radio, or television.   
We have no obligation to ensure that any particular franchisee, including you, benefit directly or 
pro rata from the placement or conduct of any advertising, marketing, public relations, and 
promotions.  We are under no obligation to administer or distribute the Marketing Fund according 
to any particular geographic area or territory, including the Territory.  We also have the right to 
prepare advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, and place advertising or conduct 
promotional or public relations programs for multiple brands, with the Marketing Fund being 
allocated its pro rata portion of these costs as we determine.  We may also allocate a portion of the 
Marketing Fund to regional advertising cooperatives administered by one or more groups of 
franchisees.  However, we will not spend any portion of these monies for advertising principally 
