ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
35 
ITEM 12. 
TERRITORY 
When you sign a Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate 1 ProColor Collision 
Center from a location that we approve.  Once we approve of your location, we will designate a 
territory around your location and describe it in your Franchise Agreement (“Territory”).  While 
there is no minimum size for your Territory, we use mapping software that will determine the 
Territory based on potential capacity for services in one or more zip codes, or partial zip codes.  
The Territory will typically be based on a franchisee having the capacity to process 25% of the 
available collision spend in the zip code(s). However, the exact size may also depend upon various 
factors including demographics, geographic area, natural boundaries and access to streets and 
highways, neighborhood character, location and number of competing businesses, site availability, 
and other factors. 
As long as you are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or grant a 
third party the right to operate a motor vehicle collision center business operating under the 
ProColor Collision mark that is physically located in your Territory.  However, if we provide any 
insurance, fleet or national account to you, and you fail to properly service the account, or to 
comply with our policies and procedures for servicing the account, then we may appoint other 
ProColor Collision centers to service the account in your Territory in the future, whether they are 
owned by us or our affiliates or by another franchisee, without any compensation to you.  
Except as set forth above, we and our affiliates retain all rights with respect to the ProColor 
Collision mark, the sale of similar or dissimilar products and services, and any other activities we 
deem appropriate, without compensating you in any manner when we make sales through these 
channels or under these brands, whenever and wherever we desire.  For example, we can operate, 
or grant to someone else a franchise or license to operate, at any location outside the Territory a 
motor vehicle collision center business operating under the ProColor Collision mark.  We can 
operate, or grant to someone else a franchise or license to operate a motor vehicle collision center 
business or any other business, whether inside or outside the Territory, so long as they do not use 
the ProColor Collision mark.  We can also purchase, merge with, acquire or affiliate with, or be 
purchased or acquired by, an existing network, chain, entity, or any other business, regardless of 
the locations or territories of such other franchise, chain, entity, or other business, whether inside 
or outside the Territory, and, following any such purchase, merger, acquisition, or affiliations, 
operate, franchise, or license those businesses or being operated, franchised or licensed by those 
businesses, using the ProColor Collision mark or any other mark whether inside or outside the 
Territory. 
If you are not in default of the Franchise Agreement, and if the demand for services at your 
ProColor Collision Center exceeds its production capacity, as we may determine in accordance 
with our then-current standards, we will give written notice of our determination to you.  You will 
have 30 days after receipt of the notice to give written notice to us of your decision to either expand 
your ProColor Collision Center in accordance with our then-current requirements, as provided in 
our notice, or open an additional ProColor Collision Center in the Territory.  If you choose to 
expand your ProColor Collision Center, the required construction work must be completed within 
6 months of the date of your notice to us.  If you choose to open an additional ProColor Collision 
Center in the Territory, you will have to sign our then-current form of franchise agreement (which 
may contain then-current financial and other terms, any of which may be different than those 
