24 
or any contract you have signed.  Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to 
obtain additional insurance coverage as may be specified by Franchisor from time to time. 
21.9
 Our Rights.  All insurance policies Franchisor requires Franchisee to obtain must name 
Franchisor as an additional named insured, and provide that Franchisor will receive copies 
of all notices of changes in these policies, or cancellation, nonrenewal, or coverage 
reduction or elimination, at least thirty (30) days before any cancellation, nonrenewal, or 
change takes effect.  At least ten (10) days before operating the ProColor Collision Center, 
annually thereafter, immediately after changing any insurance coverage, or at any time 
upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must provide Franchisor with certificates of 
insurance confirming Franchisee has obtained all the insurance coverage Franchisor 
requires.  If Franchisee fails or refuse to maintain the insurance coverage Franchisor 
requires, or fails to timely provide Franchisor evidence of this coverage, Franchisor shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain the required insurance coverage.  Franchisee 
will promptly sign all applications and other documents required to obtain the required 
insurance, and will, upon receipt of an invoice, immediately reimburse Franchisor for the 
cost of obtaining the required insurance. All policies shall indemnify and hold harmless 
Franchisor and contain a waiver of subrogation clause, cross liability, severability of 
interest and be primary and non-contributory.  Franchisee will promptly report all claims 
and potential claims against Franchisee or Franchisor or any of Franchisee’s or 
Franchisor’s affiliates or other related companies to its insurers and Franchisor. 
22.
NON-COMPETITION AND CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS 
22.1
Franchisee agrees that during the Term, neither Franchisee nor any of its directors, officers, 
owners or the Operator will, directly or indirectly, or through, on behalf of or in conjunction 
with any individual, partnership or legal entity: 
22.1.1
do or perform any act injurious or prejudicial to existing or potential 
relationships between Franchisor and a franchisee or a potential franchisee of 
Franchisor; 
22.1.2
do or perform any act injurious or prejudicial to existing or potential 
relationships between Franchisor and any other person including, without 
limitation, insurance companies, suppliers or referral sources.  
22.2
Franchisee agrees that during the Term, neither Franchisee nor any of its directors, officers, 
owners or the Operator will, either individually or in partnership or jointly or in conjunction 
with any individual, partnership or other legal entity, and whether as principal, agent, 
shareholder, member, consultant or in any capacity whatsoever, carry on or be engaged in 
or be concerned with or interested in or advise, lend money to, guarantee the debts or 
obligations of or permit its or their name or any part of it to be used in any business whose 
activities (whether in whole or in part) consist of: (i) the operation of an automotive 
collision repair center, except pursuant to a franchise agreement with Franchisor in effect 
at such time, or (ii) a franchise system, an automotive aftermarket marketing banner or a 
branded chain whose concept (whether in whole or in part) relates to the car collision 
industry. 
