ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
20 
whatsoever resulting from the use, operation or maintenance of the vehicle; (iv) GAP insurance 
covering the total loan amount. If offered, you will also have adequate uninsured motorist 
insurance coverage.  To the extent you are not required to lease the vehicles it uses in the operation 
of the ProColor Collision Center from us, or for any other automobiles or vehicles owned or used 
by you or any of your employees (including automobiles owned or leased by any of your 
employees) in connection with the ProColor Collision Center and not leased from us, you must 
purchase and maintain vehicle/automobile insurance coverage that meets the foregoing minimum 
requirements.  
Property Insurance, Fire and Extended Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain “all risks” 
property insurance coverage, which must include fire and extended coverage, vandalism and 
malicious mischief coverage, garage keepers’ coverage for the ProColor Collision Center, 
inventory, machinery and equipment you own or lease for the ProColor Collision Center, including 
flood, earthquake, sewer-backup, and boiler and machinery coverage.  Your property insurance 
policy (including fire and extended coverage) must have coverage limits of at least “replacement” 
value plus any leasehold improvements or other additions, improvements, personal property, and 
equipment. 
Umbrella Liability Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain umbrella liability insurance with 
a minimum coverage amount of $1,000,000 that will provide additional liability insurance 
coverage for any liability incurred by you in excess of the primary liability insurance coverage you 
carry under your general liability insurance, auto vehicle liability insurance, and employer’s 
liability insurance policies. 
Worker’s Compensation Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain worker’s compensation 
insurance covering your employees who are injured in the course of employment, as well as your 
liability insurance having primary limits of $1,000,000 covering bodily injury by disease per 
employee, $1,000,000 covering bodily injury by disease in aggregate, and $1,000,000 covering 
bodily injury by accident. 
Environmental Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain environmental liability 
insurance in an amount no less than $1,000,000 per claim and in the annual aggregate covering 
you for garage operation and premises exploitation and activities under the Franchise Agreement. 
This insurance shall cover pollution conditions resulting from the Services furnished by you during 
the policy period that result in bodily injury or property damage, or which necessitate clean-up, 
remediation, or rehabilitation of property.
Other Insurance.  The insurance coverage set forth in this Disclosure Document only describes 
the minimum insurance we require you to obtain.  It is your obligation to determine whether it 
needs to carry other insurance, or higher levels of insurance either by law or because of the nature 
of your business or any contract you have signed.  We reserve the right to require you to obtain 
additional insurance coverage as may be specified by us from time to time. 
Our Rights.  All insurance policies we require you to obtain must name us as an additional named 
insured, and provide that we will receive copies of all notices of changes in these policies, or 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or coverage reduction or elimination, at least 30 days before any 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or change takes effect.  At least 10 days before operating the ProColor 
Collision Center, annually thereafter, immediately after changing any insurance coverage, or at 
