ProColor Collision USA LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
9
Advertising costs and deferred revenue
The Company expenses the costs of advertising when the advertisements are first aired or displayed. All other
advertising and promotional costs are expensed in the year incurred. Franchisees contribute to advertising funds
managed by the Company. Under the Company’s franchise agreements, contributions received from franchisees
must be spent on advertising, marketing and related activities and result in no net income being recognized by the
Company. To the extent that contributions received exceed expenditures, the excess contributions are recorded
as deferred revenue. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $226,572 [2023 – $274,678].
Income taxes
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events
that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and
the tax bases of the assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the temporary
differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded if, based on the
weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. As at and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred losses for which a
full valuation allowance was recorded.
The Company is a member of a group, consisting of its parent company and other companies under common
control that files its income tax return on a consolidated basis. Current and deferred income taxes are allocated to
the Company as if it were a separate taxpayer. Any tax effect of the Company’s operating activity is passed to its
parent company for equal consideration if the tax effect can be realized using the consolidated approach.
Comprehensive income (loss)
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income (loss) is defined
as the change in shareholders’ equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from
non-owner sources. Comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is the same as the
Company’s net loss.
Recent accounting pronouncement
From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
[“FASB”] or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless
otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective
will not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption.
There was no accounting pronouncement adopted during the current year which had a significant effect on the
Company's financial statements.
