9 
persons employed by Franchisor to make the audit.  If Franchisee fails to submit any Gross 
Sales report when due or withholds Franchisor’s access to its accounting and financial 
systems or data, Franchisor may assess a fee of Two Hundred Dollars ($200), which 
Franchisor has the right to increase by up to twenty five percent (25%) each calendar year 
during the Term. 
9.
TRAINING AND INITIAL ASSISTANCE 
9.1
Franchisor will provide to the Owner, the Operator, if any, and such other personnel of 
Franchisee specified by Franchisor before the commencement of operations of 
Franchisee’s shop as the ProColor Collision Center, an initial training program of such 
duration as Franchisor deems necessary at a location to be specified by Franchisor. 
Franchisee shall complete the initial training program to Franchisor’s satisfaction within 
sixty (60) days after the effective date of this Agreement but in any event before Franchisee 
commences operations of the ProColor Collision Center. 
9.2
Franchisor may also conduct additional and ongoing training programs upon such 
conditions as it determines.  You must attend all national, regional and state meetings we 
hold.  Whether or not you attend any of the required programs, you must pay our then-
current fee for attendance at one such program each year.  You must attend any mandatory 
training we require.  If you request additional training, or if we require mandatory training, 
you must pay our then-current fee for such training, as well as the costs we incur in 
providing you such training (including travel, lodging and meal expenses). 
9.3
Franchisee will participate in any training required by the Insurers. 
9.4
Franchisor shall not charge Franchisee for the training it provides to Franchisee under 
Section 9.1.  However, all expenses incurred by the Owner, the Operator and such other 
personnel of Franchisee in attending any training required or provided under Sections 9.1-
9.3 including, without limitation, costs of accommodation, wages and travel, will be borne 
by Franchisee. 
9.5
Franchisee will cause the Owner, the Operator, if any, and any other personnel of 
Franchisee specified by Franchisor to attend and successfully complete any such training 
described in this Section 9. 
9.6
Franchisee will promptly advise Franchisor with regard to any suggestions for operational 
developments or improvements to the Concept or the ProColor Collision Center 
(collectively, “Improvements”). In order that such developments or Improvements shall be 
made available to Franchisor and other franchisees for the benefit of the Concept, 
Franchisee agrees that it hereby assigns and transfers all copyrights, trademarks or other 
rights in connection therewith to Franchisor without any compensation and waives all 
rights thereto.  In consideration for such agreement, Franchisor shall permit Franchisee to 
use all operational developments or Improvements to the Concept transferred to Franchisor 
by others that are approved generally for use in other ProColor Collision centers.    
9.7
Franchisee may not commence operation of the ProColor Collision Center until Franchisee 
has satisfied all conditions set forth in this Agreement required to be satisfied by Franchisee 
prior to opening the ProColor Collision Center, including meeting Franchisor’s current 
