ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
19 
ITEM 8. 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Specifications 
All of the inventory and supplies (including paint and parts), equipment, furniture, fixtures, design 
and décor, branded items and signage, computer hardware and software, technology, advertising 
materials, and products you purchase for use or sale through your ProColor Collision Center must 
meet our specifications.  These specifications may include minimum standards for type, delivery, 
performance, design, appearance, and quality.  We will issue the specifications to you before you 
begin operating.  We may include these specifications in the manuals that we provide to you either 
hard copy or on-line, or we may issue them separately.  You must obtain our approval before you 
use any advertising materials you prepare to promote your ProColor Collision Center.  You may 
not establish, or have established, any web page, social media, and/or social networking site, 
profile, account, or hashtag that refers to us, your ProColor Collision Center, or the System.  
We currently require that you have the following minimum levels of insurance coverage from 
insurance companies with a financial strength rating of A or better as established by A.M. Best 
Company: 
General Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain general liability insurance 
including public and product liability with coverage of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and 
$2,000,000 in the annual aggregate insuring you and your officers, directors, agents and 
employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind 
whatsoever, including bodily injury, personal injury, death, property damage, products liability 
and all other damages resulting from: (a) the condition, operation, use, business or occupancy of 
the Premises or the ProColor Collision Center and (b) the operation of any customer’s vehicle by 
any of your employees.  
Garage Keepers Liability Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain garage keepers insurance 
with coverage of at least $2,000,000 in the annual aggregate insuring you and your officers, 
directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and 
expense of any kind whatsoever, including personal injury, death, property damage, fire and theft 
caused to any customer’s vehicle in your care, custody and control as a result of fire, explosion, 
theft, vandalism, riot and civil commotion, and collision.  The garage keepers insurance coverage 
must be written on a direct primary basis and be at least greater of the following; 
a) Full value of all vehicles under your care, custody, and control; and 
b) The maximum value of the type of vehicle that you usually service.
The amount insured must be compliant with the clause and co-insurance clause in the policy.
Vehicle Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain from our designated insurance provider the 
following minimum levels of insurance coverage for each vehicle owned or leased or operated:  
(i) comprehensive fire and theft coverage with a maximum deductible of $1,000; (ii) collision 
coverage with a maximum deductible of $1,000; (iii) automobile liability insurance with minimum 
limits for bodily injury, property or death of $1,000,000, insuring you and your officers, directors, 
agents and employees, from any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind 
