ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
18 
These costs will vary based on the size of your ProColor Collision Center, the 
services you offer, and whether you are converting an existing auto repair facility 
to a ProColor Collision Center or developing a new ProColor Collision Center.  
Note 8. 
These estimates are for the minimum technology you must obtain to operate your 
ProColor Collision Center.  You must have at least 5 personal computers, 2 printers 
(with at least 1 having multi-function capabilities for printing, scanning, and 
faxing), a point of sale system with credit card processing capabilities, phone and 
phone service, and high bandwidth business grade Internet service with associated 
routers and modems.  This computer hardware must be capable of running the 
ProColor CCC ONE Package or any other online third-party auto shop management 
software we designate.  The low estimate for a conversion assumes you already 
have this minimum technology that meets our specifications.  The low estimate for 
a newly developed ProColor Collision Center assumes you purchase this minimum 
technology that meets our specifications.  The high estimates assume you purchase 
more than the minimum technology that we require, such as additional computers 
for employees or handheld tablets for estimators or shop employees.  All of these 
items must meet our specifications, including those related to model, brand, and 
functionality, but can be purchased from any vendor.   
These estimates assume that the computer comes preinstalled with the software we 
require (see Item 11). These estimates also include a one-time installation, 
implementation, and training fee for the online third-party auto shop management 
software we require, which as of the date of this Disclosure Document is the 
ProColor CCC ONE Package, but subject to change by us from time to time.  The 
low estimates assume an installation, implementation, and training fee of $3,395 
(for up to 5 users) for the ProColor CCC ONE Package.  However, for a conversion 
of an existing auto repair facility to a ProColor Collision Center, the low estimate 
assumes you already use the same suite of CCC ONE products that we require, and 
are receiving a 50% discount on the installation, implementation, and training fee.  
The high estimates assume your installation, implementation, and training fee is 
$4,395 (for 6 or more users).  
Note 9. 
These amounts include estimated operating expenses you should expect to incur 
during the first 3 months of operation of your ProColor Collision Center, which 
includes facility maintenance and repair costs, utility costs, waste and recycling 
removal, permits and licensure, professional fees, office supplies, insurance 
premiums, 3 months of email fees, local marketing costs, and uniforms. The low 
estimates also include, for the first 3 months of operation, ongoing subscription fees 
for the ProColor CCC ONE Package of $1,200 per month, plus $110 per month for 
each additional user, and insurance mailbox fees of $160 per month for 3 to 5 
mailboxes (see Item 11). The high estimates also include, for the first 3 months of 
operation, ongoing subscription fees for the ProColor CCC ONE Package of $1,200 
per month, plus $110 per month for each additional user, and insurance mailbox 
fees of $215 per month for 6 or more mailboxes (see Item 11). All locations are 
required to purchase the additional CCC ONE software modules, Central Review 
for $155 per month and Engage for $255 per month. Your operating expenses may 
be higher for a newly developed ProColor Collision Center.  
