ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
36 
contained in your current Franchise Agreement) within 25 days after receipt from us and open the 
additional ProColor Collision Center within 6 months. If you fail to respond to us within the 30-
day period, or fail to complete the required construction work or fail to timely sign the franchise 
agreement following your receipt from us, or fail to open the additional ProColor Collision Center 
within the 6-month period, we or our affiliates may open or grant to any other individual, 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity the right and license to operate 
a ProColor Collision Center in the Territory. 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from 
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  
Except as provided above, we cannot unilaterally change your Territory and there are no minimum 
quotas required. Except as provided above, as long as you are in compliance with your Franchise 
Agreement, you will retain the rights described above. 
Customers 
We do not restrict the customers you may serve. Other franchisees of ours may serve customers 
for their ProColor Collision Centers from within your Territory, including those who may work or 
reside in your Territory.  
However, you cannot solicit customers via the Internet, telemarketing or other direct marketing 
efforts unless we approve of those efforts.  In any event, all of your advertising must be approved 
by us.  You may not establish, or have established, any website, web page, or social networking 
or social media site, profile, account or hashtag, relating to or referring to us, your ProColor 
Collision Center, or the System. 
Relocation 
You must provide us prior notice and obtain our consent before you intend to relocate your 
ProColor Collision Center. The new location must be within your Territory, and it may not be 
located within any territory we grant to any other franchisee.  You must upgrade the new space to 
comply with all of our then-current specifications.  
Options and Rights of First Refusal 
You will not receive any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional 
franchises.  You may not operate an additional ProColor Collision Center, whether in your 
Territory or elsewhere, unless you acquire additional franchise rights from us and sign another 
Franchise Agreement.   
Similar Affiliated Franchise Offerings 
Our parent, Mondofix, is the owner of the Fix Auto franchise system that offers auto body repair 
facilities and complete after-collision services.  The principal business address of Mondofix is 99 
Émilien Marcoux, Suite 101, Blainville, Quebec, J7C 0B4, Canada.  Mondofix currently offers 
Fix Auto franchises for sale in other parts of the world, but it does not operate or directly franchise 
Fix Auto businesses in the United States.  Rather, Mondofix has granted master franchise rights to 
an unaffiliated third party to offer Fix Auto brand franchises in the United States.  There may now, 
