ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
A - 3 
5. 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at 
Minneapolis, Minnesota. You will bear all costs of arbitration if we secure any relief against you 
in the arbitration, or are successful in defending a claim you bring against us in the arbitration. 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions 
of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California. 
6. 
OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE 
CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION.  ANY 
COMPLAINTS CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED 
TO THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION 
AT WWW.DFPI.CA.GOV. 
7. 
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the 
bankruptcy of the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 
101. 
8. 
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure 
document approved by the Commissioner of Financial Protection and Innovation before we ask 
you to consider a material modification of your franchise agreement. The franchisor has or will 
comply with all of the requirements under California Corporations Code, Section 31109.1, with 
respect to negotiated sales.  
9. 
The maximum interest rate to be charged in California is 10%. 
10. 
Any document or portion thereof that serves to disclaim the franchisor’s representation, 
have the effect of waiving the franchisee’s claims under the Franchise Investment Law, shall not 
be applicable to California residents. 
11. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise.   
12.  
California’s Franchise Investment Law (Corporations Code Sections 31512 and 31512.1) 
states that any provision of a franchise agreement or related document requiring the franchisee to 
waive specific provisions of the law is contrary to public policy and is void and unenforceable.  
The law also prohibits a franchisor from disclaiming or denying (i) representations it, its 
employees, or its agents make to you, (ii) your ability to rely on any representations it makes to 
you, or (iii) violations of the law 
This California Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of California or if your business 
will be located in California. 
