ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
A - 7 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM 
AS REQUIRED BY 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ProColor Collision USA LLC Franchise 
Disclosure Document, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and 
apply to all ProColor Collision franchises offered and sold in the state of Minnesota or to a resident 
of the state of Minnesota: 
This Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or your 
business will be located in Minnesota.   
1. 
If you are a resident of Minnesota, or your ProColor Collision franchise is located 
in Minnesota, we will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require, 
except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days’ notice of termination of your Franchise 
Agreement (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of your Franchise 
Agreement, and that transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld. 
2. 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit us 
from requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination 
penalties or judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise 
Agreement or Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce (1) any of your rights as 
provided for in Minnesota Statute 80C or (2) your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
3. 
Under Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g), Minnesota considers it 
unfair to not protect a franchisee’s rights to use a franchisor’s trademark. We will protect your 
right to use the Marks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, 
suit or demand regarding the use of the Marks, provided you have properly used the Marks and 
comply with our instructions regarding their use. 
4. 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release. 
5. 
Minnesota law does not permit us to require you to consent to us obtaining 
injunctive relief. We may seek injunctive relief for certain matters under our agreements with you 
and a court will determine whether we are entitled to the relief. 
6. 
Any limitation of claims must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, 
Subd. 58. 
7.  
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(K) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a security 
deposit except for the purpose of securing against damage to property, equipment, inventory, or 
leaseholds. 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
