ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
38 
ITEM 13. 
TRADEMARKS 
The Franchise Agreement gives you the right to operate a ProColor Collision Center under the 
trade names, trademarks, and service marks that we establish and license to you.  Our parent, 
Mondofix, has applied for registration of the following service marks on the Principal Register of 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), which we consider to be our principal 
marks: 
Mark 
Registration Date 
Registration Number 
April 5, 2022 
6,688,833 
November 2, 2021 
6,548,513 
We obtained the rights to use these Marks and all other marks, logos, commercial symbols, and 
other intellectual property owned by our parent, Mondofix, and to license others to use certain of 
these items, under a License Agreement dated June 30, 2020, between us and Mondofix.  Under 
the terms of that License Agreement, Mondofix may continue to use or license to others the right 
to use these Marks.  We are not restricted in any way in which we use these items and the length 
of the License Agreement is indefinite.  We therefore essentially have all the rights as the owner 
of the intellectual property to license others to use the intellectual property.  If this License 
Agreement were terminated, you would have to stop using these Marks and all other intellectual 
property licensed to us under the License Agreement.   
There are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and 
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, any pending infringement, 
opposition, or cancellation proceedings, or any pending material litigation involving any of our 
Marks which are relevant to the use of these Marks.  No currently effective litigation affects our 
use or rights in any of these Marks.  No currently effective agreement limits our right to use or 
license the use of these Marks.  All affidavits required to preserve and renew the principal marks 
disclosed above have been or will be filed.  We do not know of any infringing uses that could 
materially affect your use of these Marks.   
You must follow our standards when you use the Marks.  You may not use any of the Marks alone 
or with modifying words, designs, or symbols as part of a corporate or business name or in any 
form on the Internet, including, URLs, domain names, hashtags, profiles or accounts, e-mail 
addresses, locators, links, metatags, or search or pay-per-click techniques.  You may not use any 
of the Marks for the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in a manner we have not 
authorized in writing.   
We will protect and maintain all rights to use the Marks against encroachment, misuse, or 
unauthorized use and against all challenges to any rights of use, as we deem appropriate.  You 
