13 
12.5.2
None of the Representing Parties currently have, or have had, any criminal 
convictions (including DUIs, reckless driving convictions, driving on suspended 
license convictions, misdemeanors, felonies, military offenses, etc., but 
specifically excludes juvenile offenses), nor any criminal charges currently 
pending, other than as previously disclosed to Franchisor. 
12.5.3
None of the Representing Parties currently have, or have had, any lawsuits that 
they are, or have been, a party to involving an automobile insurance provider 
(including settlement agreements, arbitrations, or lawsuits, even if such actions 
resulted in dismissal). 
12.5.4
None of the Representing Parties, to the best of their knowledge, are prevented 
from working with, or accepting the insurance work that is essential to this 
Agreement. 
12.5.5
Franchisee will not employ anyone who cannot also make such similar 
representations and warranties as are contained in Sections 12.5.1 through 12.5.4 
above. 
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor of any change to the facts underlying the 
representations set forth in this Section 12.5.  Any breaches of, or any changes in the status 
of, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 12.5.1 to 12.5.4 give us the 
right to immediately terminate this Agreement, without an opportunity to cure.   
13.
PURCHASING OBLIGATIONS 
13.1
Recognizing that the Services must conform to Franchisor’s standards and specifications, 
Franchisee hereby agrees to purchase all goods or services used in the ProColor Collision 
Center including paint and parts, only from Franchisor or from sources, manufacturers or 
suppliers approved or designated in writing by Franchisor (which may include or be limited 
to Franchisor or its Affiliates).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, upon execution of this 
Agreement, Franchisee operates an existing auto collision center and is subject to a vendor 
agreement with a paint supplier, and that agreement cannot be terminated by Franchisee 
without penalty, Franchisee may continue to purchase such paint from the vendor for the 
remaining term of that agreement, but Franchisee recognizes that such authority will allow 
Franchisor to charge Franchisee an additional administrative fee of one and six-tenths of 
one percent (1.6%) of the previous month’s Gross Sales during the term of that agreement.  
Franchisor will have the right to obtain a copy of the agreement for paint and material from 
Franchisee or the supplier.   
13.2
Franchisee shall purchase new (OEM), similar (aftermarket) and recycled parts from 
suppliers Franchisor may designate from time to time. This participation shall be at least 
eighty-five percent (85%) of the total volume of OEM, aftermarket and recycled parts 
purchases made by Franchisee for use in connection with the operation of the ProColor 
Collision Center, excluding sub-contract agreements with dealerships approved by 
Franchisor. In the event the percentage of participation as aforesaid has not been reached, 
Franchisor will prepare a plan for compliance describing how Franchisee can meet this 
minimum participation requirement, and Franchisee shall comply with the plan.  If 
Franchisee is not in compliance with this plan within ninety (90) days after receiving the 
