12 
the Proprietary Rights and the Concept in association with a ProColor Collision center may 
necessitate Franchisee make capital expenditures during the Term in amounts Franchisor 
cannot forecast.  Nothing in this Agreement limits the frequency or cost of future 
modifications to the ProColor Collision Center that Franchisor may require.  Franchisee 
understands and agrees Franchisor has no ability to identify with specificity the nature of 
these possible future modifications or their expected cost, and Franchisee accepts the risk 
that future modifications may be imposed that will require significant capital expenditures 
in an amount that is unknown on the Effective Date and that cannot be fully amortized over 
the period of time then remaining in the Term.   
11.11 Franchisee will permit Franchisor and its representatives to enter and inspect the ProColor 
Collision Center and examine the Services offered by Franchisee to determine whether 
Franchisee is operating the ProColor Collision Center in accordance with this Agreement, 
the Concept and the Operations Manual and properly using the Proprietary Rights.  
Franchisor and its representatives also may interview and otherwise communicate with 
customers of the ProColor Collision Center.  Franchisee will cooperate fully with 
Franchisor during such inspections by providing any assistance requested by Franchisor. 
11.12 Franchisee may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, 
“Feedback”) to Franchisor with respect to the Concept.  All provisions of any Feedback is 
voluntary.  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may use Feedback for any purpose without 
liability or compensation to Franchisee or obligation of any kind, and Franchisee hereby 
grants Franchisor an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, 
world-wide license to use Feedback in connection with any Concept activities conducted 
by Franchisor, Franchisor’s franchisees, or Franchisor’s Affiliates. 
12.
ETHICS 
12.1
Franchisee will prepare and submit to customers true and accurate estimates for the 
Services, fully respect such estimates by providing corresponding Services, and advise 
customers of any changes thereto. 
12.2
Franchisee will cause hazardous materials or pollutants used in or resulting from the 
operation of the ProColor Collision Center to be timely collected and removed solely by 
suppliers who qualify and comply with all applicable laws.
12.3
Franchisee will not sub-contract any Service to any other individual, partnership or other 
entity, except to other franchisees of the Concept. 
12.4
Franchisee will offer the Services and operate the ProColor Collision Center in such a 
manner as to cause minimum environmental impact. 
12.5
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is essential to this Agreement that Franchisee, 
Operator, Owner, and any other owner of Franchisee, can work with insurers, and are not 
included on an insurer blacklist.  To that extent, Franchisee, on behalf of itself, Operator, 
Owner, and any other owner of Franchisee, as applicable (the “Representing Parties”), 
represents and warrants that: 
12.5.1
None of the Representing Parties has ever had disciplinary action taken against 
a business or professional license currently or previously held by them. 
