ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
21 
any time upon our request, you must provide us with certificates of insurance confirming you have 
obtained all the insurance coverage we require.  If you fail or refuse to maintain the insurance 
coverage we require, or fail to timely provide us evidence of this coverage, we shall have the right, 
but not the obligation, to obtain the required insurance coverage.  You will promptly sign all 
applications and other documents required to obtain the required insurance, and will, upon receipt 
of an invoice, immediately reimburse us for the cost of obtaining the required insurance. All 
policies shall indemnify and hold harmless us and contain a waiver of subrogation clause, cross 
liability, severability of interest and be primary and non-contributory. You will promptly report all 
claims and potential claims against you or us or any of your or our affiliates or other related 
companies to its insurers and us.  
You can expect that the items you purchase to meet our specifications will represent between 40% 
and 50% of the total purchases you will make to begin operations.  Once you begin operating, we 
expect the items you purchase that meet our specifications will represent between 35% and 50% 
of your total annual expenses. 
Approved Suppliers 
We have approved certain suppliers of products and services to be used by our franchisees and 
will provide you with a list of these approved suppliers.  All products and services used in the 
ProColor Collision Center, including paint and parts (OEM, aftermarket, and salvage), 
management system, car rentals, and promotional and branded items and materials must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, which may be us or an affiliate or from sources, 
manufacturers, or suppliers approved or designated in writing by us.  As of the issuance date of 
this Disclosure Document, we or our affiliates or parents are the sole supplier of certain 
promotional items that we require you to use in your ProColor Collision Center.  
If upon signing the Franchise Agreement you currently operate an existing auto collision center 
that is subject to a vendor agreement with a paint supplier, and that agreement cannot be terminated 
by you without penalty, you may continue to purchase paint from that vendor for the remaining 
term of that agreement, but you must pay us an additional administrative fee of 1.6% of the prior 
month’s Gross Sales during the term of that agreement.  This administrative fee is due on the 15th 
day of the month for the prior month.  We reserve the right to obtain a copy of the agreement for 
paint and material from you or the supplier. 
You must purchase new (OEM), similar (aftermarket), and recycled parts from suppliers we may 
designate. This participation must be at least 85% of the total volume of OEM, aftermarket, and 
recycled parts purchases that you make for use in connection with the operation of your ProColor 
Collision Center, excluding sub-contract agreements with dealerships approved by us. If this 
participation percentage has not been reached, we will prepare a plan for compliance describing 
how you can meet this minimum participation requirement, and you must comply with this plan.  
If you are not in compliance with this plan within 90 days after receiving the plan (or a longer 
period provided in the plan), you must pay us an additional administrative fee of 1% of the prior 
month’s Gross Sales.  This fee is due on the 15th day of the month following the issuance by us of 
the quarterly report of your purchases. 
We receive and retain rebates from our designated and preferred suppliers. Those rebates are 
currently between 3% and 35% of the purchases you are required to make from these suppliers.  
