ProColor Collision 
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025) 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM 
AS REQUIRED BY 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ProColor Collision USA LLC 
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all ProColor Collision 
franchises offered and sold in the State of California: 
1.
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the 
commissioner. 
2.
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends 
beyond the termination of the franchise. A contract that restrains a former franchisee from 
engaging in a lawful trade or business may be void under California Business and Professions 
Code Section 16600, to the extent such law applies. 
3.
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 
Section 20000 through 20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination 
and non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement and certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement 
relating to termination and non-renewal may be superseded by the Act.  There may also be court 
decisions which may supersede the Franchise Agreement and your relationship with Franchisor, 
including the areas of termination and renewal of Franchisee’s franchise.  If the Franchise 
Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
4.
The Franchise Agreement requires Franchisee to execute a general release of claims 
upon renewal or transfer of the Franchise Agreement.  California Corporations Code 
Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person 
acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order 
thereunder is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment 
Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the 
Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 - 20043)).  To the extent 
required by such laws, Franchisee shall not be required to execute a general release. 
5.
For Franchisees operating outlets located in California, the California Franchise 
Investment Law and the California Franchise Relations Act will apply regardless of the choice of 
law or dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere. Any language in the Franchise Agreement or any 
amendment thereto or any agreement to the contrary is superseded by this condition. 
6.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Minnesota.  
This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
7.
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which give us the right to terminate the 
franchise in the event of your bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy laws 
(11 U.S.C. Sec. 101, et seq.). 
8.
The maximum interest rate to be charged in California is 10%. 
