ProColor Collision 
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025) 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM 
AS REQUIRED BY 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ProColor Collision USA LLC 
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all ProColor Collision 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Minnesota or to a resident of the State of Minnesota: 
1.
We will protect your right to use the Trademarks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or 
expenses arising out of any claim, suit, or demand regarding the use of the Trademarks, provided 
you have properly used the Trademarks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. Minnesota 
considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the trademarks.  Refer to Minnesota 
Statute 80C.12 Subd. 1(g). 
2.  
Section 25 will be amended to require that notice will be given to you at least 90 days 
before we terminate the Franchise Agreement, and you will have 60 days after receiving that notice 
to correct the breach specified in the notice. 
3.  
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(K) prohibits us from requiring a security deposit except for 
the purpose of securing against damage to property, equipment, inventory, or leaseholds. 
4. 
A court of competent jurisdiction will determine whether we are required to post a bond or 
other security to obtain an injunction against you, your Owners or Personal Guarantors, and the 
amount of the bond or other security. 
5. 
Any provisions requiring waiver of a right to a jury trial or punitive damages, or payment 
of liquidated damages are deleted from this Agreement. 
6. 
Any limitation on the time for bringing claims shall not apply to any claims you may have 
under Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17. 
7. 
Any provisions of the Franchise Agreement or any addendum to the Franchise Agreement 
requiring a general release will not apply, but you will still be bound by the other terms and 
conditions of the Franchise Agreement and any addendum thereto. 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise.   
Each provision of this Minnesota Addendum shall be effective only if you are a resident of 
Minnesota or if your business is located in Minnesota. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
