ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
27 
5. 
Provide you with a landing page on our website to advertise your ProColor Collision Center 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 14.4) and an email account using the Marks (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 14.3). 
6. 
Approve or deny the local advertising you conduct for your ProColor Collision Center 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 19.5). 
7. 
Provide standards for the brand, model, and specifications and a list of approved suppliers 
for the inventory and supplies, furniture, fixtures, equipment, branded items, services, and 
other items used in your ProColor Collision Center (Franchise Agreement – Section 13). 
8. 
Provide you access to our online third-party auto body management software, which as of 
the date of this Disclosure Document is the ProColor CCC ONE Package, and, if you are 
converting an existing auto repair facility to a ProColor Collision Center, direct CCC ONE 
or our then-current designated vendor, as applicable, to transfer and transition all of your 
accounts with that supplier to ensure your access for use in the operation of your ProColor 
Collision Center after conversion (Franchise Agreement – Section 14.2).  
Training 
Initial Training Program 
You, the Owner (if you are not an individual), any Operator of your ProColor Collision Center, 
and any other personnel of your ProColor Collision Center specified by us, must successfully 
complete our Initial Training Program (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.1).  The Initial Training 
Program must be completed within 60 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement but in any 
event before you open the ProColor Collision Center (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.1).  The 
Initial Training Program will usually be conducted at your auto body location, in Minnesota at a 
location we specify (typically at our corporate headquarters or in a conference room), or 
electronically.  This training will be held on an as-needed basis as we sell franchises.  We do not 
charge for the Initial Training Program.  You will be responsible for all travel and living expenses 
you and your attendees incur in attending the training.  If you or any other attendee fail to complete 
the Initial Training Program to our satisfaction, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement and 
we will not reimburse the Initial Franchise Fee.    
Our Initial Training Program as of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document consists of 
approximately 3 to 4 days of training.  A breakdown of the subjects taught in the Initial Training 
Program as of December 31, 2024 is as follows: 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
