16 
on Franchisee posting or blogging of comments about Franchisor, the ProColor Collision 
Center, the Concept or the Proprietary Rights.  The foregoing prohibition includes all 
Social Media Sites.   
14.8
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has the absolute right, and sole 
ownership and interest in and to the landing page, Franchisor’s website and any Social 
Media Site related to or which contains any reference to the ProColor Collision Center, the 
Concept or the Proprietary Rights, including, but not limited to, any domain name 
associated therewith or content thereon. Franchisee agrees to take any and all actions as 
may be necessary to assign and transfer access to and the registration or listings thereof to 
Franchisor upon our request or the termination or expiration of this Agreement.  Franchisor 
reserves the right at any time, in our sole discretion, to require Franchisee to remove, delete, 
or modify any Social Media Site, or any information, content or post thereon or made 
thereby, and if Franchisee does not do so, Franchisor reserves the right, in its sole 
discretion, to work with the applicable supplier to do so on Franchisee’s behalf. 
15.
UNIFORMITY 
15.1
Franchisee agrees that the maintenance of the standards of quality and uniformity of 
Services offered or merchandise sold or used under the Concept is essential to the goodwill, 
success, and continued acceptance of the Concept by the Insurers, the United States car 
collision industry and the general public for the benefit of Franchisor, Franchisee and all 
other franchisees of the Concept. 
15.2
Franchisee will sell, merchandise, promote or otherwise deal in all Services specified by 
Franchisor from time to time, and only in such Services, except that Franchisee will be 
entitled to sell or lease cars and offer other products and services as may be approved by 
Franchisor in its sole discretion.  If the ProColor Collision Center does not offer glass repair 
or replacement Services (whether because Franchisor does not permit the offer of such 
items or Franchisee chooses not to offer them), Franchisee agrees to refer such glass repair 
or replacement work to a facility designated by Franchisor in the ProColor Collision 
Center’s market area.  
15.3
Franchisee shall be required to provide all Services to the Insurers in accordance with the 
terms and conditions required by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee will strictly 
comply with the terms of the Operations Manual concerning the handling of the Insurers’ 
car collision claims including, without limitation, the automated estimate procedures and 
car collision repairs technical guidelines. 
15.4
Franchisee will purchase, solely from Franchisor or from such other suppliers specified 
from time to time by Franchisor, and use all promotional items specified from time to time 
by Franchisor for the operation of the ProColor Collision Center. 
15.5
Franchisor may require that Franchisee purchase certain low-cost (less than Fifty Dollars 
($50) per month) promotional items on occasion from time to time. Franchisor shall 
automatically ship and invoice to Franchisee such promotional items and Franchisee will 
accept and pay for same upon receipt. 
