8 
Franchisor (which may include, without limitation, pre-authorized inter-bank transfers or 
by set-off against any amounts Franchisor owes to Franchisee).  
7.3
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 7, Franchisor reserves the right, in its 
sole discretion, to discount the Monthly Franchise Fee for franchisees in certain markets 
and for franchisees operating multiple ProColor Collision Centers.  
7.4
Any and all amounts expressed as being payable pursuant to this Agreement are exclusive 
of any applicable taxes.  Accordingly, if applicable, all payments by Franchisee shall, in 
addition, include an amount equal to any and all goods and services taxes, sales taxes, value 
added taxes, or other taxes, assessments or amounts of a like nature imposed on any 
payments to be made pursuant to this Agreement.  
8.
BOOKKEEPING, REPORTS AND AUDITS 
8.1
Franchisee will establish a bookkeeping, accounting and record-keeping system in 
accordance with the requirements specified from time to time by Franchisor.  All books 
and records relating to the ProColor Collision Center will be kept by Franchisee at the 
Premises or at Franchisee’s principal office, for at least six (6) years after the end of the 
fiscal year to which they relate. 
8.2
Franchisee will submit to Franchisor, in the form and style and containing details and 
breakdown specified from time to time by Franchisor, no later than on the 10th day of each 
month, or at any other time specified by Franchisor, a statement setting out the total Gross 
Sales for the previous month. 
Franchisor may also request, after the end of each fiscal year of Franchisee, a copy of 
Franchisee’s financial statements for such fiscal year prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles and the corresponding income tax return and notices of 
assessment.  Such financial statements will include a balance sheet and a statement of profit 
and loss relating to the ProColor Collision Center (setting forth in each case, in comparative 
form, the corresponding figures for the same period during the previous fiscal year, if any), 
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis 
consistent with the previous fiscal year, if any. 
8.3
At any time and without notice to Franchisee, Franchisor will be entitled to independently 
access, review, and audit the books and records of Franchisee relating to the ProColor 
Collision Center. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisor may also delegate a 
representative to visit the Premises during normal business hours to verify Gross Sales and 
cause a complete audit to be made of the ProColor Collision Center for the period covered 
by any statement submitted or to be submitted to Franchisor under this Section 8.  
Franchisee will cooperate fully with Franchisor during any such inspection or audit.  If any 
audit discloses an understatement of the Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center for 
any period or periods, Franchisee, within five (5) days of receipt of the audit report, shall 
pay to Franchisor any amounts that would have been due on the previously unreported 
Gross Sales.  In addition, if an understatement for any period equals two percent (2%) or 
more of the Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center for the period, Franchisee shall 
reimburse Franchisor for the cost of the audit, including, without limitation, the charges of 
any independent accountant and the travel expenses, room and board, and compensation of 
