11 
11.3
Franchisor will loan one copy of the Operations Manual to Franchisee for the Term; 
Franchisee will conduct the ProColor Collision Center in accordance with all of the 
mandatory terms of the Operations Manual, as may be amended from time to time by 
Franchisor.  Franchisee acknowledges that the Operations Manual is designed to protect 
the Concept and the Trademarks, and the goodwill associated with the Concept and the 
Trademarks, and not to control the day-to-day operation of the ProColor Collision Center.  
Franchisor specifically reserves the right to modify or change provisions of the Operations 
Manual at any time at its sole discretion.    
11.4
Franchisee will operate the ProColor Collision Center with due diligence and efficiency 
and maintain adequate and competent staff as may be necessary to properly serve all 
customers and to offer efficient and courteous service. 
11.5
Franchisee will operate the ProColor Collision Center in full compliance with: (i) all laws, 
ordinances, rules, regulations and orders applicable to Franchisee, the Premises and the 
operation of the ProColor Collision Center, including, without limitation, obtaining and 
maintaining in full force and effect all licenses or permits necessary for the operation of 
the ProColor Collision Center, and (ii) the Concept and Franchisor’s standards of quality, 
service and promotion mandated in the Operations Manual. 
11.6
Franchisee will at all times participate in any insurance, fleet, national account and similar 
programs Franchisor establishes and will comply with all the policies and requirements of 
each such program and any additional applicable insurance required by the insurer or fleet 
account, including signing any additional documents that may be requested or required by 
any third party to participate in the program. 
11.7
Franchisee will maintain good and highly professional and ethical relations with its 
suppliers and clients, including, without limitation, Insurers. 
11.8
Franchisee will comply with the requirements specified from time to time by Franchisor 
with respect to any method or methods to be used in the measurement of customer 
satisfaction.  If Franchisee fails to comply with such requirements, Franchisor may employ 
such methods as it sees fit, on behalf of and at Franchisee’s expense.  Franchisee will 
promptly reimburse Franchisor for its actual time expended and expenses incurred in so 
doing. 
11.9
Franchisee will use the Trademarks in the advertising, marketing, promotion and operation 
of the ProColor Collision Center including, without limitation, using signs bearing the 
Trademarks to be prominently displayed at and upon the Premises and in the form, color 
illumination, number and size specified by Franchisor.  For purposes of clarification, any 
use of the Trademarks shall conform to all of the Franchisor’s specifications, including 
restrictions on color, proportion, placement and as to signage, apparel, marketing, or any 
other usage. 
11.10 Franchisee acknowledges that the Concept will continue to evolve to reflect the changing 
market and to meet new and changing consumer demands, and agrees to promptly accept, 
implement, use and display in the operation of the ProColor Collision Center any additions, 
developments, modifications and changes prescribed by Franchisor, at its sole cost and 
expense.  Franchisee understands and agrees that modifications Franchisor may make to 
