6 
5.3
If Franchisee continues to operate the ProColor Collision Center after the Term of this 
Agreement, without any further agreement in writing signed by Franchisor, then such 
continued operation and the pre-existing and continuing grant of rights under this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be at will only and may be terminated by Franchisor, without 
any cause or reason, upon thirty (30) days notice, but shall otherwise be subject to all the 
other terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
6.
INITIAL FEE 
6.1
Franchisee will pay to Franchisor an initial, non-recurring initial fee of Twenty Thousand 
Dollars ($20,000) plus applicable taxes; provided, however, that if Franchisee already 
operates a ProColor Collision Center under another franchise agreement with Franchisor, 
and is in compliance with the terms of the other franchise agreement(s), or if Franchisee is 
signing at least one other ProColor Collision franchise agreement with Franchisor at the 
same time it is signing this Agreement and is paying an initial fee of Twenty Thousand 
Dollars ($20,000) plus applicable taxes under that agreement, the initial franchise fee 
payable under this Agreement will be reduced to Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000). Such 
initial fee will be payable upon the signing of this Agreement, in consideration of the right 
and license granted to Franchisee in this Agreement. Accordingly, such initial fee will be 
deemed to be fully earned by Franchisor upon signing of this Agreement and will not be 
refundable even if this Agreement is terminated. 
7.
MONTHLY FRANCHISE FEE 
7.1
Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor a continuing monthly franchise fee (the “Monthly 
Franchise Fee”) as follows:  
7.1.1
If the ProColor Collision Center is a new business, or one that did not previously 
operate as an automotive repair center, then the Monthly Franchise Fee shall be 
an amount equal to the greater of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000) or three 
percent (3%) of the Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center. 
7.1.2
If the Pro Color Collision Center was converted from an automotive repair 
business that was operating prior to the Effective Date, then the Monthly 
Franchise Fee shall equal the Monthly Base Franchise Fee, plus the Monthly 
Growth Franchise Royalty.   
7.1.2.1
The “Monthly Base Franchise Fee” shall be an amount equal to the 
greater of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000) or one and one-half percent 
(1.5%) of the Monthly Base Volume.   
7.1.2.2
The “Monthly Growth Franchise Royalty” shall equal three percent 
(3%) of the amount, if any, by which the monthly Gross Sales of the 
ProColor Collision Center exceeds the Monthly Base Volume for the 
preceding calendar month.   
7.1.2.3
The “Monthly Base Volume” shall be the amount equal to the “Annual 
Base Volume,” divided by twelve (12).   
