ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
40 
ITEM 14. 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to the purchase of a franchise. 
We claim copyright protection for our Operations Manual and to advertising and promotional 
materials, forms, checklists, and operating procedures, and related materials that we produce, but 
we have not registered any of these materials with the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress.  
These materials are proprietary and confidential and are our property.  You may use them only as 
long as you are a franchisee, and only as provided in your Franchise Agreement.  We may change 
these items at any time and you must modify your operations to comply with these changes.  We 
will have no liability or obligation because of the discontinuation, modification, or change of any 
item. 
There are currently no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office, USPTO, or 
any court regarding any of our copyrighted materials, nor are any proceedings pending, nor are 
there any currently effective agreements between us and third parties pertaining to our copyrighted 
materials that will or may significantly limit your use of our copyrighted materials.  We are not 
aware of any infringing uses of these materials that could materially affect your use of these 
materials.  We are not required by any agreement to protect or defend our copyrights.  
We will be disclosing to you certain information we believe to be confidential or proprietary 
information and trade secrets.  This will be included in our training, Operating Manual, and in 
materials we may separately provide you.  You may use these materials, in the manner we approve, 
in the operation of your ProColor Collision Center during the duration of your Franchise 
Agreement.  However, you may not use these materials in any other way for your own benefit, or 
communicate or disclose them to, or use them for the benefit of, any other person or entity.  These 
materials include all trade secrets, knowledge or know-how, confidential information, advertising, 
marketing, designs, plans, or methods of operation.  You may disclose this information to your 
Operator and staff but only to the extent necessary to operate the ProColor Collision Center, and 
then only while your Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
