ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
43 
insurance company’s customers and invoiced to the insurance company, based upon the amounts 
we received from the insurance company in the previous month, but we have the right to deduct 
from any payment owing to you the amount of any fees you may owe us or our affiliates. We may 
negotiate volume discounts and/or rebates and other consideration with these companies. You must 
provide to these insurance companies the volume discounts, rebates or other consideration we 
negotiate. You must also comply with all other terms and conditions of contracts we negotiate with 
these insurance companies. 
National Warranty Program 
You must participate in our after-care warranty program, as we may modify from time to time, 
and warrant the products and services provided by your ProColor Collision Center to customers in 
accordance with the policies and procedures we specify (“National Warranty Program”).  We 
have final decision-making authority with respect to the interpretation of, and the settlement of, 
any disputes that may arise in relation to the National Warranty Program, including any disputes 
as between franchisees or franchisees and customers. 
You must honor each National Warranty Program warranty presented to you by the holder, 
regardless whether the warranty was issued by you or by any other ProColor Collision franchisee.  
You may not charge the customer for honoring this warranty, except to the extent permitted by the 
National Warranty Program.  We may modify or discontinue the National Warranty Program at 
any time.  However, you must honor all warranties given to customers before the date of the 
modification or discontinuance in accordance with the terms of these warranties.  You may not 
make any untrue or misleading representations to customers or potential customers concerning the 
National Warranty Program, and must make all affirmative disclosures which may at any time be 
required by us or by law in order to properly advise customers with respect to the National 
Warranty Program. 
Before honoring a warranty issued to a customer by another ProColor Collision franchisee, you 
must prepare an estimate of the services required and submit it to us for prior approval.  If we 
determine that the extent of the services required is substantial based on our then-current standards, 
we may inform the franchisee having issued the warranty, who will have the right to itself perform 
the required services and have the relevant vehicle transported, at its cost, to its ProColor Collision 
center.  You agree not to invoice us for any service required to honor a warranty offered by another 
ProColor Collision franchisee which is worth less than $100.  You must invoice us for any service 
required to honor a warranty offered by another ProColor Collision franchisee which cost $100 or 
more.  Upon receipt of an invoice from you, we will invoice the ProColor Collision franchisee 
having issued the warranty.  We will pay the amount of the invoice to you no later than on the 15th 
day of the following month.  Similarly, if upon receipt of an invoice from another ProColor 
Collision franchisee having honored a warranty issued by you, we will invoice you for the service.  
You must pay the invoice no later than on the 15th day of the following month. We may deduct 
any of these amounts from any payment to be made to you out of the Insurers Account. 
