ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
A - 10 
D.  No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order 
or decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, 
securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a 
concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or is subject 
to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, 
suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or 
exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating 
to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or 
department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate 
broker or sales agent. 
3. 
The following is added at the end of Item 5: 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be 
used as such at our discretion. 
4. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled 
“Requirements for you to renew or extend”, and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for our 
approval of transfer”: 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any 
causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the 
General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued 
thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-
waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.  
5. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled 
“Termination by you”:  
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.  
6. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled 
“Assignment of Contract by Us”:  
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith and 
judgment of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice 
of forum”, and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”:  
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right 
conferred upon the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General 
Business Law of the State of New York. 
8. 
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgments.  No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of 
