18 
17.7
Franchisee will not invoice Franchisor for any Service required to honor a warranty offered 
by another franchisee of the Concept which is worth less than One Hundred Dollars ($100).  
Franchisee will invoice Franchisor for any Service required to honor a warranty offered by 
another franchisee of the Concept which cost One Hundred Dollars ($100) or more.  Upon 
receipt of such invoice from Franchisee, Franchisor will invoice the franchisee of the 
Concept having issued such warranty. Franchisor will pay the amount of any such invoice 
to Franchisee no later than on the 15th day of the following month.  Upon receipt of an 
invoice from a franchisee of the Concept having honored a warranty issued by Franchisee, 
Franchisor will invoice Franchisee therefore.  Any such invoice will be payable by 
Franchisee no later than on the 15th day of the following month. Franchisor may deduct 
any such amount from any payment to be made to Franchisee out of the Insurers Account. 
18.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
18.1
With a view to maintaining regular contact with the franchisees of the Concept in the 
United States and consulting with them, Franchisor may form or has formed an advisory 
committee (the “Advisory Committee”). 
18.2
The rules governing the election, composition, operation and decision-making process of 
the Advisory Committee have been or will be adopted by Franchisor and may be changed 
from time to time by Franchisor.  Each region (as defined from time to time by Franchisor) 
is entitled to one representative, to be elected by the franchisees of the Concept located in 
such region, and Franchisor is entitled to one representative.  Pursuant to those rules, 
members of the Advisory Committee are elected for 2 years. 
18.3
The role of the Advisory Committee is essentially to make recommendations to Franchisor 
with respect to special projects for the Concept, advertising, marketing and other issues 
submitted by Franchisor to the Advisory Committee.  Franchisor will not be bound by any 
recommendations submitted by the Advisory Committee and retains full discretion with 
respect to the issues submitted to same. 
19.
MARKETING AND PROMOTION 
19.1
Franchisor shall have the right to create, maintain, administer and discontinue a general 
marketing fund or funds (the “Marketing Fund”) for such marketing, advertising, public 
relations and promotional programs as Franchisor may deem necessary or appropriate. 
Franchisee shall contribute to the Marketing Fund in each accounting period an amount 
equal to three-quarters of one percent (0.75%) of Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision 
Center; provided, however, that by majority vote of all ProColor Collision centers in the 
United States, this amount may be increased at any time to up to 1% of Gross Sales.  Any 
amounts payable hereunder to the Marketing Fund, shall be paid together with the Monthly 
Franchise Fees hereunder and shall be based upon Gross Sales for the same period in which 
Monthly Franchise Fees are payable. 
19.2
Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, determine how, where, if, and when the Marketing 
Fund may be used and expended for marketing department fees, media costs, commissions, 
market research costs, creative and production costs, including, without limitation, the 
costs of creating promotions and artwork, printing and electronic media costs, placement 
of advertising, and other costs relating to advertising, marketing, public relations and 
