22 
Franchisee’s use of the Trademarks or Franchisee’s business upon the termination, 
expiration, or nonrenewal of this Agreement. 
20.7
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has not made any representation or warranty that 
the Trademarks are registrable or that the offer of Services or the use of the Proprietary 
Rights will not infringe any trademark, patent or any other proprietary mark of any third 
party. 
20.8
From time to time, Franchisor may elect to discontinue the use of any of the Trademarks 
and to commence use of new Trademarks.  Franchisee shall pay all expenses incurred by 
it in discontinuing the use of existing Trademarks in the ProColor Collision Center and 
commencing the use of new Trademarks therein. 
21.
INSURANCE 
Franchisee shall purchase the following insurance policies from insurance companies with a 
financial strength rating of A or better as established by A.M. Best Company: 
21.1
General Liability Insurance. Franchisee must purchase and maintain general liability 
insurance including public and product liability with coverage of at least One Million 
Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual 
aggregate insuring Franchisee and its officers, directors, agents and employees, from and 
against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever, 
including bodily injury, personal injury, death, property damage, products liability and all 
other damages resulting from: (a) the condition, operation, use, business or occupancy of 
the Premises or the ProColor Collision Center and (b) the operation of any customer’s 
vehicle by any of Franchisee’s employees. 
21.2
 Garage Keepers Liability Insurance.  Franchisee must purchase and maintain garage 
keepers insurance with coverage of at least Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual 
aggregate insuring Franchisee and its officers, directors, agents and employees, from and 
against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever, 
including personal injury, death, property damage, fire and theft caused to any customer’s 
vehicle in Franchisee’s care, custody and control as a result of fire, explosion, theft, 
vandalism, riot and civil commotion, and collision.  The garage keepers insurance coverage 
must be written on a direct primary basis and be at least greater of the following: 
21.2.1
Full value of all vehicles under the Franchisee’s care, custody, and control; and  
21.2.2
The maximum value of the type of vehicle that Franchisee usually services. 
The amount insured must be compliant with the clause and co-insurance clause in the 
policy. 
21.3
Vehicle Insurance.  Franchisee must purchase and maintain from Franchisor’s designated 
insurance provider the following minimum levels of insurance coverage for each vehicle 
owned or leased or operated:  (i) comprehensive fire and theft coverage with a maximum 
deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); (ii) collision coverage with a maximum 
deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); (iii) automobile liability insurance with 
minimum limits for bodily injury, property or death of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), 
