7 
7.1.2.4
“Annual Base Volume” shall be the average annual Gross Sales of the 
ProColor Collision Center during the three (3) year period immediately 
preceding the Effective Date of this Agreement, as calculated by 
Franchisor.  If the business had been operating for less than three (3) 
years as of the Effective Date, Franchisor shall calculate the Annual Base 
Volume by annualizing the average monthly Gross Sales of the ProColor 
Collision Center from its opening date to the Effective Date of this 
Agreement.  Franchisee must provide Franchisor all financial statements 
and/or other information that Franchisor reasonably requests to verify 
the Gross Sales during the three (3) year period prior to the Effective 
Date.  Franchisee’s Monthly Base Franchisee Fee, and the Annual Base 
Volume and Monthly Base Volume on which it is based, shall be set 
forth in a Monthly Base Franchise Fee Addendum to this Agreement 
prepared by Franchisor, signed by Franchisor and Franchisee, and in the 
form attached as Schedule “B” to this Agreement. 
7.1.2.5
By way of illustration only, if the Annual Base Volume of the ProColor 
Collision Center was One Million Eight Hundred Dollars ($1,800,000), 
then the Monthly Base Volume for the term of this Agreement would be 
One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000).  If, in a given calendar 
month during this Agreement, the total monthly Gross Sales were equal 
to One Hundred Seventy Thousand Dollars ($170,000), then the Monthly 
Franchise Fee would be Two Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty Dollars 
($2,850), comprised of (i) a Monthly Base Franchise Fee in the amount 
of Two Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($2,250) (i.e. one and one-
half percent (1.5%) of the Monthly Base Volume), plus (ii) a Monthly 
Growth Franchise Royalty in an amount equal to Six Hundred Dollars 
($600) (i.e. three percent (3%) of the amount by which the Monthly 
Gross Sales exceeds the Monthly Base Volume, which is Twenty 
Thousand Dollars ($20,000)).   
7.1.2.6
Franchisor may proceed with an adjustment of the Royalty Fee as 
provided for in this Section 7.1.2 within ninety (90) days of the end of 
Franchisee’s fiscal year.  Any amount owed by Franchisor to Franchisee 
as a result of such adjustment will be credited to Franchisee against the 
amount of the remittance owing by Franchisee for the immediately 
following month, and any amount owed by Franchisee to Franchisor as 
a result of such adjustment will be paid to Franchisor with the remittance 
owing to Franchisor for the immediately following month. 
7.2
The first Monthly Franchise Fee is due on the 15th day following the month during which 
the ProColor Collision Center first opens for business, or in the case of an existing business, 
upon the earlier of the first day the business begins using the Trademarks, and the first day 
it begins operating as a ProColor Collision Center.  Subsequent Monthly Franchise Fees 
shall be due on the 15th day of each subsequent month, with the last Monthly Franchise Fee 
being due within ten (10) days following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.  
These payments will be made using such means as are specified from time to time by 
