10 
standards and specifications, successful completion of the initial training program, furnish 
to Franchisor copies of all required insurance policies and leases or subleases required by 
Franchisor, and Franchisor has provided Franchisee with written certification of the 
completion of all such conditions.  Franchisee shall not open the ProColor Collision Center 
if the ProColor Collision Center does not conform to the plans and specifications approved 
by Franchisor, including changes thereof approved by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall correct 
any unauthorized variance from the approved plans and specifications promptly, and open 
the ProColor Collision Center within ninety (90) days after the date of this Agreement (for 
a conversion of an existing auto repair facility to the Concept) or within one hundred eighty 
(180) days after the date of this Agreement (for a newly developed ProColor Collision 
Center).   
10.
INSURERS ACCOUNT 
10.1
Franchisor will deposit in a separate account maintained for such purpose, upon their 
receipt, all monies received from Insurers as payment for Services approved by such 
Insurers and performed by the franchisees of the Concept in the State in which the ProColor 
Collision Center is located (the “Insurers Account”).  Franchisor will, no later than on the 
15th day and the last day of each month, pay to Franchisee all amounts owing to Franchisee 
for Services provided to such Insurers’ customers and invoiced to such Insurers, based 
upon the amounts received from such Insurers in the previous month. 
10.2
Franchisee understands and agrees that Franchisor may negotiate volume rebates and other 
consideration which are to be paid by Franchisee to certain Insurers. Accordingly, 
Franchisee agrees to pay to any such Insurer the volume rebates or other consideration 
required by Franchisor from time to time which are to be calculated using the formula 
negotiated by Franchisor on the basis of the corresponding volume of business obtained by 
Franchisee from that Insurer or such other criteria as Franchisor may from time to time 
establish, or Franchisor may deduct these amounts from any remittance paid to Franchisor 
by the Insurer. Franchisee further undertakes to comply with all terms and conditions of 
contracts negotiated with Insurers by Franchisor. 
10.3
Franchisor shall maintain an insurance against “theft, misappropriation of funds or fraud” 
for an amount exceeding the dollar amount of the total by-monthly transactions occurring 
in the Insurers’ Account. This insurance will benefit franchisees of the ProColor Collision 
centers network in the case of a fraud being perpetrated by Franchisor’s employees or 
officers. 
11.
CORPORATE IMAGE 
11.1
Franchisee will cause the layout, design and decoration of the reception area of the 
Premises to conform to Franchisor’s specifications. 
11.2
Franchisee will maintain the condition and appearance of the ProColor Collision Center as 
an attractive, convenient and efficiently operated business offering high quality Services.  
Franchisee agrees to effect such maintenance of the Premises as is required from time to 
time to maintain such condition, appearance and efficient operation as well as to meet 
Franchisor’s then-current image including, without limitation, replacement of worn out or 
obsolete fixtures, equipment and signs. 
