ProColor Collision USA LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
8
Revenue recognition
The Company applies revenue recognition guidance under ASC 606 Revenue from contracts with customers.
Sales arrangements with franchising generally include a combination of royalties, vendor rebates and other
services. The Company determines whether performance obligations are distinct based on whether the customer
can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and
whether the commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other
obligations in the contract. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations under the terms of a
contract or arrangement are satisfied, which generally occurs when, or as, control of the promised products or
services is transferred to franchisees/customers. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to a customer and by allocation the
transaction price based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation.
Revenues generated from royalties charged to franchisees [monthly continuing fee from the franchisee equals to
the greater of a stated percentage of the franchisee’s gross sales and a stated minimum] are recognized and
established based on the monthly franchisees’ retail sales.
Allowances and discounts from vendors are recognized based on actual periodic purchases from these vendors
and the related contractual terms and, when the consideration is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably
assured.
Contributions received from franchisees for various services consist of items such as initial fees charged to new
franchisees, the sale of promotional items to franchisees, contributions from franchisees to marketing and
administrative initiatives and other. These revenues are recognized when earned and services have been
rendered. Revenue from initial fees for the license are deferred and recognized over the related license term.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. Operating leases are included in
operating lease right-of-use [“ROU”] assets and current and non-current operating lease liabilities on the
Company’s balance sheet. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset which it controls
for the lease term and the corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligations to make lease payments arising
from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the
present value of the unpaid lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments used to measure lease liabilities
include fixed lease payments at the lease commencement date. As the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit
rate, an election was made to use risk-free rates for all leases as at the commencement date, in determining the
present value of future payments. The ROU asset is measured as the amount of the initial lease liability and
adjusted for initial direct costs, lease payments made at or before the commencement date and reduced by tenant
incentives received. The Company does not include options for renewal periods or periods beyond the termination
dates in the lease in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities until it is reasonably certain that those
options will be exercised based on management's assessment of various relevant factors including economic,
entity specific, and market-based factors amongst others. Lease expenses for lease payments under operating
leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less
[short-term leases], the Company elected to not recognize the ROU asset or lease liability, and the lease payments
are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term.
