ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
17 
below). These estimates are based on the experiences of our affiliates in operating 
auto body shops under other trademarks and service marks. 
Note 3. 
The Initial Franchise Fee is typically $20,000.  However, if you are an existing 
franchisee operating a ProColor Collision Center franchise in good standing 
(including current on all fees payable to us, our affiliates, and vendors) and you are 
purchasing an additional ProColor Collision Center franchise, or if you purchase 
multiple franchises from us at the same time, we will reduce the Initial Franchise 
Fee to $10,000 for the second and subsequent franchises.   
Note 4. 
We do not charge a fee for the Initial Training Program.  You must pay for any 
airfare, meals, transportation costs, salaries, benefits, lodging, and incidental 
expenses for all attendees.  The low estimate assumes only you, as the Owner and 
Operator of your ProColor Collision Center, attend the Initial Training Program 
and that you either drive to training or obtain a discounted airfare and budget hotel 
accommodations.  The high estimate assumes only you, as the Owner and Operator 
of your ProColor Collision Center, attend the Initial Training Program and your 
travel costs are higher.  Your actual costs will vary depending on the location of the 
Initial Training Program, distance to be traveled, your method of travel, and your 
personal circumstances.  Your costs will also be higher if you have additional 
people attend this training.   
Note 5. 
These estimates assume your ProColor Collision Center has between 10,000 and 
15,000 square feet of production space, between 20,000 and 30,000 square feet of 
parking and yard space, and between 2,000 and 5,000 square feet of office space.  
For a conversion of an existing auto repair facility to a ProColor Collision Center, 
the low estimate assumes your existing auto repair facility only requires minor 
leasehold improvements, and the high estimate assumes your existing facility 
requires more extensive changes to meet our standards (but does not require 
complete demolition of the interior or exterior).  These estimates do not include 
rent costs as you are converting your existing auto repair facility, whether leased or 
owned, to a ProColor Collision Center.  
For a newly developed ProColor Collision Center, the low estimate assumes you 
lease a new space that requires minor leasehold improvements, and the high 
estimate assumes you purchase and develop a new facility with a 20% down 
payment on a purchase price of $1,000,000.  If you lease a space, rent costs are 
generally between $6 and $20 per square foot, not including CAM or taxes, but 
may be higher in large metropolitan areas. 
Note 6. 
Your ProColor Collision Center must be equipped with the minimum furniture, 
fixtures, and equipment that we require. Your investment will vary depending on 
the type and amount of furniture, fixtures, and equipment you purchase, and 
whether you are converting an existing auto repair facility to a ProColor Collision 
Center or developing a new ProColor Collision Center.  
Note 7. 
The initial inventory required for your ProColor Collision Center consists of 
supplies related to collision repair, including tape, paint, cleaning supplies, and 
paper supplies (including estimate sheets, invoices, and promotional material). 
