ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
12 
Note 1. 
If the ProColor Collision Center is a new business, or one that did not previously 
operate as an automotive repair center, then the Monthly Franchise Fee is the 
greater of $2,000 or 3% of the Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center.   
If the ProColor Collision Center was converted from an existing auto repair facility 
that was operating before you sign the Franchise Agreement, then the Monthly 
Franchise Fee is equal to the Monthly Base Franchise Fee plus the Monthly Growth 
Franchise Royalty.  The “Monthly Base Franchise Fee” is an amount equal to the 
greater of $2,000 or 1.5% of the Monthly Base Volume.  The “Monthly Growth 
Franchise Royalty” is 3% of the amount, if any, by which the monthly Gross Sales 
of the ProColor Collision Center exceeds the Monthly Base Volume for the 
preceding calendar month.  The “Monthly Base Volume” is an amount equal to 
the Annual Base Volume divided by 12.  The “Annual Base Volume” is the 
average annual Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center during the 3-year 
period immediately before the effective date of the Franchise Agreement, as 
calculated by us. If the ProColor Collision Center had been operating for less than 
3 years as of this effective date, we will calculate the Annual Base Volume by 
annualizing the average monthly Gross Sales of the ProColor Collision Center from 
its opening date to this effective date.  You must provide us all financial statements 
and other information that we reasonably request to verify the Gross Sales during 
the 3-year period before this effective date.  Your Monthly Base Franchisee Fee, 
and the Annual Base Volume and Monthly Base Volume on which it is based, shall 
be set forth in a Monthly Base Franchise Fee Addendum to the Franchise 
Agreement prepared by us, signed by us and you, and in the form attached as 
Schedule “B” to the Franchise Agreement.  We may adjust the Monthly Franchise 
Fee within 90 days of the end of your fiscal year.  Any amount owed by us to you 
as a result of the adjustment will be credited to you against the amount of the 
remittance owing by you for the immediately following month, and any amount 
owed by you to us as a result of the adjustment will be paid to us with the remittance 
owing to us for the immediately following month. 
“Gross Sales” means the entire amount of all revenues derived from the sale of 
motor vehicle body repair services, as well as other products and services that we 
may specify, and other income resulting from the operation of the ProColor 
Collision Center, whether performed at the location of your ProColor Collision 
Center or elsewhere, and whether payment is made by way of cash, credit, barter 
(based on the stated retail price of goods or services received), or otherwise, as well 
as proceeds from any business interruption insurance received with respect to the 
ProColor Collision Center.  There will not be any deduction for uncollected or 
uncollectible credit accounts or any other matter, except for sums collected by you 
and paid to any governmental authority on account of any direct tax on retail sales 
made by you (but not income taxes).  Excluded from Gross Sales are all sales of 
cars, as well as sales derived from the operation of other businesses at the premises 
not contemplated by the Franchise Agreement but which are complementary to the 
ProColor Collision Center, managed distinctly from the ProColor Collision Center, 
and approved in writing by us. 
