ProColor FDD (03/2025) 
32 
designed to solicit the sale of franchises.  During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
expenditures from the Marketing Fund were made in the following categories: 
Item 
Percent Expended 
ProColor Online Marketing Program 
Maintenance, Customer Service Support 
and Tracking 
0.3% 
ProColor Reputation Management 
1.6% 
ProColor Social Media Management 
0.8% 
Advertising Placements 
65.8%
General Administration 
3.7%
Trade Show and Events 
27.8%
Any unused amounts in the Marketing Fund in any calendar year will be carried over to the 
following year.  We will use any interest the Marketing Fund earns for marketing before we use 
any principal.  We will prepare a statement of the operations of the Marketing Fund annually and 
which will be made available to you upon request, but these statements will not be audited.  We 
may, but have no obligation to, loan amounts to the Marketing Fund and can determine the 
repayment obligation of the Marketing Fund, including interest rate of the loan and repayment 
terms, as we see fit. 
We do not have an advertising council that advises us on advertising policies.  If we form one, we 
anticipate it will only be advisory, as we will make all final decisions as to the use of the Marketing 
Fund. 
Local Marketing 
We recommend, but do not require, you to advertise, market, and promote your ProColor Collision 
Center locally at your expense (Franchise Agreement – Section 19.4).  You must obtain our prior 
written approval of all marketing you engage in for your ProColor Collision Center which have 
not been prepared or previously approved by us (Franchise Agreement – Section 19.5).  You may 
not establish, or have established, any websites, hashtags, profiles, or accounts relating to us, your 
ProColor Collision Center, or to the System (Franchise Agreement – Section 14.4).  All local 
marketing you engage in must meet our specifications and be consistent with the quality and 
general overall image of the advertising and promotional campaigns we conduct. You are 
ultimately responsible for insuring that your advertising complies with all applicable laws before 
using it. 
Although we can require you to, we do not currently require our franchisees to participate in a 
local or regional advertising cooperative.  If we do, we will define the area of membership of the 
cooperative and determine how much you must contribute to the cooperative.  If we establish a 
cooperative in a market serviced by ProColor Collision Center we or our affiliates own, they will 
participate in the cooperative too.  We will be responsible for administering any cooperatives.  We 
do not anticipate any cooperatives will operate from governing documents or prepare annual or 
