15 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
plans and programs, within the timeframe Hyatt specifies after Franchisee receives written notice 
from Hyatt.  Franchisee may not use Guest Information in conducting marketing, advertising and 
promotional programs for the Hotel unless conducted by or through Hyatt or with Hyatt’s 
supervision in each instance.  Franchisee shall pay Hyatt the reasonable fees that Hyatt periodically 
establishes for optional marketing, advertising and promotional materials and programs that 
Franchisee chooses to acquire from Hyatt or its Affiliates or in which Franchisee chooses to 
participate.  
5.4
Websites and Electronic Media.   
(a)
Hyatt may maintain (or authorize any other entity to maintain) the Hotel 
System Website to advertise, market and promote all or a certain group of Brand Hotels 
that Hyatt periodically specifies (and, at Hyatt’s option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).  
Franchisee must comply with all System Standards relating to the Hotel System Website, 
including by providing Hyatt (or its designee) all information and other materials 
concerning the Hotel that Hyatt periodically requests and promptly notifying Hyatt 
whenever any information concerning the Hotel on the Hotel System Website is no longer 
accurate.  By providing Hotel-related information and materials, Franchisee is representing 
to Hyatt that they are accurate and not misleading and do not infringe any third party’s 
intellectual property or other rights.  Hyatt shall have the final decision about all 
information or materials appearing on the Hotel System Website.  As between Hyatt and 
Franchisee, Hyatt owns all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to the Hotel 
System Website, including data that visitors supply or the Hotel System Website obtains.  
Hyatt may discontinue the Hotel System Website and/or any of its content (including 
separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time. 
(b)
Franchisee may not develop, maintain or authorize any website or other 
electronic medium (other than the Hotel System Website) that either has the word “hyatt” 
or any similar word, or any of the Proprietary Marks, as part of its domain name or URL 
or that accepts reservations for the Hotel (other than through an approved link to a Hotel 
System Website) or otherwise sells any products or services associated with the Hotel or 
any of the Proprietary Marks.  In addition, except for the Hotel System Website, approved 
ADS, and as otherwise provided in this Section 5.4, Franchisee may not develop, maintain 
or authorize any other website, other online presence or other electronic medium that 
describes or in any other way promotes the Hotel or displays any of the Proprietary Marks.  
Franchisee may, with Hyatt’s approval (which it will not unreasonably withhold) and 
subject to compliance with System Standards, authorize any Travel Services Website or 
Franchisee Organization Website to list and promote the Hotel together with other hotels.    
5.5
Cooperative Advertising Programs.  Hyatt may identify a region in which two 
(2) or more Brand Hotels are located in order to establish a local or regional advertising cooperative 
(a “Cooperative”).  Hyatt may form, change, dissolve and merge Cooperatives.  The 
Cooperative’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to plan, discuss, organize, 
develop, utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs and materials on a collective basis (and to cover related expenses) for participating Brand 
Hotels.  Hyatt will not require Franchisee to participate in a Cooperative.  However, if Franchisee 
chooses to participate in the Cooperative, Franchisee must do so according to the Cooperative’s 
