Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024 reflects preliminary estimates of the fair value of the assets 
acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest in the entity based on available information as of the acquisition date. 
The fair values of intangible assets acquired were estimated using either discounted future cash flow models or the relief from 
royalty method, both of which include revenue projections based on the expected contract terms and long-term growth rates, 
which are primarily Level Three assumptions. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest related to the equity interests in the 
VIE held by our venture partner was estimated based on 50% of enterprise value of the entity. The remaining assets and 
liabilities were recorded at their carrying values, which approximate their fair values.
We will continue to evaluate the contracts acquired and the underlying inputs and assumptions used in our valuation of 
assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and the noncontrolling interest in the entity. Accordingly, these estimates, along with any 
related tax impacts, are subject to change during the measurement period, which is up to one year from the date of acquisition. 
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the acquisition date: 
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
2 
Receivables (1)
 
15 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
 
1 
Goodwill (2)
 
336 
Indefinite-lived intangibles (3)
 
84 
Management and hotel services agreement intangibles (4)
 
433 
Other assets (5)
 
50 
Total assets acquired
$ 
921 
Accounts payable (1)
$ 
15 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
1 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
 
1 
Other long-term liabilities (5)
 
162 
Total liabilities assumed
 
179 
Noncontrolling interest
 
277 
Total net assets acquired attributable to Hyatt Hotels Corporation
$ 
465 
(1) Relates to value added taxes. We recorded an offsetting payable as amounts to be received are due to a third-party.
(2) The goodwill is attributable to the growth opportunities we expect to realize by expanding our all-inclusive resort offerings and destination 
management services as well as synergies we expect to realize in the future through our management of and licensing of the Bahia 
Principe brand to the Unlimited Vacation Club business. Goodwill is not tax deductible. At December 31, 2024, we have not completed 
the assignment of goodwill to reporting units due to the close proximity of the closing date and our year end (see Note 9).
(3) Relates to the Bahia Principe brand name.
(4) Amortized over useful lives of approximately 25 to 31 years, with a weighted-average useful life of approximately 28 years.
(5) Includes $50 million of prior year tax liabilities relating to certain foreign filing positions, including interest. We recorded an offsetting 
indemnification asset in other assets that we expect to collect under contractual agreements (see Note 10 and Note 14).
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized $11 million of transaction costs, primarily related to 
regulatory, financial advisory, and legal fees, in transaction and integration costs on our consolidated statements of income.
Alua Portfolio—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we completed an asset acquisition of Alua Atlántico Golf 
Resort, Alua Tenerife, and AluaSoul Orotava Valley through a locked box structure. The enterprise value of €117 million was 
subject to customary adjustments related to indebtedness and net working capital as of the locked box date, as well as a value 
accrual representing the economic value of the locked box date through the acquisition date. At closing, we paid €61 million of 
cash (approximately $65 million), including $4 million of cash acquired. Assets acquired primarily include $123 million of 
property and equipment, and liabilities assumed primarily include $53 million of long-term debt (see Note 11). All assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded within our owned and leased segment on our consolidated balance sheet.
Standard International—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding 
equity interests of certain entities collectively doing business as Standard International for $150 million of base consideration, 
subject to customary adjustments related to working capital, cash, and indebtedness, and up to an additional $185 million of 
contingent consideration to be paid upon the achievement of certain milestones related to the development of additional hotels 
and/or potential new hotels identified by the sellers through 2028.
