41 
Hyatt Centric 2025-2026 FDD 
1615749622.3 
neighborhood, competition from other lodging facilities in the area, the nature of other 
businesses near the site, and other commercial characteristics (including the purchase price 
or rental obligations and other lease terms) and the proposed site’s size, appearance, and 
other physical characteristics.  You may not develop a Brand Hotel at a site that we do not 
approve.  We and you will not sign a Franchise Agreement until you have located and we 
have approved the Hotel’s site.  If you are converting an existing hotel from another brand 
to the Hotel System, we will inspect the hotel and prepare a PIP to provide details on our 
upgrade requirements.  Each Comfort Letter Party must sign a comfort letter or similar 
agreement that we reasonably specify.  (Sections 2.1 and 2.7 of Franchise Agreement) 
2.
Communicate our then current specifications and requirements for 
designing and developing a Brand Hotel, including the Design and Construction Standards.  
We will provide a briefing virtually, at our headquarters, or at another location we 
designate, to acquaint your managing owner or senior operations officer with our building 
process and support structure.  If you are constructing a new Hotel at the site, you must 
design and construct the Hotel according to our Design and Construction Standards and 
Hotel System, and we and/or Hyatt Corporation will provide technical and design 
assistance related to the Hotel's development.  If you are converting an existing hotel from 
another brand to the Hotel System, you must renovate the Hotel according to the PIP, which 
may reference some or all of our Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  
The PIP is attached to the Franchise Agreement when we and you sign it.  You may not 
make any material changes to plans set forth in the PIP (including any changes to any 
structural or life safety equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or 
common areas, or any architectural features), without our prior written consent, which we 
will not unreasonably withhold.  We and our affiliates may operate, and authorize others 
to operate, Brand Hotels within or outside the United States providing additional, fewer 
and/or different amenities and services to guests than the Hotel provides, or that otherwise 
operate in a manner that is substantially different from the manner in which the Hotel 
operates.  We may establish and periodically modify the Hotel System and System 
Standards for certain Brand Hotels in a manner that is different from the Hotel System and 
System Standards that apply to some or all Brand Hotels within or outside the United 
States.  (Sections 2.1 2.6 and 2.8 and Exhibit B-3 of Franchise Agreement) 
3.
As described in Item 8, identify the brands, types, makes and/or models of 
FF&E and other items (including both products and services) that meet our System 
Standards and, if we require, designated and approved suppliers of these items.  We or our 
designated affiliate will directly provide and deliver, and in certain cases install, some 
items.  We will provide you with the names of approved suppliers for some items.  Our 
System Standards or other communications provide our standards and specifications for 
some items.  (Sections 3.3, 4.3 and 4.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
4.
Approve your initial design development documents and detailed plans for 
a new Hotel or renovation plans for conversion of an existing structure, including working 
drawings and specifications, if they comply with our Design and Construction Standards, 
the Hotel System and System Standards.  You must prepare and submit the plans to us for 
our approval and change the plans as we specify.  You may not begin constructing, 
