Hyatt Regency Irvine—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired Hyatt Regency Irvine from an unrelated 
third party for $135 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments. Upon completion of the asset acquisition, we 
recorded $135 million of property and equipment within our owned and leased segment on our consolidated balance sheet.
Dispositions
Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago to 
an unrelated third party and accounted for the transaction as an asset disposition. We received $11 million of proceeds, net of 
closing costs and proration adjustments, issued a $20 million secured financing receivable with a maturity date of five years 
(see Note 6), and committed to loan up to $45 million for a future renovation. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term franchise 
agreement for the property. The sale resulted in a $5 million pre-tax loss, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real 
estate and other on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024. The operating results and 
financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
Hyatt Regency Orlando—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold Hyatt Regency Orlando and an adjacent 
undeveloped land parcel to an unrelated third party. We received $723 million of cash consideration, net of cash disposed, 
closing costs, and proration adjustments, and accounted for the transaction as an asset disposition.
In conjunction with the sale, we received a $265 million preferred equity investment in the parent of the third-party entity 
that owns the property. Upon sale, we estimated the fair value of our preferred equity investment, which is redeemable at our 
option on various dates starting in 2030, to be approximately $188 million and recorded a HTM debt security within other 
assets on our consolidated balance sheet (see Note 4). The fair value was estimated using a probability-based discounted future 
cash flow model and includes assumptions and judgments regarding the probability weighting, discount rates, and expected 
timing of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
Additionally, we provided $50 million of seller financing with an initial maturity date of five years for the adjacent 
undeveloped land parcel. Upon sale, we estimated the fair value of the seller financing to be approximately $34 million and 
recorded an unsecured financing receivable on our consolidated balance sheet (see Note 6). The fair value was estimated using 
a discounted future cash flow model and includes assumptions and judgments regarding the discount rate and expected timing 
of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management agreement for the property and a development agreement for the 
adjacent undeveloped land parcel. The sale resulted in a $514 million pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on 
sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024. The operating 
results and financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
Park Hyatt Zurich—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold Park Hyatt Zurich to an unrelated third party and 
accounted for the transaction as an asset disposition. We received proceeds of CHF 220 million (approximately $244 million), 
net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and issued a CHF 41 million (approximately $45 million) secured financing 
receivable with an initial maturity date of five years (see Note 6). Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management 
agreement for the property. The sale resulted in a $257 million pre-tax gain, including the reclassification of $6 million of 
currency translation gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note 16), which was recognized in gains (losses) on 
sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024. The operating 
results and financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
Hyatt Regency San Antonio Riverwalk—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold Hyatt Regency San Antonio 
Riverwalk to an unrelated third party for $226 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and accounted for the 
transaction as an asset disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management agreement for the property. The sale 
resulted in a $100 million pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our 
consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024. The operating results and financial position of 
this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
Hyatt Regency Green Bay—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold Hyatt Regency Green Bay to an 
unrelated third party for $3 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and accounted for the transaction as an asset 
disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term franchise agreement for the property. The sale resulted in a $4 million pre-
tax loss, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income 
during the year ended December 31, 2024. The operating results and financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain 
within our owned and leased segment.
Hyatt Regency Aruba Resort Spa and Casino—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we sold the shares of the 
entities that own Hyatt Regency Aruba Resort Spa and Casino to an unrelated third party and accounted for the transaction as 
