35 
Hyatt Centric 2025-2026 FDD 
1615749622.3 
Approved Suppliers, Hotel System and System Standards 
Promptly after preparing the plans for your Hotel’s construction or remodeling, you must 
prepare and deliver to us for our approval a plan for conducting and administering the F&B 
Operations at the Hotel (the “F&B Operations Plan”).  The F&B Operations Plan will contain the 
identity of any proposed restaurant operator or other operator of some or all F&B Operations at 
the Hotel (other than you or your approved management company) (each an “F&B Operator”) and 
the restaurant concept(s) that you plan to incorporate as part of or adjacent to the Hotel.  You must 
make the modifications to the F&B Operations Plan that we reasonably specify and ensure that the 
Hotel and its F&B Operations operate according to the approved F&B Operations Plan.  You may 
not make any material changes to the F&B Operations Plan (including any changes to the proposed 
restaurant concept(s) and/or F&B Operator(s)) without our prior written approval.  Before the 
Hotel begins operating under the Proprietary Marks, you must require each F&B Operator to sign 
the documents we reasonably specify to protect our (and our affiliates’) intellectual property and 
other rights.  At our option, you must submit to us for our prior approval any proposed lease or 
other agreement between you (or your affiliate or management company) and the F&B Operator 
under which the F&B Operator will conduct F&B Operations, in which case you may not sign (or 
permit your affiliate or management company to sign) any lease or other agreement that we have 
not approved. 
If the Hotel has Spa Operations, you may subcontract the management of the Spa 
Operations to an operator (other than the approved management company) (the “Spa Operator”) 
only if (a) we (in our sole judgment) approve of the Spa Operator, the spa concept and the terms 
of the lease or other arrangement between you and the Spa Operator; (b) the Spa Operator complies 
with all applicable System Standards; and (c) the spa does not use the Proprietary Marks in any 
manner (unless we authorize that use in writing). 
If you or your management company do not have in-house technology services support, 
you must contract with a third party technology consultant that meets our qualifications for 
“break/fix” support.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and web filtering 
tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, as applicable. 
You currently must use our designated third party provider of travel agent commission 
program services.  This provider calculates travel agent commissions, remits them to travel agents 
and collects them from participating hotels.  You also must use our designated provider of quality 
assurance and inspection services.  Except as described in this Item or in Item 5 or 6, there currently 
are no goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, 
real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Hotel that you must buy 
from us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers.  Except for The Living Company, 
which may provide some FF&E to Brand Hotels, none of our officers currently owns an interest 
in any supplier to Brand Hotel franchisees. 
However, you must buy or lease most other products and services for your Hotel according 
to our System Standards.  We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our 
affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in operating Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network 
Hotels.  Our standards and specifications may impose minimum requirements for delivery, 
performance, reputation, prices, quality, design, and appearance, among other factors.  You must 
