36 
Hyatt Centric 2025-2026 FDD 
1615749622.3 
ensure that the Hotel strictly complies with all applicable laws and maintains adequate insurance 
policy coverage in the amounts that we periodically specify.  Our System Standards or other 
communications will identify our standards and specifications and/or names of approved suppliers. 
If you wish to obtain any FF&E, supplies, or other goods and services from a source that 
we have not previously approved as meeting our System Standards (for those items that require 
supplier approval), you must send us a written request with any information and samples we 
consider necessary to determine whether the product, service and source meet our then current 
criteria.  If you comply with our processes and procedures, we will respond to your request within 
a reasonable time period (typically 30 days) after receiving all information we request.  We may 
charge you our costs to review your request and evaluate the product, service and/or source.  We 
may condition our approval on standards and requirements relating to quality, quantity, warranties, 
prices, volume capability, frequency of delivery, distribution methods and locations, standards of 
service (including prompt attention to complaints), consistency, reliability, financial capability, 
labor and customer relations, the willingness and ability to comply with our vendor compliance 
guide and other criteria.  We may modify our System Standards in this area as we deem best.  We 
may, at our option, revoke our approval of certain goods, services or sources if they fail to continue 
to meet our System Standards.  We may designate a particular source for, or model or brand of, 
FF&E, supplies or other goods or services that we (in our sole judgment) determine to be critical 
to the Hotel System. 
If the Hyatt Group receives any payments from vendors or service providers whose costs 
are included as part of System Services Costs, the Hyatt Group currently will offset them against 
System Services Costs.  We and our affiliates may receive rebates, commissions, payments, 
benefits and other material consideration from suppliers on account of their actual or prospective 
dealings with you and other franchisees and owners of Brand Hotels, but neither we nor our 
affiliates will receive rebates from suppliers based solely on the volume of your purchases from 
those suppliers unless we either forward those rebates to you, use them to cover System Services 
Costs, or otherwise use those rebates for the benefit of the Hotel System or the Brand Hotel 
network.  During the 2024 fiscal year, Hyatt Corporation received $52,108 in rebates from 
suppliers of food and beverage products and office supplies based on purchases that franchised 
Brand Hotels made from those suppliers, but Hyatt Corporation used this entire amount to offset 
part of the System Services Costs. In addition, Brand Hotel network suppliers attending franchisee 
conventions, conferences, or other meetings of Brand Hotel owners make contributions to us or 
other members of the Hyatt Group (which do not derive from franchisee purchases) that we use to 
defray your and other franchisees’ and owners’ costs of attending these functions.  Except for these 
payments, neither we nor our affiliates currently receive, or have negotiated to receive, similar 
payments or other material consideration from suppliers based on our franchisees’ purchases or 
leases, although our affiliates currently receive rebates from suppliers based on goods and services 
they buy for Brand Hotels that they operate.
You also must participate in and comply with the terms of all of our mandatory marketing, 
reservation service, rate and room inventory management, advertising, cooperative advertising, 
guest frequency and loyalty, social responsibility, discount or promotional, customer award, 
customer loyalty, Internet, computer, training and operating programs, including a PMS that 
interfaces with the CRS or any other central reservation system that we periodically adopt.  We 
