26 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
11.6
Guest Information.  All Guest Information is Hyatt’s property and part of 
Confidential Information.  Hyatt has the right from time to time during the Term, without notice 
to Franchisee, to access the Hotel’s property management system and other computer systems to 
retrieve Guest Information.  Hyatt and its Affiliates may use, and allow others to use, the Guest 
Information in any manner that Hyatt deems appropriate (subject to applicable law).   
Franchisee may use the Guest Information, and certain other information and data relating 
to guests and customers of other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels that Hyatt 
periodically specifies, during the Term only to provide services to guests and potential guests of 
the Hotel in accordance with the System Standards and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.  
Franchisee must ensure that its Affiliates may not access, and neither Franchisee nor any of its 
Affiliates may use, any such Guest Information or such other information and data in any other 
business or capacity.  However, following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, 
Franchisee may use, and allow its Affiliates and others to use, any Guest Information that was 
generated at the Hotel (and not supplied to the Hotel by Hyatt or its Affiliate) during the guest’s 
stay at the Hotel and stored in the Hotel’s property management system database in any manner 
that Franchisee deems appropriate (subject to applicable law) at Franchisee’s own risk, provided 
that Franchisee complies, and ensures that any recipients of that Guest Information from 
Franchisee (whether directly or indirectly) comply, with Hyatt’s then current policies and 
procedures regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and transfer of personal and/or 
financial data.  If there is a Data Breach, Franchisee must notify Hyatt promptly and Hyatt may 
require Franchisee to use a third party supplier designated by Hyatt, at Franchisee’s sole cost and 
expense, to review and if necessary, remediate such breach or unauthorized access.  Franchisee 
shall not take any action that could jeopardize Hyatt’s or its Affiliate’s ability to comply with, or 
make certifications under, any law, regulation, contract, program or policy related to Guest 
Information (including Privacy Laws, privacy notices and PCI certifications) and applicable to 
Hyatt or such Affiliate. 
11.7
Innovations.  All Innovations must be promptly disclosed to Hyatt and will be 
deemed to be Hyatt’s or its Affiliate’s sole and exclusive property, part of the Hotel System, and 
works made-for-hire for Hyatt or its Affiliates.  However, Franchisee may not use any Innovation 
in operating the Hotel or otherwise without Hyatt’s prior written consent.  If any Innovation does 
not qualify as a “work made-for-hire” for Hyatt or its Affiliate, by this paragraph Franchisee 
assigns ownership of that Innovation, and all related intellectual property rights and other rights to 
that Innovation, to Hyatt and agrees to take whatever action (including signing assignment or other 
documents) that Hyatt requests to evidence its ownership or to help Hyatt obtain intellectual 
property rights in the Innovation. 
11.8
Hotel IP.  Franchisee hereby grants Hyatt and its Affiliates the right to use the 
Hotel IP in connection with the marketing, promotion, and publicity of the Hotel, the Proprietary 
Marks, other Brand Hotels, Hyatt Network Hotels, and Hyatt’s loyalty program(s), and otherwise 
to perform Hyatt’s obligations under this Agreement, including use of the Hotel IP in connection 
with the CRS, the Hotel System Website, and any other media, technology or device now known 
or hereafter developed, without further authorization from or remuneration to Franchisee.  As part 
of this license, Hyatt and its Affiliates have the right to use, copy, publish, distribute, and license 
others to use the Hotel IP, as needed, and may alter, retouch, crop or use in composite form the 
