Me and All Hotels—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we acquired the Me and All Hotels brand name from an 
unrelated third party for approximately $28 million, inclusive of closing costs. Upon completion of the asset acquisition, we 
recorded an indefinite-lived brand intangible within intangibles, net on our consolidated balance sheet (see Note 9).
Mr & Mrs Smith—During the year ended December 31, 2023, we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Smith 
Global Limited, doing business as Mr & Mrs Smith, in a business combination through a locked box structure. The enterprise 
value of £53 million was subject to customary adjustments related to indebtedness and net working capital as of the locked box 
date, as well as a value accrual representing the economic value from the locked box date through the acquisition date.
We closed on the transaction on June 2, 2023 and paid cash of £58 million (approximately $72 million). Total purchase 
consideration was determined as follows:
Cash paid, net of cash acquired
$ 
50 
Cash acquired
 
22 
Total purchase consideration
$ 
72 
The acquisition includes technology related to a boutique and luxury global travel platform, brand name, and 
relationships with affiliated hotel owners. Following the acquisition date, fee revenues and operating expenses of Mr & Mrs 
Smith were recognized on our consolidated statements of income. For the period from the acquisition date through 
December 31, 2023, total revenues and net income attributable to Mr & Mrs Smith were $15 million and $2 million, 
respectively.
Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023 reflected estimates of the fair value of the assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed based on available information as of the acquisition date. The fair values of intangible assets acquired were 
estimated using discounted future cash flow models, the relief from royalty method, or a cost-based approach. Depending on 
the valuation method, these estimates include revenue projections based on long-term growth rates, expected attrition, historical 
cost information, and/or an obsolescence factor, all of which are primarily Level Three assumptions. The remaining assets and 
liabilities were recorded at their carrying values, which approximate their fair values. 
We finalized the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the second quarter of 2024, which resulted in 
insignificant measurement period adjustments.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the acquisition date:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
22 
Receivables
 
6 
Prepaids and other assets
 
1 
Goodwill (1)
 
38 
Indefinite-lived intangibles (2)
 
12 
Customer relationships intangibles (3)
 
12 
Other intangibles (4)
 
16 
Total assets acquired
$ 
107 
Accounts payable
$ 
1 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
5 
Current contract liabilities
 
19 
Long-term contract liabilities
 
3 
Other long-term liabilities
 
7 
Total liabilities assumed
$ 
35 
Total net assets acquired attributable to Hyatt Hotels Corporation
$ 
72 
(1) The goodwill, which is recorded on the distribution segment, is attributable to growth opportunities we expect to realize through direct 
booking access to properties within the Mr & Mrs Smith platform through our distribution channels. Goodwill is not tax deductible.
(2) Relates to the Mr & Mrs Smith brand name.
(3) Amortized over a useful life of 12 years.
(4) Amortized over a useful life of 10 years.
