37 
Hyatt Centric 2025-2026 FDD 
1615749622.3 
may periodically establish and/or coordinate these programs with third parties we designate.  These 
third parties might (but need not) be our affiliates.  You must sign and comply with any license, 
participation and other agreements we periodically specify relating to these programs. 
You may not make any material changes to the Hotel’s construction, including any changes 
to any structural or life safety equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or 
common areas, or any architectural features, without our prior written consent and complying with 
our conditions and procedures.  We may periodically require you to upgrade or renovate the Hotel, 
including by altering the Hotel’s appearance and/or replacing a material portion of improvements 
and/or FF&E, to comply with then current building décor, appearance, trade dress standards and 
other aspects of the Hotel System that we have established and then require for new similarly 
situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations (defined below)).  This upgrading or 
renovation might require you to invest additional capital in the Hotel and/or incur higher operating 
costs.  You must implement the upgrading and renovation within the time period we request.  
However, all of these upgrades and renovations will apply to similarly situated Brand Hotels 
(subject to Reasonable Deviations).  In order to assist you in having funds available to make any 
necessary capital expenditures at the Hotel and comply with your upgrade and renovation 
obligations (but without limiting those obligations), you must deposit into a separate account that 
you control 5% of the Hotel’s total operating revenue each month.  You will use these funds only 
to make approved capital expenditures and comply with your upgrade and renovation obligations, 
although your obligations may require you to spend more than the amount in the account. 
“Reasonable Deviations” means that, if the market area or circumstances of a Brand Hotel 
warrant, then, in our Reasonable Business Judgment (defined below), we may apply an aspect of 
the Hotel System, System Standard, requirement, fee or other term or condition to the Hotel in a 
manner which differs from the manner in which that aspect of the Hotel System, requirement, fee 
or other term or condition applies to one or more other similarly situated Brand Hotels.  
“Reasonable Business Judgment” means that our action or inaction has a business basis that is 
intended to benefit the Brand Hotel network or the profitability of the network, including us and 
our affiliates, regardless of whether some individual hotels may be unfavorably affected; or to 
increase the value of the Proprietary Marks; or to increase or enhance overall hotel guest or 
franchisee or owner satisfaction; or to minimize possible brand inconsistencies or customer 
confusion.
Collectively, the purchases and leases you must make from us, from designated or 
approved suppliers, or according to our System Standards represent approximately 95% of your 
total purchases and leases to establish, and approximately 95% of your total purchases and leases 
to operate, the Hotel.  During our 2024 fiscal year, we did not derive any revenue from selling or 
leasing products or services directly to Brand Hotel franchisees, but our affiliates collected about 
$1,249,833 in fees and other revenue from providing various products and services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees, but not including revenue from any Commercial Services Fee or similar fees for the 
System Services outlined in Item 6.  In addition, Brand Hotel franchisees received $6,572,188 
more in loyalty program reimbursements than they paid in loyalty program fees during 2024.  We 
derived these figures from our affiliates’ internal financial records. 
