23 
Hyatt Centric 2025-2026 FDD 
1615749622.3 
4.
Quality Assurance, Franchisee Compliance, and Guest Satisfaction.  The Hotel 
must participate in quality assurance, compliance and guest satisfaction programs that we 
periodically develop and modify (collectively, the “Quality Assurance and Compliance 
Program”).  You must pay your allocable share of all fees and other costs associated with the 
Quality Assurance and Compliance Program.  Our representatives may inspect or audit the Hotel 
at any time, with or without notice to you, to determine whether you and the Hotel are complying 
with the Hotel System, System Standards, and the terms of the Franchise Agreement, and you will 
give them free lodging (subject to availability) during the inspection period.  If we determine that 
the Hotel is not complying with the Hotel System, System Standards, or any other Franchise 
Agreement provisions, then you will pay or bear the cost of the Hotel’s allocable share of all fees 
and other costs associated with the Quality Assurance and Compliance Program to correct the non-
compliance.  This includes (a) reimbursing our costs related to your non-compliance, such as travel 
and living expenses, guest satisfaction payments or expenses, and other costs for administering 
any necessary actions, follow-up inspections, audits or re-evaluation visits until you have fully 
corrected the non-compliance, (b) paying for meetings and additional brand standards training 
programs that we specify and require your personnel to attend relating to your non-compliance, 
and (c) paying program fees which we and/or our affiliates may use to promote guest satisfaction 
initiatives for Hyatt Network Hotels.  These amounts will vary depending on the extent of your 
non-compliance and may increase if our costs increase.  Currently, we impose the following fees 
for each 6-month FIP stage if the Hotel is placed in or remains in FIP protocols as a result of QA 
scores below requirements: (i) Stage 1 - $5,000 administrative fee; (ii) Stage 2 - $15,000 
administrative fee; and (iii) Stage 3 - $20,000 administrative fee.  In addition, if the Hotel does not 
achieve passing scores necessary to exit the FIP protocols by the end of Stage 3, the Hotel is placed 
in our BPP program, which requires the Hotel to pay an administrative fee of $45,000 per year.  
We may, as we deem appropriate, reduce or refund FIP fees based on improved performance 
and/or your accelerated compliance with hotel renovation requirements.  Under the FIP and BPP 
policies currently in place, Brand Hotels are eligible for up to a 100% reduction of the applicable 
FIP or BPP fee, based on improvement in performance.  We may introduce additional compliance 
programs in the future.  Any fees associated with such programs will fall within the same ranges 
as the FIP and BPP fees listed above.  
5.
Liquidated Damages.  The amount of liquidated damages you must pay us if the 
Franchise Agreement terminates varies depending on when the Franchise Agreement terminates.  
Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement before the term expires for any reason (subject to 
Article X of the Franchise Agreement), you must pay us, within 15 days after the date of that 
termination, liquidated damages in a lump sum equal to (a) the lesser of 60 or the number of months 
then remaining in the Franchise Agreement term had it not been terminated, multiplied by (b) the 
sum of (i) the Average Monthly Revenue times 5% for lost future Royalty Fees, plus (ii) the 
Average Monthly Revenue times 3% for lost future System Services Charges, plus (iii) the number 
of guest rooms at the Hotel multiplied by $36.25, as adjusted annually during the Term by the CPI 
Increase. 
“Average Monthly Revenue” means: (i) if, as of the effective date of termination, at least 
60 months have elapsed since the Hotel’s opening date, the average monthly Gross Rooms 
Revenue of the Hotel during the 12 full calendar months preceding the month of termination; or 
(ii) if, as of the effective date of termination, the Hotel’s opening date has not yet occurred, the 
