8 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
January 26, 2024, we filed on behalf of the served ESA Defendants a motion to dismiss Count I (the breach 
of contract claim).  The co-defendants filed a paper adopting our motion. Our motion to dismiss was denied 
on April 26, 2024.  On July 16, 2024, the parties entered into a confidential settlement in which the 
defendants agreed to pay Plaintiff $100,000 in exchange for a dismissal of the lawsuit. On July 19, 2024, 
the Court entered an order approving the settlement and on August 2, 2024, the parties filed a Stipulation 
of Dismissal providing that the individual claims were dismissed with prejudice and the class claims were 
dismissed without prejudice. 
 
 
ITEM 4
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcies are required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Initial Franchise Fee 
All prospective franchisees must complete an application for a Brand Hotel (“Application”), whether for 
new development, conversion from another brand, or change of ownership of an existing Brand Hotel 
(including if you purchase an existing Brand Hotel from us or an affiliate). You must provide all the 
information we ask for in your Application. If we approve your Application before you supply all of the 
information, our approval will be conditioned on receiving the rest of the information within the time we 
specify. If you fail to provide the rest of the information within the specified time, we may terminate our 
offer. If we approve your Application subject to certain requirements, we may terminate our offer if you 
fail to meet those requirements.  You must pay an initial franchise fee (“Initial Franchise Fee”) when you 
sign the Franchise Agreement. If you or your affiliate has signed a Development Agreement that covers 
this Franchise Agreement, then we will apply the appropriate portion of the development fee towards the 
payment of that initial franchise fee upon signing that Franchise Agreement. Currently, the Initial Franchise 
Fee is $50,000 payable upon execution of your Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is non-
refundable. 
 
We may elect to negotiate the Initial Franchise Fee after considering criteria which may include:  incentives 
for the development of multiple hotels within the System, market location and strength of market, the 
property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a franchisee or for a franchisee with whom 
we have previously had dealings, for conversion or from franchisees in other unique circumstances.  But, 
we are not obligated to negotiate the Initial Franchise Fee, even for franchisees possessing all or some of 
the above characteristics. During our previous fiscal year, franchisees paid Initial Franchise Fees ranging 
from $40,000 to $50,000.   
 
Development Fee 
If we enter into a Development Agreement with you, you must pay us a Development Fee when you sign 
the Development Agreement. The Development Fee is equal to the Initial Franchise Fee ($50,000) 
multiplied by the minimum number of Brand Hotels to be developed, which is at least 2 Brand Hotels.  
We will credit $50,000 of the Development Fee against the Initial Franchise Fee for each Franchise 
Application that we approve. A copy of the Development Agreement is attached as Exhibit B. The 
Development Fee is nonrefundable.     
 
 
