4 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute.  Any reference herein to a particular provision of the Code shall mean, where 
appropriate, the corresponding provision in any successor statute. 
“Condition of the Assets” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.2(b). 
“Cut-Off Time” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.1. 
“Deed” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 6.2(a).  
“Deposit” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.3(a). 
“Due Diligence Period” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.1(a). 
“Effective Date” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the preamble to this 
Agreement.
“Employees” shall mean, at the time in question, all employees who are employed by 
Manager (whether on a full-time or part-time basis) at the Hotel. 
“Environmental Laws” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.2(f). 
“Equipment Leases” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(vi). 
“Escrow Account” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 14.5(a). 
“Escrow Agent” shall mean __________, as such Escrow Agent may be replaced pursuant 
to the definition of Blocking Event set forth herein. 
“Excluded Property” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(c). 
“Executive Order” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.1(f)(i).  
“Existing Survey” shall mean those certain surveys described on Schedule A-2 attached 
hereto. 
“FF&E” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(ii).  
“Franchise Approval” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.5(b). 
“Franchisor” shall mean ESH Strategies Franchise, LLC.
“Franchise Terms” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.5(e). 
“Governmental Authority” shall mean any federal, state or local government or other 
political subdivision thereof, including, without limitation, any agency or entity exercising 
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative governmental powers or functions, in 
each case to the extent the same has jurisdiction over the Person or property in question. 
