41 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
immediately following the Cut-Off Time, such revenues collected from the Guest Ledger shall 
belong to Buyer. 
(b)
Accounts Receivable (Other than Guest Ledger). 
(i) 
Seller shall retain all Accounts Receivable and shall be solely 
responsible for collecting such Accounts Receivable, but Buyer shall promptly 
forward any Accounts Receivable received at the Hotel after the Closing to Seller.   
(ii) 
The Accounts Receivable addressed in this Section 10.2(b) shall not 
include the Guest Ledger, which is addressed in Section 10.2(a). 
SECTION 1.35
Re-Adjustment.   
(a)
Except as provided in Section 10.1(b), if any items to be adjusted pursuant 
to this Article X are not determinable at the Closing, the adjustment shall be made subsequent to 
the Closing when the charge is determined. Either Seller or Buyer may deliver to the other party 
no later than one hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing Date a schedule of prorations 
setting forth such party’s determination of any adjustments to the prorations made at Closing that 
it believes are necessary to complete the prorations as set forth in this Article X (including the 
adjustment with respect to the Hotel Operating Prorations).  Any errors or omissions in computing 
adjustments or readjustments at the Closing or thereafter shall be promptly corrected or made, 
provided that the party seeking to correct such error or omission or to make such readjustment 
shall have notified the other party of such error or omission or readjustment on or prior to the date 
that is one hundred eighty (180) days following the Closing (the “Reconciliation Date”).
(b) 
The obligations of Seller and Buyer under this Article X shall survive the 
Closing for one hundred eighty (180) days. 
INDEMNIFICATION
SECTION 1.36
Indemnification by Seller.  From and after the 
Closing and subject to Sections 11.3 and 11.4, Seller shall indemnify and hold 
Buyer, its Affiliates, members and partners, and the partners, shareholders, officers, 
directors, employees, representatives and agents of each of the foregoing 
(collectively, the “Buyer-Related Entities”) harmless from and against any and all 
costs, fees, expenses, damages, deficiencies, interest and penalties (including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements) actually suffered 
or incurred by any such indemnified party in connection with any and all losses, 
liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (“Losses”), arising out of, or in any way 
relating to, (a) any breach of any representation or warranty of Seller set forth in 
this Agreement or in any Closing Document and (b) any breach of any covenant of 
Seller which expressly survives the Closing as set forth in this Agreement or in any 
Closing Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this 
Agreement, Seller shall have no liability or obligation to indemnify and hold Buyer 
Related Entities harmless from any Losses to the extent such Losses results from 
