18 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
an existing contract, requires Buyer’s approval or Seller otherwise requests Buyer’s approval and 
Buyer does not object within two (2) days after receipt of a copy of such contract, then Buyer shall 
be deemed to have approved such contract.
(c)
License Agreement, Management Agreement and Operating Lease.  The 
license agreement between Operating Lessee and ESH Strategies Branding LLC will automatically 
terminate with respect to the Property as of the Closing. Additionally, (i) the Management 
Agreement will automatically terminate as of the Closing, and (ii) Seller will terminate the 
Operating Lease as of the Closing, and no management agreement or operating lease will be in 
force or effect with respect to the Property as of the Closing Date. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF BUYER
SECTION 1.10
Representations and Warranties of Buyer.  Buyer 
hereby represents and warrants to Seller as follows: 
(a)
Formation and Existence.  It is a [_________] duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of [_________]and is, or will be as of the 
Closing Date, duly authorized to transact business in the State of [State of Asset]. 
(b) 
Power and Authority.  It has all requisite power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the purchase 
of the Assets and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein have been duly 
authorized by all necessary action on the part of Buyer.  This Agreement has been duly executed 
and delivered by Buyer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable 
against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights and 
by general principles of equity (whether applied in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
(c)
No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and compliance with, and 
performance of the terms and provisions of, this Agreement, and the purchase of the Assets, will 
not (i) conflict with or result in any violation of its organizational documents, (ii) conflict with or 
result in any violation of any provision of any bond, note or other instrument of indebtedness, 
contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or 
instrument to which it is a party in its individual capacity, or (iii) violate any existing term or 
provision of any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, statute, law, rule or regulation 
applicable to it or its assets or properties.
(d)
Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
(i) 
Neither Buyer nor, to Buyer’s Knowledge, any of its direct or 
indirect owners, principals, employees or Affiliates, is in violation of, has been 
charged with or is under indictment for the violation of, or has pled guilty to or been 
found guilty of the violation of, any Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism 
Laws. 
