5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
sole discretion. Franchisor’s consent to the Plans and Designs or any modifications or changes to them does 
not constitute a legal review, guaranty or warranty as to suitability of the Plans and Designs or to the 
resulting Hotel Work. 
4.2 
Initial Construction or Renovation. Franchisee must start and complete the initial 
construction or renovation of the Hotel, as applicable, in accordance with the approved Plans and Designs, 
and the Standards. Franchisee will bear the entire cost of developing, constructing, and renovating the Hotel, 
as applicable, including professional services, financing, insurance, licensing, contractors, permits, and FF&E. 
Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion for any material 
deviation from the Plans and Designs and the Standards in construction, renovation, equipment, and furnishing 
of the Hotel. In addition to the requirements in Section 4.1, prior to commencing construction or renovation, 
as applicable, Franchisee must: (i) submit to Franchisor evidence of insurance required by the Standards, 
(ii) submit to Franchisor evidence that Franchisee is entitled to possession of the Site; and (iii) obtain any and 
all approvals, permits, or licenses required for construction or renovation, as applicable, to begin. 
4.3 
Commencement and Completion of Hotel Work. 
4.3.1 
Franchisee will commence the Hotel Work on or before the Construction 
Commencement Date or Renovation Commencement Date specified on Items 11 and 12 on Exhibit A, or 
in the case of renovation during the Term, as mutually agreed by Franchisor and Franchisee. In that regard, 
Franchisee must provide to Franchisor such evidence as Franchisor may require showing that the 
Construction Work or Renovation Work has commenced. 
4.3.2 
The Work must be completed and the Hotel must be furnished, equipped, and 
otherwise made ready to open in accordance with the terms of this Agreement not later than the 
Construction Work Completion Date or Renovation Work Completion Date specified in Items 13 and 14 
on Exhibit A. 
4.3.3 
If Franchisee is otherwise in compliance with Franchisee’s obligations under this 
Agreement,  the Construction Commencement Date, Renovation Commencement Date, Construction Work 
Completion Date, and Renovation Work Completion Date specified in Items 11, 12, 13, or 14 Exhibit A 
may be automatically extended by ninety (90) days on a rolling basis, unless Franchisor in its sole discretion 
provides at least thirty (30) days’ notice to Franchisee that these automatic extensions of the applicable 
deadline no longer apply. Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s approval in its sole discretion for any further 
extension of the applicable deadline after receipt of Franchisor’s notice. Franchisor may in its sole 
discretion grant or deny its approval or condition its approval of Franchisee’s extension request, including 
on: (a) Franchisee’s payment of Franchisor’s then-current extension fee, if any; (b) Franchisee’s prompt 
submission of a written status report on the project, including such information as Franchisor may require; 
and (c) any other conditions Franchisor considers appropriate under the circumstances. 
4.3.4 
Franchisor will perform up to three (3) construction site visits to the Hotel during 
various stages of construction, as determined by Franchisor: pre-drywall, post-millwork install and pre-
FF&E install, and the Pre-Opening Inspection, or up to three (3) renovation site visits to the Hotel during 
renovation depending on the scope of the project. Franchisee must pay Franchisor’s then-current site visit 
fee before the first site visit.  Franchisor will perform up to two (2) technology site visits to the Hotel to 
review and certify the Hotel’s information technology system, as determined by Franchisor during 
construction or renovation of the Hotel and after installation of the information technology system but 
before opening of the Hotel.  Franchisee must pay Franchisor’s then-current site visit fee before the first 
site visit.  Franchisor may, in its sole business judgement, charge Franchisee Franchisor’s costs and fees 
associated with any necessary additional visits required by Franchisor or requested by Franchisee.  If 
