56 
 
with all information regarding such Improvement. Any Improvements Management Company develops or 
proposes are hereby automatically and irrevocably assigned to Franchisor, without payment of any 
compensation to Management Company. If any Improvements may be protected by trademark, copyright, 
patent, trade secret, or otherwise, then upon Franchisor’s requirement, Management Company will execute 
(and will cause each of Management Company’s employees or independent contractors who contributed 
to such Improvements to execute) such documentation as Franchisor may require in its sole discretion to 
transfer ownership of the Improvements to Franchisor and confirm Franchisor’s ownership rights to them, 
including without limitation work for hire and assignment of rights agreements, non-compete agreements, 
and confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
F. 
Any default under the Agreement caused solely by Management Company will 
constitute a default under the Management Agreement, and Franchisee will have the right to terminate the 
Management Agreement; 
G. 
Franchisee and Management Company will not modify the Management 
Agreement in any way that is inconsistent with the Agreement or this Acknowledgment; 
H. 
Franchisee will not allow the Management Agreement to expire or terminate the 
Management Agreement without (i) providing Franchisor prior notice of such expiration or termination, 
together with the identity of a qualified replacement management company, and (ii) obtaining Franchisor’s 
prior consent at least 45 days before any change is made to the management company operating the Hotel, 
unless Franchisee needs to remove Management Company on an expedited basis due to theft, fraud or other 
material defaults of Management Company or a default under the Agreement caused by Management 
Company; and 
I. 
Management Company will perform the day-to-day operations of the Hotel. 
Franchisor may communicate directly with Management Company and the managers at the Hotel about 
day-to-day operations of the Hotel and Franchisor may rely on such statement of the managers and the 
Management Company. Franchisor will under no circumstances direct or control such Hotel operations. 
J. 
Franchisee will remain responsible for the performance of all obligations under 
the Agreement. This Acknowledgment will not release Franchisee from any liability or obligation under 
the Agreement. 
K. 
Section 17 (Indemnification), Section 18 (Relationship of the Parties), Section 19 
(Governing Law, Interim Relief, Costs of Enforcement, Waivers)(including, without limitation, the 
arbitration provisions) and Section 20 (Miscellaneous) of the Agreement are incorporated by reference in 
this Acknowledgement as if fully restated within the test of this Acknowledgement, with all references to 
“Franchisee” interpreted as references to Management Company. 
  
 
 
 
{Signatures appear on the following page} 
