 
 
- 8 - 
franchised hotels. An allowance for credit losses is made when collection is considered doubtful. 
Balances are considered past due when payment is not received by the contractual due date. When 
management determines that accounts receivable are uncollectible, they are written off against the 
allowance for credit losses. The Company considers historical collection activity and business forecasts 
in estimating allowance for credit losses. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the estimated allowance 
for credit losses was immaterial. 
Contract Acquisition Costs—Contract acquisition costs consist of direct incremental costs incurred to 
obtain contracts with customers. Subsequent to contract execution, costs are amortized on a straight-
line basis over the initial, non-cancellable term of the contract or the expected contract life. 
Amortization of contract acquisition costs is included in general and administrative expenses in the 
accompanying statements of operations. 
The Company reviews assets, including contract acquisition costs, for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. To the extent an 
asset is impaired, the excess carrying amount over estimated fair value is recognized as an impairment 
charge. No material impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 
2022. 
Net Investment in Leases—The Company has sales-type lease agreements with certain franchisees for 
the lease of information technology equipment over 5-year terms. The leases grant the lessees an 
option to purchase the underlying assets that the Company believes the lessees are reasonably certain 
to exercise. Upon lease execution, the Company recognized a net investment in leases equal to the 
present value of future lease payments. For each lease, the net investment in the lease, or sales price, 
upon lease execution was equal to the carrying value of the underlying information technology 
equipment, and therefore no interest income is recognized. 
Intangible Assets—Intangible assets include franchise agreements and software licenses, which are 
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life of 
franchise agreements is approximately 20 years and the estimated useful life of software licenses is the 
remaining non-cancellable term of each respective contract. 
The Company’s software license fees are paid over the term of the respective license contract and may 
vary in the future based on the number of available rooms at each of the franchised hotels. The 
Company estimates a liability for the cost of the software license asset and remeasures the liability at 
each reporting date. As of December 31, 2023, $0.5 million of license fees payable are included in 
current accounts payable and accrued liabilities and $1.5 million are included in non-current accrued 
liabilities on the accompanying balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, there were no software license 
assets or corresponding license fees payable. 
The Company reviews intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. To the extent an intangible 
asset is impaired, the excess carrying amount over estimated fair value is recognized as an impairment 
charge. No impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
Franchise Fees—Revenues from franchise fees (royalties) consist of an initial fee and an ongoing royalty 
fee based on a percentage of a franchised hotel’s monthly revenue in exchange for the access to and 
use of the applicable licensed Extended Stay America brand name and other intellectual property. 
Royalty fees are recognized over time as franchisees derive value from the license to use the 
intellectual property. Initial fees are deferred and recognized over the expected contract life. 
