I-4 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in Sections 19 
and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
INDIANA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Indiana: 
 
1. 
Item 17, Additional Disclosures.  The following statements are added to Item 17: 
The Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law (Indiana Code 23-2-2.7 et seq.) in general governs 
the relationship between the franchisor and the franchisee by forbidding certain provisions in the 
franchise agreement and related documents and by preventing the franchisor from engaging in 
certain acts and practices which could be considered coercive or oppressive to the franchisee.  If 
any of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement conflict with this 
law, this law will control. 
Any provisions requiring you to sign a general release of claims against us, including upon 
execution of a successor Franchise Agreement, refund of initial fees, or transfer, does not release 
any claim you may have under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law.
 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement provide that suit must be brought in 
North Carolina.  These provisions may not be enforceable under Indiana law. 
 
 
Indiana franchise laws will govern the Franchise Agreement, the Development Agreement, and any 
and all other related documents. 
 
Item 23 of the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be amended as follows: 
 
We must provide this Franchise Disclosure Document to you at least 10 days prior to the execution 
by you of a binding franchise or other agreement, or at least ten 10 days prior to the receipt of any 
consideration, whichever first occurs. 
MARYLAND 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Maryland: 
 
1. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval 
of transfer: 
 
