7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
4.4.3.2 Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the liquidated damages payable 
under this Section 4.4.3 represent a reasonable estimate of the minimum just and fair compensation for the 
damages Franchisor will suffer as the result of the opening of the hotel before receiving Franchisor’s 
written authorization to open the Hotel in material breach of this Agreement. These liquidated damages 
for damage to Franchisor’s Brand shall not limit or exclude any other remedies Franchisor may have at 
law or in equity.  
4.5 
Comfort Letter. If Franchisee’s Lender (a “Comfort Letter Party”) asks Franchisor to 
sign a comfort letter, non-disturbance agreement, or other agreement in connection with issuing financing 
to Franchisee, Franchisor may provide such comfort letter or other agreement in Franchisor’s sole discretion 
upon terms and conditions satisfactory to Franchisor, including Franchisee’s payment of Franchisor’s then-
current fee for the provision of such comfort letter or other agreement.    
4.6 
Maintenance, Hotel Refurbishment and Room Addition. 
4.6.1 
Franchisee must maintain the Hotel in good repair and in conformity with the 
Standards and Laws. Franchisee must make renovations, repairs, alterations, and replacements to the Hotel as 
required by the Standards, which may include material renovations, repairs, alterations and replacements 
and/or property improvement plans or other written requirements provided by Franchisor from time to time 
setting forth renovations, repairs, alterations and replacements that Franchisee is required to perform. 
Franchisee must pay to Franchisor the then-current PIP fee if a property improvement plan is required by the 
Franchisor or requested by the Franchisee. Franchisee may not make any material alterations to the Hotel 
without Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion, and then subject to the same 
processes, procedures and consents as with initial construction or renovation. Franchisee acknowledges that 
every detail of the System is important to Franchisor and other franchisees operating under the System because 
such details develop and maintain the Standards and brand image of the System, to protect Franchisor’s 
reputation and goodwill, and to increase the demand for the lodging services offered by Brand Hotels, and 
Franchisee agrees to comply with all of the foregoing. Franchisee will be responsible for payment of the then-
current PIP compliance fee for Franchisor to perform an inspection and/or re-inspection of the Hotel to 
confirm compliance with PIP requirements. 
4.6.2 
Franchisor may periodically require Franchisee to modernize, rehabilitate, or 
upgrade the Hotel’s fixtures, equipment, furnishings, furniture, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet the then-current Standards. Franchisee will make these 
changes at its sole cost and expense and within the time period that Franchisor requires. 
4.6.3 
Franchisee may not make any change in the Initial Number of Approved Guest 
Rooms set forth in Item 19 on Exhibit A without Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion. If Franchisee wishes to add additional Guest Rooms to the Hotel after the Opening Date, 
Franchisee must submit an application to obtain Franchisor’s consent, pay to Franchisor the then-current 
Room Addition Fee, and execute an amendment to this Agreement in a form required by Franchisor. As a 
condition of Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s application to add additional Guest Rooms, Franchisor 
may require that Franchisee modernize, rehabilitate, or upgrade the Hotel in accordance with Section 4.6.2 
of this Agreement. 
4.7 
Supplies. To ensure that items at Brand Hotels are uniform and of similar quality and to 
maintain the identity, integrity, and reputation of the System, Franchisee will use only Supplies that comply 
with the Standards.  
