 
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
EXHIBIT B 
DEFINITIONS 
The following capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth after each term:  
“Affiliate” means any natural person or firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, 
association, trust or other entity which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
Control with, the subject entity. 
“Agreement” means this Franchise Agreement, including any Exhibits, attachments and addenda. 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means the (i) the United Nations Convention Against Corruption; (ii) the U.S. 
Foreign 
Corrupt 
Practice 
Act, 
available 
in 
many 
languages 
at 
http://www.jFranchisortice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa/statutes/regulations.html, 15 U.S.C. § 78m, 78dd-l, 
78dd-2, and 78dd-3; (iii) the Organization For Economic Co-operation and Development Convention on 
Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions (and related 
implementing legislation); (iv) the relevant common law or legislation from time to time in force in England 
and Wales, including the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act 1889 and the Prevention of Corruption Act 
1906 as supplemented by the Prevention of Corruption Act 1916 and the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and 
Security Act 2001, the Criminal Law Act 1977, and The Bribery Act 2010; and (v) any anti-bribery, anti-
corruption, anti-money laundering, books and records and internal controls provisions in the criminal, anti-
competition, anti-bribery and/or anti-corruption laws of the jurisdiction in which Franchisee operate; 
together with any amending, consolidating or successor legislation or case law which has effect from time 
to time in the relevant jurisdiction. 
“Brand” means the brand name set forth in Item 18 of Exhibit A but specifically excluding  other brands 
or names of Franchisor or any affiliate whether or not using the mark Extended Stay America alone or with 
another designation (such as “Premier Suites”) or otherwise. 
“Brand Damages” has the meaning set forth in Section 16.3. 
“Brand Hotel” means hotels operating under the System using the Brand. 
“Change of Control” means the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a Party, any merger, 
consolidation or acquisition of a Party with, by, or into another corporation, entity or person, or any change 
in the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting capital stock or ownership units of a Party 
in one or more related transactions.  
“Claim” means any demand, inquiry, investigation, action, claim or charge asserted, including in any 
judicial, arbitration, administrative, debtor or creditor proceeding, bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar 
proceeding.  
“Comfort Letter Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.5. 
“Competitor” means any Person (including Franchisee, Franchisee’s Affiliates, and Franchisee’s Equity 
Owners) that: (i) has Control over a lodging franchisor or branded hotel management company; (ii) has an 
Affiliate of such a Person described in (i); or (iii) is an officer or director of such Persons identified in (i) 
or (ii) or of a lodging franchisor or branded hotel management company. 
