48 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
acknowledges and accepts such designation and appointment and agrees to fully comply with any 
IRS Reporting Requirements that are or may become applicable as a result of or in connection 
with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  Without limiting the responsibility and 
obligations of Escrow Agent as the Reporting Person, Seller and Buyer hereby agree to comply 
with any provisions of the IRS Reporting Requirements that are not identified therein as the 
responsibility of the Reporting Person, including, but not limited to, the requirement that Seller 
and Buyer each retain an original counterpart of this Agreement for at least four years following 
the calendar year of the Closing. 
SECTION 1.50
Escrow Provisions.    
(a)
Escrow Account. Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in escrow in an 
interest-bearing bank account at a federally insured banking institution (the “Escrow Account”). 
(b)
Responsibility of Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in 
escrow in the Escrow Account until the Closing or sooner termination of this Agreement and shall 
hold or apply such proceeds in accordance with the terms of this Section 14.5(b).  Seller and Buyer 
understand that no interest is earned on the Deposit during the time it takes to transfer into and out 
of the Escrow Account.  Buyer agrees and understands that in order to open an interest-bearing 
account, Buyer must provide to Escrow Agent a completed W-9 form acceptable to the Escrow 
Agent.  At the Closing, the Deposit shall be paid by Escrow Agent to, or at the direction of, Seller.  
If for any reason the Closing does not occur and either party makes a written demand upon Escrow 
Agent for payment of such amount, Escrow Agent shall, within one (1) Business Day, give written 
notice to the other party of such demand.  If Escrow Agent does not receive a written objection 
within five (5) Business Days after the giving of such notice, Escrow Agent is hereby authorized 
to make such payment.  If Escrow Agent does receive such written objection within such five (5) 
Business Day period or if for any other reason Escrow Agent in good faith shall elect not to make 
such payment, Escrow Agent shall continue to hold such amount until otherwise directed by joint 
written instructions from the parties to this Agreement or a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction.  However, Escrow Agent shall have the right at any time to deposit the Deposit with 
the clerk of the court of [State where Asset located].  Escrow Agent shall give written notice of 
such deposit to Seller and Buyer.  Upon such deposit Escrow Agent shall be relieved and 
discharged of all further obligations and responsibilities hereunder. 
(c) 
Liability of Escrow Agent. The parties acknowledge that Escrow Agent is 
acting solely as a stakeholder at their request and for their convenience, that Escrow Agent shall 
not be deemed to be the agent of either of the parties, and Escrow Agent shall not be liable to either 
of the parties for any act or omission on its part, other than for its gross negligence or willful 
misconduct.  Seller and Buyer shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold Escrow Agent 
harmless from and against all costs, claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements, incurred in connection with the performance of Escrow Agent’s duties hereunder. 
(d)
Acknowledgement. Escrow Agent has acknowledged its agreement to these 
provisions by signing this Agreement in the place indicated following the signatures of Seller and 
Buyer. 
