  
 
 
- 9 - 
Franchise Fees—Revenues from franchise fees (royalties) consist of an initial fee and an ongoing royalty 
fee based on a percentage of a franchised hotel’s monthly revenue in exchange for the access to and 
use of the applicable licensed Extended Stay America brand name and other intellectual property. 
Royalty fees are recognized over time as franchisees derive value from the license to use the 
intellectual property. Initial fees are deferred and recognized over the expected contract life. 
System Service Fees and Direct Expense Reimbursements—Revenues from system service fees and 
direct expense reimbursements include the reimbursement of costs incurred on behalf of franchisees 
on a direct and an indirect basis, as follows: 
 
Direct costs include incremental reservation and distribution costs for which the Company is 
reimbursed by the franchisees on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Since the Company directs the 
reservation and distribution services, it acts as the principal with respect to these services and 
revenue is recognized on a gross basis. 
 
Indirect costs include costs associated with certain system-wide platforms shared by all franchisees 
(i.e., system services), such as marketing, technology infrastructure, central reservations, national 
sales and revenue management systems. The Company is reimbursed for indirect costs through 
system service fees based on a percentage of a franchised hotel’s revenue. System service fees are 
recognized over time as franchisees derive value from the license to use these processes and 
systems. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis; expense is recognized as incurred. Over time, the 
Company manages system services to break-even, but the timing of system service fees will 
typically not align with expenses incurred to operate the system-wide platforms. 
The promise to provide access to the Company’s intellectual property combined with the promise to 
provide system services form a single performance obligation since the promises generally accompany 
one another. The performance obligation is considered to be a series of services transferred over time. 
Revenue is recognized on an output method based on performance completed to date. The Company 
recognizes revenue in the amount to which it has a right to bill customers under respective franchise 
agreements, as it has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with customers’ 
hotel revenues. Franchise fees and system service fees are characterized as variable consideration and 
vary from period to period. In the event that fees include variables that extend beyond the current 
period, the Company uses the most likely amount method to determine the amount of revenue based 
on a reasonable revenue forecast for the applicable hotel. In most instances, the Company does not 
have constraining estimates, as franchisee hotel revenues are typically available and obtained monthly. 
Other Revenues—Other revenues include miscellaneous program fees and penalties charged to 
franchisees pertaining to quality assurance as well as certain pre-opening and administrative activities. 
Other revenues also include contract termination fees, which were $2.1 million and $0.2 million for the 
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other revenues are recognized in the period 
that the related transaction or event has occurred. 
Income Taxes—As a limited liability company, the Company is not subject to federal income taxes. The 
Company may be subject to state and local taxes in certain jurisdictions. 
