13 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
9.2(b), or (iv) in connection with a termination of the Agreement by Buyer pursuant to Section 
2.4(a).  
(b)
Independent Consideration. A portion of the amount deposited by Buyer 
pursuant to Section 2.3(a) in the amount of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) (the 
“Independent Consideration”) shall be earned by Seller upon execution and delivery of this 
Agreement by Seller and Buyer.  Seller and Buyer hereby mutually acknowledge and agree that 
the Independent Consideration represents adequate bargained for consideration for Seller’s 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and Buyer’s right to have inspected the Hotel pursuant 
to the terms of this Agreement.  The Independent Consideration is in addition to and independent 
of any other consideration or payment provided for in this Agreement and is nonrefundable in all 
events.  Upon the Closing or the termination of this Agreement, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Independent Consideration shall be paid to Seller. 
SECTION 1.5
The Closing.   
(a)
Closing Date. The closing of the sale and purchase of the Assets (the 
“Closing”) shall take place on the date which is thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Due 
Diligence Period (such date, as the same may be modified pursuant to this Section 2.4(a), Section 
8.2(a) and Section 8.3(b), the “Closing Date”), time being of the essence with respect to Buyer’s 
and Seller’s obligations hereunder on the Closing Date, subject only to the rights to adjourn the 
Closing Date expressly provided in this Agreement; provided, however, that in the event that the 
Closing Date was to occur on the 9th through the 14th of any month, the Seller may unilaterally 
adjourn the Closing Date to the 15th of such month or, if the 15th of such month is not a Business 
Day, the subsequent Business Day.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this 
Agreement, to the extent a Blocking Event has occurred on a Key Performance Date or the 
Business Day immediately prior to a Key Performance Date, such Key Performance Date shall be 
extended until the date that is five (5) Business Days following a Blocking Event Cure.  Further, 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in the event the Blocking 
Event (a) results in the then scheduled Closing Date being extended for more than thirty (30) days, 
Seller shall thereafter have the right to terminate this Agreement, or (b) results in the then 
scheduled Closing Date being extended for more than sixty (60) days, either party shall thereafter 
have the right to terminate this Agreement.  Upon a termination of this Agreement as set forth in 
this Section 2.4, Escrow Agent shall disburse the Earnest Money to Buyer and, upon such 
disbursement, this Agreement shall be null and void and of no further force and effect and neither 
party shall have any rights or obligations against or to the other except for those provisions hereof 
which by their terms expressly survive the termination of this Agreement. 
(b) 
Closing Time. The Closing shall be held on the Closing Date at 10:00 a.m. 
(Eastern Time) by “New York Style Closing” through Escrow Agent. 
(c)
Closing Mechanics. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in 
this Agreement, there shall be no requirement that Seller or Buyer physically attend the Closing.  
Buyer and Seller hereby authorize their respective attorneys to execute and deliver to Escrow 
Agent any additional or supplementary instructions as may be necessary or convenient to 
implement the terms of this Agreement and facilitate the closing of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, provided that such instructions are consistent with and merely supplement this Agreement 
