I-12 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
Each provision of this addendum to the Disclosure Document shall be effective only to the extent 
that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment 
Act are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
 
VIRGINIA
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Virginia:
 
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17.h., 
entitled “Cause” defined – non-curable defaults: 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement do not 
constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail 
Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Each provision of this addendum to the Disclosure Document shall be effective only to the extent 
that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act 
are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
 
WASHINGTON 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Washington: 
 
1. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
2. Use of Franchise Brokers.  The franchisor may use the services of franchise brokers to assist 
it in selling franchises.  A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for 
referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise.  Do not rely on the 
information provided by a franchise broker about a franchise.  Do your own investigation by 
contacting the franchisor’s current and former franchisees to ask them about their experiences 
with the franchisor.  
 
3. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also 
be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
 
