10
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Except as described, attendance is mandatory at the training programs identified in this Item 5. Failure to 
attend within the prescribed time frame may result in a delay of our approval for your Hotel to open as a 
Brand Hotel and/or a formal default. Failure to cure the default could result in the termination of your 
franchise agreement.  For more information on each training program, see Item 11 of this disclosure 
document. 
Other Fees   
You must pay us a Project Management Fee of $5,000 plus reimburse us for any third party expenses to 
manage the delivery and installation by third party vendors of the reservation and property management 
systems the Hotel will use in its operations.  This fee is nonrefundable.  One-half is payable when you sign 
the Hotel Technology Agreement and the remainder upon completion of the project.  Any third party 
expenses we incur are not included in the Project Management Fee and must be paid by you to us upon 
receipt of an invoice.  For example, you must pay to us and we will pay to the applicable supplier ongoing 
monthly charges for your PMS.   
If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide services at the 
Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee of between $2,000 and $5,000 plus 
reimburse us for any third party expenses to approve the vendor.  The fee is nonrefundable and payable 
before we begin the review process. 
You must pay us a site visit fee of $6,000 before we begin to perform our three site visits to review your 
construction progress.  For a conversion Hotel, depending on the scope of renovation required, we may 
require up to three site visits to review your renovation progress. You must pay us a site visit fee of $2,000 
before we perform a site visit at your Hotel during renovation.  In either case, this fee is nonrefundable and 
is payable before our first visit.  You may request our construction team perform additional site visits at the 
cost of $2,000 per visit.     
You must pay us a site visit fee of $2,000 before we perform a site visit to review and certify your 
information technology infrastructure.  We may require up to two site visits to certify your information 
technology infrastructure depending on the scope of the review required. This fee is nonrefundable and is 
payable before each site visit. 
If you purchase an existing hotel owned by one of our affiliates, you will pay a purchase price for the 
business as mutually agreed by you and that affiliate.  The standard form of Asset Purchase Agreement 
required for such a transaction with our affiliate is attached here as Exhibit L. 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
(Column 1) 
Type of Fee 
(Column 2)
Amount 
(Column 3) 
Due Date 
(Column 4)
Remarks 
Royalty (See Note 1)
5.5% of Gross Room 
Revenue.
15th day of the 
following month. 
 
System Services (See 
Note 2) 
4.5% of Gross Room 
Revenue.
15th day of the 
following month. 
 
