 
45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
“Hotel Work” means construction work and/or renovation work as the case may be, and the context 
requires, but excludes ordinary repairs to the Hotel. 
 
“Improvements” means any modifications, improvements, or additions to the Hotel or the System as the 
case may be, and the context requires, including, without limitation, any modifications to architectural 
drawings or architectural works licensed to Franchisee as part of the System. 
 
“Indemnified Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 17. 
 
“Indemnitees” has the meaning set forth in Section 17. 
 
“Interim Remedies” has the meaning used in Section 15.3. 
 
“Law(s)” means all public laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, 
certificates, authorizations, consents, directions and requirements of all Governments and Government 
Entities having jurisdiction over the Hotel, Site or over Franchisee to operate the Hotel, which, now or 
hereafter, may apply to the construction, renovation, completion, equipping, opening and operation of the 
Hotel, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. § 12181, et seq., and 28 C.F.R. 
Part 36. 
 
“Lender” means each financial institution or other party (including Franchisee’s Affiliates), if any, that 
provided or provides any financing for Franchisee’s acquisition, development, and/or operation of the 
Hotel, including any mortgagee or trustee under any deed of trust and any mezzanine lender or other party 
that takes a pledge of Franchisee’s or any Controlling Equity Owner’s Equity Interests as security for the 
repayment of any such financing. 
 
“Management Company” means a third party hotel management company that manages the Hotel as 
approved by Franchisor in its sole discretion. 
 
“Manager” means the person or entity (either Franchisee or a Management Company) that manages the 
Hotel as approved by Franchisor in its sole discretion. 
 
“Marketing Materials” means all advertising, marketing, promotional, sales and public relations concepts, 
press releases, materials, concepts, plans, programs, brochures, or other information to be released or made 
accessible to the public, whether in paper, digital or electronic, or in any other form of media. 
 
“Marks” means the Brand and all other business names, copyrights, designs, distinguishing characteristics, 
domain names, emblems, insignia, logos, slogans, devices, service marks, service marks, symbols, 
trademarks, trade dress, trade names, and indicia of origin (whether registered or unregistered by Franchisor 
or Franchisor Affiliates) used in the System, all as Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates may change, delete, 
add to or otherwise modify in Franchisor’s sole discretion, and any combinations of the foregoing. 
 
“Network” means the hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare properties, and other operations that 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates own, license, lease, operate, or manage, whether under the Brand or 
other brands, now or in the future. 
 
“Network Hotel” means any hotel, inn, conference center, timeshare property or other similar facility 
within the Network. 
 
“Offering Materials” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.5.2. 
