ESA-EX K (2025)
“Losses” means all damages, liabilities, accounts, suits, awards, judgments, payments, 
diminutions in value and other losses, costs and expenses, however suffered or characterized, 
including interest, costs and expenses of investigating and prosecuting any Claim, reference 
proceeding, lawsuit, arbitration or any appeal; all associated actual attorneys’ fees, whether or not 
the Claim, reference proceeding, lawsuit or arbitration is ultimately defeated and, all amounts paid 
to compromise or settle of any Claim, reference proceeding, lawsuit or arbitration. 
General Release.  Releasor for itself and its Constituents, hereby releases and forever discharges 
the Franchisor Released Parties from any and all Claims, whether known or unknown, based upon anything 
that has occurred or existed, or failed to occur or exist, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, 
except for the Excluded Matters and the obligations under this Release Agreement. 
Waiver of California Civil Code Section 1542.  
a)
Releasor, for itself and its Constituents, acknowledges that it is familiar with Section 
1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows: 
b) A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE 
CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR 
AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM 
OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT 
WITH THE DEBTOR. 
c) With respect to those Claims being released pursuant to Section 2, Releasor, for itself 
and its Constituents, acknowledges that it is releasing unknown claims and waives all 
rights it has or may have under California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar state 
or local statute or ordinance under applicable law or other common law principle of 
similar effect.  For purposes of this Section 3, Releasor shall be considered to be a 
creditor of the Franchisor Released Parties, and each of them. 
d) Releasor acknowledges that this general release extends to claims which Releasor does 
not know or suspect to exist in favor of Releasor at the time of executing this Release 
Agreement, which if known by Releasor may have materially affected its decision to 
enter into this Release Agreement.  It is understood by Releasor that the facts in respect 
of which this Release Agreement is given may hereafter turn out to be other than or 
different from the facts in that connection known or believed to be true.  Releasor 
therefore, expressly assumes the risk of the facts turning out to be so different and 
agrees that this Release Agreement shall be in all respects effective and not subject to 
termination or rescission by any such difference in facts. 
4. 
Representations and Warranties.  Releasor represents and warrants to Franchisor that, in 
entering into this Release Agreement, it  (i) is doing so freely and voluntarily upon the advice of counsel 
and business advisor of its own choosing (or declined to do so, free from coercion, duress or fraud); (ii) has 
read and fully understands the terms and scope of this Release Agreement; (iii) realizes that it is final and 
conclusive, and intends to be final and conclusive, as to the matters set forth in this Release Agreement; 
and (iv) has not assigned, transferred, or conveyed to any third party all or any part of or partial or contingent 
interest in any of the Claims which are called for to be released by this Release Agreement, that it is aware 
of no third party who contends or claims otherwise, and that it shall not purport to assign, transfer, or convey 
any such claim in the future. 
