3 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
company.  The principal business address of NR and all of the remaining entities referred to in this 
paragraph is 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.   
Entities related to BX are engaged in a variety of business activities in the lodging and hospitality industry, 
such as ownership of a portfolio of select-service, full-service and luxury resort properties operating under 
various names in different parts of the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Latin America, Asia, Australia 
and Europe.  Except as disclosed below, none of these entities that are related to BX currently offer 
franchises for these brands.  Given the diversity and breadth of the assets under management by entities 
related to BX, it is possible that one of the related entities may offer franchises in the lodging or hospitality 
industry.  
 
Some of the properties operating through entities related to BX are franchised and operated under license 
agreements or management agreements with competitors of ours and our affiliates. Guest lodging properties 
franchised by or operating through current or former affiliates of BX are currently or may in the future be 
located in the market areas of Extended Stay America Suites Hotels.  These guest lodging properties may 
compete with you.  
 
We have no predecessors required to be disclosed in this Disclosure Document.   
 
Our Agents for Service of Process 
Our agents for service of process in the states whose franchise laws require us to name an agent for service 
is shown on Exhibit H. 
Our Hotel Franchises & The Business We Offer  
This Disclosure Document describes our franchises for EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES hotels 
(each, a “Hotel”), which will operate in the United States under the Brand providing extended stay and 
transient guest lodging services. There are two programs – a single-unit Hotel franchise program, and a 
multiple-unit development Hotel program. 
 
“Brand Hotels” are the hotels operating under the System using the Brand (i.e., the EXTENDED STAY 
AMERICA SUITES hotels). “Network Hotels” are the System Hotels and other hotels, inns, conference 
centers, timeshare properties or other similar facilities within the network that we or our affiliates own, 
franchise, license, lease, operate or manage whether under the Brand or under other brands.  
 
Under the Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit A (“Franchise Agreement”), we grant you a non-
exclusive right to use the System (as defined below) and to construct or convert and operate a Hotel as a 
Brand Hotel at a Site in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. The “Site” is the real property on which 
the Hotel is located or to be located, as approved by us. Generally, for new-build hotels, the “Term” of the 
Franchise Agreement will be for 20 years from the “Opening Date” of the Hotel, and will expire on the last 
day of the Term; for hotels converted from other brands or purchased from ESH Hospitality, the Term will 
be determined by us based on the current age, condition and location of the property. In either case, you 
have no right to extend or renew the Term. 
 
If we offer you the right to develop multiple Hotels, you will enter into a Development Agreement with us 
of the type contained in Exhibit B (“Development Agreement”). Under the Development Agreement, we 
will assign you a territory (“Development Territory”) within which you must open and operate a designated 
number of Brand Hotels within the specified periods of time listed in the Development Schedule (see 
Exhibit A to the Development Agreement).  The Development Territory may include existing Brand Hotels. 
For each Hotel to be developed under the Development Schedule, you must sign our then-current form of 
