42 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
or is related to any acts or omissions of Manager or results from or is related to any 
acts or omissions of any of the Buyer-Related Entities.  The provisions of this 
Section 11.1 shall survive the Closing for the period set forth in Section 11.4. 
SECTION 1.37
Indemnification by Buyer.  From and after the 
Closing, Buyer shall indemnify and hold Seller, its Affiliates, members and 
partners, and the partners, shareholders, officers, directors, employees, 
representatives and agents of each of the foregoing (collectively, the “Seller-
Related Entities”) harmless from any and all Losses arising out of, or in any way 
relating to, (a) any breach of any representation or warranty by Buyer set forth in 
this Agreement or in any Closing Document and (b) any breach of any covenant of 
Buyer which expressly survives the Closing as set forth in this Agreement or in any 
Closing Document. The provisions of this Section 11.2 shall survive the Closing 
without limitation. 
SECTION 1.38
Limitations on Indemnification.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing provisions of Section 11.1, (a) Seller shall not be required to 
indemnify Buyer or any Buyer-Related Entities under this Agreement unless the 
aggregate of all amounts for which an indemnity would otherwise be payable by 
Seller under Section 11.1 or any other indemnity provisions of this Agreement 
exceeds the Basket Limitation and, in such event, Seller shall be responsible only 
for such amount in excess of the Basket Limitation, (b) in no event shall the liability 
of Seller with respect to the indemnification provided for in Section 11.1 or any 
other indemnity provisions of this Agreement exceed in the aggregate the Cap 
Limitation, and (c) if prior to the Closing, Buyer obtains or has knowledge of any 
inaccuracy or breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of Seller set forth 
in this Agreement (a “Buyer Waived Breach”) and nonetheless proceeds with and 
consummates the Closing, then Buyer and any Buyer-Related Entities shall be 
deemed to have waived and forever renounced any right to assert a claim for 
indemnification under this Article XI for, or any other claim or cause of action 
under this Agreement, at law or in equity on account of any such Buyer Waived 
Breach. 
SECTION 1.39 
Survival.  The representations, warranties and 
covenants of Seller set forth in this Agreement and the Closing Documents shall 
survive for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing unless 
otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement. 
SECTION 1.40
Indemnification as Sole Remedy.  If the Closing has 
occurred, the sole and exclusive remedy available to a party in the event of a breach 
by the other party to this Agreement of any representation, warranty, covenant or 
other provision of this Agreement or any Closing Document which survives the 
Closing shall be the indemnifications provided for under this Article XI, which 
indemnifications shall survive the Closing as provided in this Article XI without 
limitation. 
