35
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
operating under one or more of our current and/or future EXTENDED STAY AMERICA Network brands 
(see Item 1). System Services Fees are not intended to benefit any specific market or hotel and we have no 
obligation to ensure that you, your hotel, the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES brand or any other 
particular Network brand benefits directly or proportionately from System Services Fees paid or 
expenditures made from amounts collected. 
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we used $5,326,228 of the System Services Fees we 
collected to market the Brand and the System.  This amount was the equivalent of 2.4% of the total 
Franchisee Gross Room Revenue for 2024. Of this amount it was used as follows: 72% on digital marketing 
and internet advertising; 17% on administrative fees; and 11% on other marketing tools, including search 
engine optimization.  We may use national and/or regional advertising agencies to conduct any of our 
advertising and marketing initiatives. While we do not do so at the present time, we reserve the right to 
place advertising through an in-house advertising department (FA, Section 8.1). 
We are not required to spend in the year received any monies that we require you to pay to us for the 
creation and/or placement of advertising through the System Services Fee. We may use those funds in the 
year after they are collected. We are not required to spend any of these funds for the benefit of any particular 
franchisee or any particular market. We may spend these funds in any market where we believe those 
placements would benefit the franchise system in general (FA, Sections 3.3, 8.1).  We do not provide a 
periodic accounting of how we spend the System Services Fee.  We do not use the System Services Fee 
principally to solicit franchisees to purchase franchises.   Although, we may use the System Services Fee 
to upgrade the ESA Website which may have franchise sales information contained in it.           
There is no advertising fund that you must participate in.  We currently do not have an advertising council 
but reserve the right to create and convene one in the future.  Neither we nor our affiliates have any 
obligation to pay a System Services Fee for any Brand Hotel that we or they operate. 
We currently do not require franchisees to be part of a local or regional advertising cooperative but we 
reserve the right to require that you become part of one in the future.   
Training 
We may specify and provide required and/or optional training programs, for which training fees may be 
charged. You are responsible for all tuition, training materials, Supplies, if any, and all travel, food, lodging 
and other out-of-pocket costs for any training (FA, Section 6.2).  We have 4 parts to our current required 
initial training program: the New Owner Orientation, General Manager Certification, Pre-Opening Onsite 
Training, and Service Culture Training.  The following table sets forth the ESA Training Program as of the 
issuance date of this Disclosure Document. We offer this training on an as-needed basis. We may modify 
the training requirements as needed.   
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours Of Classroom
Training
Hours of On-the-
Job Training 
Location
New Owner Orientation 
12 hours
N/A
Charlotte, NC
General Manager Certification
12-14 hours 
N/A
Online or in Charlotte, NC 
Pre-Opening Onsite Training
N/A
12 hours 
Your Hotel
Service Culture Training 
1 hour
N/A
Online
