I-13 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
4.
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration 
or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon 
at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at 
the time of arbitration or mediation.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise 
agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with 
the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, 
in Washington. 
 
5. A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the 
parties are represented by independent counsel.  Provisions such as those which unreasonably 
restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies 
under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
6. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable 
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
7. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the 
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will 
be adjusted annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless 
the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, 
exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, 
any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these 
limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
8. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) 
soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained 
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
9. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
10. Each provision of this addendum to the Disclosure Document shall be effective only to the 
extent that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act are met independently without reference to this 
addendum. 
 
 
 
