49 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 1.51
Successors and Assigns and No Third-Party 
Beneficiaries.  The stipulations, terms, covenants and agreements set forth in this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the parties hereto 
and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including any successor 
entity after a public offering of stock, merger, consolidation, purchase or other 
similar transaction involving a party hereto) and nothing herein expressed or 
implied shall give or be construed to give to any Person, other than the parties hereto 
and such assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder. 
SECTION 1.52
Assignment.  This Agreement may not be assigned 
by Buyer without the prior written consent of Seller.  Notwithstanding the foregoing 
sentence, Buyer may assign this Agreement once to an Affiliate of Buyer without 
the written consent of Seller provided that (i) at least ten (10) days prior to Closing, 
Buyer provides Seller with a fully executed and enforceable assignment of this 
Agreement which includes a statement that all representations and warranties of the 
Buyer outlined in Section 4.1 are true of such Affiliate of Buyer taking assignment 
of this Agreement together with an updated Schedule 4.1(d)(vii), (ii) Buyer will 
continue to remain liable under this Agreement notwithstanding any such 
assignment, and (iii) such Affiliate of Buyer taking assignment of this Agreement 
has been approved in writing by Franchisor as a new franchisee under the 
“Extended Stay America Suites” brand as a part of the Franchise Approval.  In 
the event Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement, Buyer shall be solely 
responsible for any realty transfer taxes assessed as a result thereof, and shall pay 
such additional taxes at settlement and recording of the Deed.  Seller shall have no 
liability for any realty transfer taxes, interest and penalties assessed based on any 
consideration greater than the Purchase Price set forth herein, and Buyer shall 
indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from any costs, liability or expense 
incurred by Seller in connection with an assignment of this Agreement by Buyer, 
including, without limitation, any transfer taxes and legal fees incurred by Seller in 
connection therewith.   
SECTION 1.53 
Further Assurances.  From time to time, as and when 
requested by any party hereto, the other party shall execute and deliver, or cause to 
be executed and delivered, all such documents and instruments and shall take, or 
cause to be taken, all such further or other actions as such other party may 
reasonably deem necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, (i) the failure of any such 
party to comply with the foregoing terms of this Section 14.8 shall not constitute a 
default under, or breach of, the terms of this Agreement or the failure of any 
condition to the other party’s obligation to consummate the transactions 
contemplated herein in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) 
nothing set forth in this Section 14.8 shall be construed as permitting any party to 
adjourn or otherwise delay the Closing. 
SECTION 1.54
Notices.  All notices, demands or requests made 
pursuant to, under or by virtue of this Agreement must be in writing and shall be 
(i) personally delivered, (ii) delivered by express mail, Federal Express or other 
