28 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
of Seller (which may be granted or denied in Seller’s reasonable discretion), to interview or 
communicate with any Governmental Authority with respect to the Hotel without the prior written 
consent of Seller (which may be granted or denied in Seller’s reasonable discretion), or to do any 
invasive testing of the Hotel without the prior written consent of Seller which may be granted or 
denied in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion. A representative of Seller shall be entitled to 
accompany Buyer and its agents on any such permitted interviews, communications and testing.  
Buyer’s right of inspection of the Hotel shall be subject to the rights of the guests of the Hotel and 
the rights of Manager under the Management Agreement.  Prior to any such inspection, Buyer 
shall deliver to Seller copies of certificates of insurance reasonably satisfactory to Seller 
evidencing commercial general liability insurance policies (naming Seller, and such other 
affiliated parties as Seller may reasonably designate, as an additional insured) which shall be 
maintained by Buyer and all third parties engaged by Buyer with access to the Hotel (“Buyer’s 
Vendors”) in connection with Buyer’s or any Buyer’s Vendor’s investigations upon the Hotel, 
with limits, coverages and insurers under such policies reasonably satisfactory to Seller. Coverage 
afforded to the additional insured shall be on a primary basis and noncontributory with any 
insurance, deductibles, or self-insurance maintained by the then listed additional insureds and such 
additional insured coverage shall be provided by the most current endorsement CG 2010 and CG 
2037 or their equivalent.  Seller hereby agrees that limits of $1,000,000 per occurrence/$2,000,000 
in the aggregate for property damage, bodily or personal injury or death shall be acceptable to 
Seller.  In addition, Buyer and each of Buyer’s Vendors shall carry the following: (i) excess 
(umbrella) liability insurance with limits of not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence; (ii) 
comprehensive automobile liability insurance with a $1,000,000 combined single limit; (iii) 
employer’s liability insurance with a limit of $1,000,000 per occurrence; and (iv) worker’s 
compensation insurance in compliance with applicable statutory requirements. Buyer hereby 
indemnifies and agrees to defend and hold Seller and the Seller-Related Entities harmless from 
and against all loss, cost (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees), claim or 
damage arising out of, resulting from, relating to or in connection with or from any such inspection 
by Buyer or its agents, except to the extent such claim or damage was caused solely by Seller or 
Seller’s agents. The Deposit shall secure Buyer’s obligations under the foregoing indemnification, 
and Buyer hereby grants to Seller a security interest in the Deposit. Seller shall have the right (but 
not the obligation) to cure any of Buyer’s and/or Buyer’s agents violations of this Section 7.1. The 
security interest granted by Buyer to Seller hereby shall be superior to any interest in, or claim to, 
the Deposit that Buyer may have. Therefore, any claims that Seller may seek to satisfy from the 
Deposit due to a breach by Buyer of any of its obligations in this Section 7.1 shall have precedence 
over any claim that Buyer may have to the return of the Deposit.  If Seller uses any portion of the 
Deposit to cure any violations of Buyer under this Section 7.1, then Buyer shall be required to 
replace such sums within five (5) days of receiving written notice from Seller that it has drawn 
funds from the Deposit.  The failure by Buyer to timely replace such funds shall be deemed a 
default hereunder by Buyer resulting in Seller having the right to exercise any of its remedies under 
this Agreement arising out of a default by Buyer. The provisions of this article shall survive the 
Closing or the termination of this Agreement without limitation.  If, on or before the expiration of 
the Due Diligence Period, Buyer shall determine in its sole discretion that it is not satisfied with 
the Assets, then Buyer shall promptly (but in all events prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence 
Period) (time being of the essence) notify Seller of such determination in writing (“Termination 
Notice”), whereupon this Agreement, and the obligations of the parties hereunder, shall terminate, 
and no party hereto shall have any further obligation in connection herewith except under those 
