21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
to compensate Franchisor for its lost revenue, but not more than the amount of the Termination Fee that 
would have been due. If Franchisee and Franchisee’s Equity Owners do not sign the termination agreement 
within the required time after Franchisor delivers it to Franchisee, then Franchisee will pay the Termination 
Fee as required by this Agreement in the same manner as required to comply with Franchisee’s other post-
termination obligations under this Agreement. 
13.1.2 If a part of the Hotel is taken or condemned that does not, in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion make it unreasonable or imprudent to operate the remainder as a Brand Hotel, then this 
Agreement and the Other Agreements will remain in effect, force majeure provisions will not apply, the 
Term will not be extended, and Franchisee will comply with all obligations under this Agreement, and 
Franchisee will make all alterations or modifications necessary to operate the Hotel as an approved Brand 
Hotel as expeditiously as possible. 
13.2 
Casualty. 
13.2.1 Franchisee will notify Franchisor immediately if the Hotel is damaged by fire or 
other casualty. If the cost to repair the damage is within the insurance coverage limits required by the 
Standards and this Agreement, or if the cost to repair the damage exceeds those insurance limits but 
Franchisee notifies Franchisor immediately after the casualty that Franchisee intends to repair the damage, 
then Franchisee will repair the damage promptly, force majeure provisions will not apply, the Term will 
not be extended, and Franchisee will comply with all obligations under this Agreement. 
13.2.2 If the cost to repair the damage from a fire or other casualty exceeds the coverage 
limits required by the Standards and this Agreement and Franchisee notifies Franchisor immediately that 
Franchisee does not intend to repair the damage, then either Party may terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to the other. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 13.2.2, 
the Hotel is no longer used as an extended stay or transient lodging facility, Franchisee pays all accrued 
amounts and complies with all post-termination obligations, and Franchisee and Franchisee’s Equity 
Owners sign a termination agreement (including a release of Claims against Franchisor and its Affiliates), 
then Franchisor will waive the Termination Fee. However, Franchisor will be entitled to receive a fair and 
reasonable portion of any insurance proceeds to compensate Franchisor for its lost revenue, but not more 
than the amount of the Termination Fee that would have been due. If Franchisee and Franchisee’s Equity 
Owners do not sign the termination agreement within the required time after Franchisor delivers it to 
Franchisee, then Franchisee will pay the Termination Fee as required by this Agreement in the same manner 
as required to comply with Franchisee’s other post-termination obligations under this Agreement. If this 
Agreement is not terminated immediately, then Franchisee will repair the damage promptly, force majeure 
provisions will not apply, and Franchisee will comply with all obligations under this Agreement. 
13.2.3 Nothing in this Section 13.2 substitutes for or reduces Franchisor’s right to 
insurance proceeds as an additional insured. 
14. 
TRANSFER 
14.1 
Transfer by Franchisor. Without prior notice to or approval by Franchisee, Franchisor 
has the right to transfer, delegate or assign all or any part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement 
or of the System to any person or legal entity. The assignee will be solely and directly responsible for all of 
Franchisor’s obligations under this Agreement existing at or accruing after the date of such assignment. In 
addition, and without limiting the foregoing, without prior notice or approval by Franchisee, Franchisor 
may: (i) sell its assets; (ii) sell its securities in a public offering or in a private placement; (iii) merge with 
