10 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
9.   
MISCELLANEOUS. 
9.1 
If any term or provision of this HTA or any application thereof shall be found to be invalid, 
illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the same shall not affect the other terms or provisions hereof, other 
applications thereof or the whole of this HTA, but such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the 
extent necessary to render such term or provision enforceable, and the rights and obligations of the parties 
shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving to the fullest permissible extent the intent and 
agreements of the parties herein set forth. Without limiting the foregoing, it is expressly understood and 
agreed that each and every provision of the HTA which provide for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of 
warranties, or exclusion or limitation of damages or other remedies is intended by the parties to be severable 
and independent of any other provision and to be enforced as such. In addition, no provision of the HTA 
shall be interpreted or construed against the party responsible for the drafting or preparation of the HTA.  
Instead, such provision shall be interpreted or construed as if both the Franchisee and ESA jointly prepared 
the HTA.  Further, it is expressly understood and agreed that if any remedy hereunder is determined to have 
failed of its essential purpose, all limitations of liability and exclusions of damages or other remedies set 
forth herein shall remain in effect. The parties may execute this HTA in counterparts, each of which shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. By entering into this HTA, Franchisee expressly consents to 
transact business with ESA electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions 
Act, and all other applicable state and federal laws, this HTA may be executed by electronic signatures.  
The parties to this HTA agree that the parties’ electronic signatures are intended to authenticate this writing 
and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual signatures and an electronically signed version 
of this HTA shall constitute an original for all purposes.  Facsimile, portable document format (pdf) or other 
electronic copies of the HTA, which include the electronic representation of original signatures thereon, are 
valid, binding and enforceable and shall have the same legal effect for all purposes as signed hard copy 
originals.   
9.2 
In connection with this HTA each party is an independent contractor and as such does not 
have any authority to bind or commit the other. Nothing herein shall be deemed or construed to create a 
joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between the parties for any purpose. 
 
9.3 
Any notice or other communication given pursuant to this HTA shall be in writing and 
shall be effective when delivered personally or via overnight carrier with proof of delivery to the party for 
whom intended, or five (5) days following deposit of the same into the United States mail (certified mail, 
return receipt requested, first class postage prepaid), in either case addressed to such party at the address 
set forth on the signature page of this HTA. Either party may designate a different address by notice to the 
other given in accordance herewith. 
9.4 
No ESA Entity shall be liable for any delays or failures in performance resulting from any 
acts of God, fire, flood, lightning strikes, tornadoes, earthquakes or other disasters, riots, civil commotion, 
terrorism, acts of war, acts of government(s), labor disputes, strikes, lockouts, epidemics, network failure, 
equipment failures, fluctuations or non-availability of electrical power or telecommunications equipment 
or any other occurrence beyond their control.  
9.5 
ESA shall not be liable for any delay or failure in performance due to or arising in 
connection with (i) any instructions of Franchisee or any information provided by Franchisee or its agents 
to ESA or Vendors; (ii) any act or omission of Franchisee or any third party supplier of Franchisee; (iii) any 
breach by Franchisee of any of its obligations hereunder; or (iv) the inaccuracy or non-occurrence of any 
assumption agreed to by the parties. 
9.6 
  Section headings are for convenience and are not a part hereof. No action, regardless of 
form, arising out of the transactions under the HTA, other than an action for nonpayment or for billing 
errors may be brought by Franchisee more than one (1) year after the cause of action has occurred.  
9.7 
This HTA shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive 
