 
12 
2025 ESA Suites Development Agreement 
To the extent the Standards or any other guidance, policies, or procedures from Franchisor might apply to 
Franchisee’s employees, such Standards, guidance, policies, and procedures are provided for informational 
purposes only and are not mandatory, and Franchisee must determine to what extent, if any, they apply to its 
operation of the Hotel. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely and directly responsible for labor 
and employment matters for Franchisee’s employees, including without limitation for dictating terms and 
conditions of employment, training, wages, benefits, promotions, hirings and terminations, vacations, safety, 
work schedules, and specific tasks. If Franchisee comprises two or more persons or entities (notwithstanding 
any agreement, arrangement or understanding between or among such persons or entities) the rights, privileges 
and benefits of this Agreement may only be exercised and enjoyed jointly. The liabilities and responsibilities 
under this Agreement will be the joint and several obligations of all such persons or entities. Franchisor has no 
relationship with Franchisee’s employees, and Franchisee has no relationship with Franchisor’s employees. 
Franchisee shall have no right or power to, and shall not, bind or obligate Franchisor or its affiliates in any way 
or manner, nor represent that Franchisee has any right to do so.  Franchisee shall not issue any press releases 
without the prior written approval of Franchisor.   
12. 
GOVERNING LAW, INTERIM RELIEF, COSTS OF ENFORCEMENT, WAIVERS 
12.1 
Governing Law.   This Agreement, and all issues arising from or relating to this Agreement, 
shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of North Carolina and under any applicable 
federal Laws, regardless of any conflict-of-laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement 
would be unenforceable under North Carolina law at the time a Claim is initiated, and the Hotel 
is located outside of North Carolina, then that provision shall be interpreted and construed under 
the laws of the state in which the Hotel is located. By this choice of law, the Parties do not 
intend to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar law, rule, or regulation to which 
this Agreement would not otherwise be subject. 
12.2 
Arbitration. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement and for Claims for 
indemnification under Section 10 any controversy or Claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any Other Agreements, or the breach of this Agreement or any Other 
Agreements, including any Claim that this Agreement or any part of this Agreement or any 
related agreements is invalid, illegal, or otherwise voidable or void, as well as any Claim that 
Franchisor violated any laws in connection with the execution or enforcement of this 
Agreement or any Other Agreements and any Claim for declaratory relief, will be sent to final 
and binding arbitration in the state of North Carolina before either the American Arbitration 
Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum in accordance with the Commercial 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, including its rules for emergency 
measures of protection, except to the extent that the Commercial Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association may be interpreted to require Franchisee or Franchisor to produce 
documents, witnesses, or information at a time other than at a hearing on the Claim without our 
mutual consent. 
12.2.1 The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act applies to the interpretation and 
enforcement of this Section 12 and the arbitrator and not any federal, state, or local 
court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Disputes relating to the 
interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this agreement to arbitrate. 
The arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability 
issues relating to whether the terms are unconscionable or illusory and any defense to 
arbitration, including waiver, delays, laches or estoppel. In the event more than one 
demand for arbitration is filed in connection with this Agreement or any related 
agreements, the demand filed with the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., 
or National Arbitration Forum office having jurisdiction over North Carolina 
