25
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
NOTE 15: We will perform up to 2 site visits at your Hotel before conversion to review and certify your 
information technology system.  The first visit will be before conversion of the Hotel and if we 
determine it is required, the final visit will be after installation of the information technology 
system.  You will pay a fee of $2,000 with the first amount due before the first visit.  
NOTE 16: If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide 
services at the Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee of between 
$2,000 and $5,000 plus reimburse us for any third party expenses to approve the vendor.  We 
have included an additional $1,000 in the chart to cover third party expenses.    
NOTE 17: Except as disclosed in Item 5, none of these amounts are refundable.  This Total Estimated 
Initial Investment does not include the cost of real property. You should review these figures 
carefully with a business advisor before entering into a Franchise Agreement with us. The range 
is neither a floor on the minimum, nor a cap on the maximum you could spend and your 
expenditures could vary based on the condition of your hotel and other factors. Neither we, nor 
our affiliates, offer direct or indirect financing to franchisees for any items. The estimate does 
not include any finance charge, interest or debt service obligation. The cost estimates listed 
above are for hotels that are to be converted into the Brand rather than newly developed. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You must operate the Hotel in compliance with our Standards and all of our other policies, procedures and 
requirements that we communicate to you. We will make our Standards available to you in digital, 
electronic or other computerized form or, at our option, in hard paper copy.  
Approved Supplies/Suppliers 
In order to ensure that items used at Brand Hotels are uniform and of similar quality, and to maintain the 
identity, integrity and reputation of the System, you must use only Supplies that comply with our Standards. 
In this context, “Supplies” include all furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signage, branded items, Hotel 
photography, linens, operating supplies, computer and telecommunications equipment, including network 
and telecommunications infrastructure equipment, software, flooring, wall covering, lighting, food and 
beverages, insurance and other items or services used in the construction, renovation, maintenance, 
operation and advertising of the Hotel.  Supplies would also include your property management, 
reservation, revenue management, payment processing, telephone, entertainment, and high-speed internet 
systems, and other technology systems and services.  All of your marketing materials must be approved by 
us and your lease must contain certain provisions that we require.  
We may designate suppliers, including us (and we may be the only designated supplier for certain items), 
for certain Supplies. Unless the Standards explicitly say otherwise, however, you may procure Supplies 
from any source that is not disapproved by us, so long as the Supplies comply with the Standards. We may 
require suppliers to sign designated supplier agreements with us.  Our designation of a supplier is not a 
warranty of the supplier’s financial condition or performance. We may refuse to permit purchases from 
suppliers whose Supplies fail to meet the Standards. 
If we designate a supplier in the future from whom you must procure Supplies, we expect to provide the 
criteria upon which we designate the supplier, your ability to purchase from alternative suppliers, and any 
procedures (including, required fees, timing, and the revocation of approval) for the purchase from 
alternative suppliers. None of our officers owns an interest in any approved supplier of the System. 
