41
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Mark
Registration Number
Registration Date
4167398 
7/3/2012, renewed 
7/26/2022 
4274227 
1/15/2013, renewed 
7/26/2022 
4274224 
1/15/2013, renewed 
7/26/2022 
There are no currently effective determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the 
trademark administrator of any state, or of any court, nor any pending infringement, opposition, or 
cancellation proceedings, nor any pending material litigation involving the Marks. Except as disclosed 
above, there are no other agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license 
the use of the Marks in any manner material to the System.  We have filed all required affidavits and 
renewals for the principal trademarks.    
You must promptly notify us of any suspected unauthorized use of the Marks, any challenge to the validity 
of the Marks, or any challenge to our right to use and to license others to use, or your right to use, the Marks. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we have the right to direct, and control any litigation, administrative 
proceeding, or other effort to address any infringement, challenge, or claim involving the Marks, including 
any settlement of the action. We also have the right to take action against uses by others that may constitute 
infringement of the Marks. You must sign any documents and take any other reasonable actions that we 
deem necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation, administrative 
proceeding, or efforts to address any infringement, challenge, or claim and to protect our interest in the 
Marks. Although we have no obligation to indemnify you, we will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket 
costs for taking any requested action. 
We have the right, upon reasonable notice, to change, discontinue, or substitute any of the Marks and to 
adopt entirely different or new Marks for use with the System without any liability to you. You must 
implement any changes at your expense in accordance with our instructions within the time periods we 
specify. You have no right to any compensation or other remedies from us for any such modification. 
All goodwill and ownership rights from your use of the Marks and the System accrue solely to us. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Patents and Copyrights 
We do not own any current or pending patents that are material to the franchise being offered. We own 
common law copyrights in the Standards, which we maintain as our confidential and proprietary 
information. Although we will make the Standards available to you during the Term of your Franchise 
Agreement solely for your use in the operation of your Hotel, these materials are our property and must be 
returned to us upon expiration or termination of your Franchise Agreement. Your use of the Standards 
