39 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(c)
Water and Sewer Charges, Utilities.  All utility services shall be prorated as 
of the Cut-Off Time between Buyer and Seller.  To the extent possible, readings shall be obtained 
for all utilities as of the Cut-Off Time.  If not possible, the cost of such utilities shall be prorated 
between Seller and Buyer by estimating such cost on the basis of the most recent bill for such 
service; provided, however, that after the Closing, Seller and Buyer shall reprorate the amount for 
such utilities and pay any deficiency in the original proration to the other party promptly upon 
receipt of the actual bill for the relevant billing period.  Seller shall receive a credit for all deposits 
transferred to Buyer or which remain on deposit for the benefit of Buyer with respect to such utility 
contracts, otherwise such deposits shall be refunded to Seller, as applicable. 
(d) 
Operating Contracts.  Charges and payments (including the reimbursement 
of expenses) under all Operating Contracts. 
(e)
Miscellaneous Revenues.  Revenues, if any, arising out of any other income 
producing agreements not described in this Section 10.1. 
(f)
Inventory.  Seller shall receive a credit for all Inventories and Retail 
Merchandise in unopened cases in an amount equal to Seller’s actual cost (including sales and/or 
use tax) for such items.
(g) 
[Intentionally Omitted].
(h) 
Licenses and Permits.  All amounts prepaid, accrued or due and payable 
under any Licenses and Permits (other than utilities which are separately prorated under 
Section 10.1(b)) transferred to Buyer shall be prorated as of the Cut-Off Time between Seller and 
Buyer.  Seller shall receive a credit for all deposits made by Seller under the Licenses and Permits 
which are transferred to Buyer or which remain on deposit for the benefit of Buyer. 
(i) 
Deposits for Bookings.  Buyer shall receive a credit for all prepaid deposits 
for Bookings scheduled for accommodations or events on or after the Closing Date which Buyer 
is obligated to honor pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent such deposits are transferred 
to Buyer. 
(j) 
[Intentionally Omitted].
(k) 
Vending Machines.  Seller shall remove all monies from all vending 
machines, laundry machines, pay telephones and other coin-operated equipment as of the Cut-Off 
Time and shall retain all monies collected therefrom as of the Cut-Off Time, and Buyer shall be 
entitled to any monies collected therefrom after the Cut-Off Time. 
(l) 
Trade Payables.  Except to the extent an adjustment or proration is made 
under another subsection of this Section 10.1, (i) Seller shall be responsible for all amounts 
payable to vendors, contractors or other suppliers of goods or services to the Hotel (the “Trade 
Payables”) prior to the Cut-Off Time which are due and payable as of the Cut-Off Time for which 
goods or services have been delivered to the Hotel prior to Cut-Off Time, and (ii) Buyer shall 
receive a credit for the amount of such Trade Payables which have accrued, but are not yet due 
and payable as of the Cut-Off Time, and Buyer shall pay all such Trade Payables accrued after the 
Cut-Off Time when such Trade Payables become due and payable up to the amount of such credit 
