15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
in any follow-up inspections, audits, remediations, and re-evaluation visits and pay any costs, fees or 
charges required to fully correct all deficiencies.  
6.5 
Delegation. Franchisor may delegate performance of any portion of Franchisor’s rights 
and obligations under this Agreement to third parties, including independent contractors, Affiliates, and 
agents. At Franchisor’s sole discretion, Franchisor may require deposits, pre-payments, or payments 
including Travel Costs for exercising these rights and obligations to be made directly to these parties. 
7. 
SYSTEM AND STANDARDS 
7.1 
Modifications of the System and Standards. Franchisor may make changes to the System 
and the Standards, including material changes, additions, substitutions or deletions, at Franchisor’s sole 
discretion at any time and from time to time. Franchisee must comply with all such changes in accordance 
with schedules established by Franchisor.  Franchisor is not liable to Franchisee for any expenses, losses, 
damages or charges that Franchisee may incur as a result of any such changes. Franchisee acknowledges 
and will not contest, either directly or indirectly, Franchisor's and its Affiliates’ unrestricted and exclusive 
ownership of and right to use the System and any element(s) or component(s) thereof, or that Franchisor or 
any of its Affiliates has the sole and exclusive right to grant licenses to use all or any element(s) or 
component(s) of the System and will not take any other action in derogation of such ownership and rights 
of Franchisor and any of its Affiliates. 
7.2 
Access to Standards. Franchisor will make the Standards available to Franchisee in the 
Standards Manual and other collateral documents. Franchisor will license Franchisee access to the 
Standards Manual during the Term, in digital, electronic or other computerized form, or, at Franchisor’s 
sole discretion, in hard paper copy, each according to the license set forth hereinabove.    If there is a Dispute 
relating to the contents of the Standards Manual, Franchisor’s master copy will be controlling whether kept 
on paper or electronically.  Franchisee will ensure that its copy of the Standards Manual is at all times 
current and up to date.  
8. 
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING; FRANCHISOR WEBSITE 
8.1 
Franchisor Marketing Initiatives. Franchisee must participate in all marketing, 
advertising, sales, promotion, publicity, quality, internet, social media, guest satisfaction, market research 
initiatives, programs and activities that Franchisor periodically requires for the Hotel in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion and in the manner that Franchisor may specify, including the Reservation Service, loyalty 
programs, and electronic channel requirements, and will not participate in and will discontinue and/or modify 
any initiatives or programs as required by Franchisor from time to time in its sole discretion. Franchisee will 
ensure conduct of all such in compliance with the Standards and Laws and, subject to the foregoing, all 
agreements entered into by Franchisee and payment of all fees and charges in connection therewith. 
8.2 
Approval of Marketing Programs and Marketing Materials. 
8.2.1 
Subject to Franchisee’s compliance with the Standards and Laws and with this 
Agreement, including Section 5.11 above, and at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, Franchisee may 
conduct local and regional marketing, advertising, and promotional programs for the Hotel. 
8.2.2 
Franchisee must submit to Franchisor samples of all Marketing Materials that 
reference any of the Marks and must receive Franchisor’s prior written approval in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion before using any such Marketing Materials. If Franchisor does not expressly approve the 
Marketing Materials within ten (10) business days of receiving them, they are deemed to be disapproved. 
