12 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(c)
Purchase Price Allocation. Seller and Buyer agree that the Purchase Price 
shall be allocated among the real property and other tangible and intangible property comprising 
the Assets as set forth on Schedule A-4 attached hereto for federal, state and local tax purposes 
(including, without limitation, documentary stamp tax, surtax and other similar transfer taxes on 
the deed, if any) in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code.  Buyer and Seller shall file all 
federal, state and local tax returns and related tax documents consistent with such allocation, as 
the same may be adjusted pursuant to Section 10.1 or any other provisions of this Agreement.  This 
Section 2.2(c) shall survive the Closing without limitation. 
(d)
Additional Purchase Price.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to 
the contrary, if Buyer sells all or substantially all of the Assets (or all or substantially all of the 
direct or indirect interests in Buyer) to an unaffiliated third party within twenty-four (24) months 
after the Closing Date and the purchase price for such sale is greater than the Purchase Price, then, 
simultaneously with the closing of such sale, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to fifty 
percent (50%) of the Net Proceeds (hereinafter defined) from such sale. “Net Proceeds” shall be 
the amount resulting from the difference between the gross purchase price of the sale and the 
Purchase Price, less usual and customary closing costs. The provisions of this Section 2.2(d) shall 
survive Closing.  
SECTION 1.4
Deposit.   
(a)
Deposit. On the date hereof, Buyer shall deposit with Title Company, as 
escrow agent (in such capacity, “Escrow Agent”), an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the 
Purchase Price (such cash deposit, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall be referred to 
as the “Initial Deposit”) in immediately available funds by wire transfer to such account as Escrow 
Agent shall designate to Buyer.  If this Agreement is not terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(a), 
Buyer shall deposit with Escrow Agent within one (1) Business Day following the expiration of 
the Due Diligence Period an additional amount equal to three percent (3%) of the Purchase Price 
in immediately available funds by wire transfer to such account as Escrow Agent shall designate 
to Buyer (such cash deposit, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall be referred to as the 
“Additional Deposit”).
[If such Additional Deposit is not timely deposited, the same shall 
constitute a material default hereunder and Seller may terminate this Agreement, in which event 
the Initial Deposit, and all interest accrued thereon, shall be immediately delivered to Seller as 
liquidated damages in accordance with Section 12.1.]  The Initial Deposit and, if delivered, the 
Additional Deposit, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall be referred to individually and 
collectively herein as the “Deposit.”  Upon delivery of the Deposit by Buyer to Escrow Agent and 
upon delivery of a completed and executed W-9 Form, stating the Buyer’s taxpayer identification 
number at the time of the delivery of the Deposit, the Deposit will be deposited by Escrow Agent 
into an interest-bearing account acceptable to Buyer and Seller and shall be held in escrow in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 14.5.  All interest earned on the Deposit while held by 
Escrow Agent shall be paid to the party to whom the Deposit is paid, except that if the Closing 
occurs, Buyer shall receive a credit for such interest in accordance with Section 2.2(a).  The 
Deposit shall be non-refundable to Buyer, and fully earned by Seller, as of the date the Deposit is 
delivered to Escrow Agent and shall not be returned to Buyer for any reason except (i) in 
connection with a termination of the Agreement by Buyer as a result of a Seller default pursuant 
to Section 12.2(b) hereof, (ii) as expressly set forth in Section 8.3(b), (iii) pursuant to Section 
