21
 
 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Orientation training. You must pay us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send 
to the New Owner Orientation plus any travel and lodging costs of attending this session. 
NOTE 11: Includes salaries, wages, and benefits for the general manager and other staff during the pre-
opening phase; pre-opening local and regional advertising and marketing; and miscellaneous 
other pre-opening costs. These expenses will vary widely depending on management decisions 
and the scope of your pre-opening marketing plan. 
NOTE 12: If you need an extension of time to open your Hotel (or to complete your renovation) beyond 
the deadline specified in your Franchise Agreement, you may be required to pay us an extension 
fee in the amount of $5,000 when you submit your request for the extension. See Section 4.3.3 
of the Franchise Agreement.  
NOTE 13: Includes estimated expenses for salaries, wages and benefits, utilities, replacement of 
consumed OS&E and other operating costs typically incurred during the first three months of 
operation. These costs may vary widely from market to market and will depend on your own 
operating model and management decisions. In formulating these estimates we relied on the 
history of our affiliate in opening new hotels since 2019.   
NOTE 14: If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide 
services at the Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee of between 
$2,000 and $5,000 plus reimburse us for any third party expenses to approve the vendor.  We 
have included an additional $1,000 in the chart to cover third party expenses.    
NOTE 15: We will perform up to 3 site visits at your Hotel during construction.  The first visit will be pre-
drywall, the second visit will be post-millwork install and pre-FF&E install, and the third will 
be a final construction visit after substantial completion.  You will pay a fee of $6,000 before 
the first of the 3 site visits.  You may request our construction team perform additional site 
visits at the cost of $2,000 per visit.     
NOTE 16: We will perform up to 2 site visits at your Hotel during construction to review and certify your 
information technology system.  The first visit will be during construction of the property and 
if we determine it is required, the final visit will be after installation of the information 
technology system, but before opening of the Hotel.  You will pay a fee of $2,000 per visit with 
the first amount due before the first visit.  
NOTE 17: This chart is based on a Hotel with 124 guestrooms.   Except as disclosed in Item 5, none of 
these amounts are refundable.  This Total Estimated Initial Investment does not include the 
cost of real property. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before 
entering into a Franchise Agreement with us. The range is neither a floor on the minimum, nor 
a cap on the maximum you could spend and your expenditures could vary. Neither we, nor our 
affiliates, offer direct or indirect financing to franchisees for any items. The estimate does not 
include any finance charge, interest or debt service obligation. The cost estimates listed above 
are for Hotels that are to be newly developed rather than converted into the Brand.   
