36
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Optional Functional Path 
Training via ESU Online
Varies
N/A
Online
New Owner Orientation 
At least one principal of a newly signed franchisee must attend our New Owner Orientation at our corporate 
headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina within 6 months (for new construction hotels) or 3 months (for 
conversion hotels) after signing the Franchise Agreement (FA Section 6.2). As of the date of this disclosure 
documents, this 2-day orientation takes place in a classroom setting and covers the following topics: an 
introduction to the ESA brands and ESA culture, brand standards, resources, communications, systems 
purchasing, construction/renovation process, revenue strategy and management, billing, and reporting. You 
must pay us $1,900 per individual for each attendee that you send to the New Owner Orientation. This 
amount is nonrefundable and is due before the individual attends the training. The attendance fee for the 
first individual will be invoiced to you after execution of your Franchise Agreement. You will be 
responsible for travel, lodging and some meal expenses for all attendees during the training.  Unless you 
are purchasing an existing ESA property, a minimum of one franchisee principal must complete this training 
to our satisfaction before your hotel will be approved for opening as a Brand Hotel.  In the event an existing 
ESA property is purchased, at least one franchisee principal must complete this training to our satisfaction 
within 90 days of purchasing the property.  
General Manager Certification 
During the Term, you or your Management Company (if any) must employ a full-time, qualified and 
competent General Manager. The General Manager must complete our General Manager Certification 
program to our satisfaction (FA, Section 5.1).  Otherwise, we do not train your employees.  We do not hire 
your employees for you.   You must pay us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send to this 
program.   
The General Manager Certification program is a two-day workshop facilitated by ESA at our corporate 
headquarters in Charlotte, NC and can be complemented with optional Functional Path Training modules 
via ESU Online.  We reserve the right to conduct General Manager Certification virtually if we determine, 
in our sole judgment, that circumstances require us to do so.    Attendees will be trained on our brand 
requirements for a Brand Hotel, processes, technology systems, quality programs, guest relations 
procedures, service culture and various other topics.  General Managers must successfully complete this 
mandatory training program to our satisfaction before the Opening Date of a newly constructed Brand Hotel 
or within 60 days of the opening for a transferred or converted Brand Hotel or within 60 days of hire for a 
new General Manager. If we do not offer the General Manager Certification training within the specified 
time period, required attendees must complete the next available program. General Managers must present 
a certificate of completion upon request.  
 
Pre-Opening Onsite Training 
The third part of our required initial training program includes scheduling a pre-opening visit to assist you 
with training your Hotel staff on brand standards, systems and related issues concerning the Hotel’s opening 
(FA Section 6.1). You must pay us a $2,500 fee to cover our travel, lodging, and overhead expenses. The 
trainer will arrive at or before the hotel opening or transfer and typically stays for 2 days.  There are no 
instructional materials or tasks that you must complete to our satisfaction.  As of the date of this disclosure 
document, attendees will be trained on our brand requirements, processes, technology systems, quality 
programs, guest relations procedures and various other topics. However, if we determine (in our sole 
