20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
12. 
PRIVACY, DATA PROTECTION 
12.1 
Data and Guest Data. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that, subject to the Laws, 
including all applicable Data Protection Laws, all Data and Guest Data that it collects or causes to be 
collected on its behalf in connection with the development and operation of the Hotel is deemed to be owned 
exclusively by Franchisor, and Franchisee agrees to provide such Data and Guest Data to Franchisor at any 
time that Franchisor requires. Franchisee has the right to use Data and Guest Data during the Term, but 
only as authorized by Franchisor in connection with the development and operation of the Hotel for the 
licensed purposes and only in accordance with policies that Franchisor establishes from time to time.  
Franchisee may not sell, transfer, or use Data or Guest Data for any purpose other than developing and 
operating the Hotel during the Term and marketing Franchisor’s products and services, each pursuant to 
the license in this Agreement. All Data and Guest Data that Franchisee provides to Franchisor pursuant to 
this Agreement must be accurate, not misleading, and in compliance with the Laws, including all Data 
Protection Laws.  
12.2 
Data Protection and Privacy. Franchisee agrees to abide by all applicable Data Protection 
Laws and any other related Laws pertaining to the privacy of consumer, employee, and transactional 
information (collectively, “Privacy Laws”), as well as Franchisor’s Standards and policies on data 
protection and privacy, as such Laws, Standards, and policies may be amended throughout the Term. If 
Franchisee determines that there is a conflict between Franchisor’s Standards and policies and then-current 
Data Protection Laws or Privacy Laws, Franchisee must: (i) comply with the requirements of the applicable 
law(s); (ii) immediately give Franchisor written notice of such conflict; and (iii) promptly and fully 
cooperate with Franchisor and its counsel in determining the most effective way, if possible, to comply 
with Franchisor’s Standards and policies within the bounds of applicable Data Protection Laws and Privacy 
Laws.  Franchisee agrees not to publish, circulate, implement, revise, or rescind any data privacy policy 
without Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Franchisee will not take any 
action that could cause Franchisor to violate any Data Protection Laws or Privacy Laws. Franchisee will 
indemnify Franchisor and its Affiliates for all costs and damages Franchisor may incur in connection with 
Franchisee’s loss or compromise of Data and Guest Data or Franchisee’s non-compliance with Data 
Protection Laws, Privacy Laws, or the Standards. If Franchisee becomes aware of any loss, theft, or 
compromise of Data or Guest Data, Franchisee must immediately notify Franchisor and must comply with 
the notice requirements of all applicable Data Protection Laws and Privacy Laws.   
13. 
CONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY 
13.1 
Condemnation. 
13.1.1 If the entire Hotel is taken or condemned in any eminent domain, taking, 
condemnation, compulsory acquisition, forced assignment, sale, or like proceeding by any competent 
authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, or if any portion is taken or condemned that in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion makes it imprudent or unreasonable to use the remaining portion as a Brand 
Hotel, then this Agreement and the Other Agreements will terminate as of the date of the taking or 
condemnation. Franchisee will provide Franchisor with written notice within the earliest possible time, but 
at least within twenty (20) days of Franchisee’s receipt of notice of any such proposed action. If this 
Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 13.1.1 and if Franchisee and Franchisee’s Equity Owners 
sign a termination agreement (including a release of all Claims against Franchisor and its Affiliates), the 
Hotel is no longer used as an extended stay or transient lodging facility, Franchisee pays all accrued amounts 
and complies with all post-termination obligations, then Franchisor will waive the Termination Fee. 
However, Franchisor will be entitled to receive a fair and reasonable portion of any condemnation award 
