24
 
 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
NOTE 7:
The low estimate assumes your existing insurance pre-conversion would satisfy our Standards 
and you would have no additional insurance expenses in a conversion. You must add us as an 
additional named insured on all insurance coverage. You must obtain insurance coverages 
required by the Standards. The cost of such coverage will vary based on selected carrier, 
coverage levels, geographic location, special provisions and other factors, including your risk 
profile. The high estimate is to acquire and maintain the types of insurance we require in the 
amounts we require during the first 3-months of operation of your Hotel. 
NOTE 8: 
The low estimate assumes you would have already incurred these amounts pre-conversion and 
would have no additional expenses of this nature in a conversion. 
NOTE 9: 
Includes Project Management Fee, PMS set up costs, equipment and license costs, revenue 
management and Reservation Service set up costs, and third-party project management service 
costs (See Item 11).  These estimates also include potential costs for televisions, telephones, 
network infrastructure and related installation.   
NOTE 10: Your general manager must complete our GM Certification program currently held virtually or 
in person from our Charlotte, NC headquarters. You will be responsible for the cost of the 
program ($1,900) plus any travel and lodging costs of attending these sessions. The estimate 
does not include the cost of sending any additional employees to our GM Certification program.  
You may elect to send additional employees to the GM Certification program for a fee of 
$1,900 per employee.  You will also be responsible for any travel and lodging costs for all 
employees who attend these sessions.  Additionally, you will be responsible for the out-of-
pocket costs, including travel and lodging costs, that we incur in providing on-site training to 
your hotel staff on IT systems and brand standard requirements. If you are new to the ESA 
System, at least one of your equity owners is required to attend our New Owner Orientation 
training. You must pay us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send to the New 
Owner Orientation plus any travel and lodging costs of attending this session. 
NOTE 11: Includes salaries, wages, and benefits for the general manager and other staff during the pre-
opening phase; pre-opening local and regional advertising and marketing; and miscellaneous 
other pre-opening costs. These expenses will vary widely depending on management decisions 
and the scope of your pre-opening marketing plan. 
NOTE 12: If you need an extension of time to open your Hotel (or to complete your renovation) beyond 
the deadline specified in your Franchise Agreement, you may be required to pay us an extension 
fee in the amount of $5,000 when you submit your request for the extension. See Section 4.3.3 
of the Franchise Agreement.  
NOTE 13: Includes estimated expenses for salaries, wages and benefits, utilities, replacement of 
consumed OS&E and other operating costs typically incurred during the first 3 months of 
operation. These costs may vary widely from market to market and will depend on your own 
operating model and management decisions.  The low estimate assumes your property would 
be operating during the conversion and it would be generating the additional funds needed to 
operate during the first 3 months of the conversion.  In formulating these estimates we relied 
on the history of our affiliate since 2018 in converting 2 of its hotels along with the history of 
our franchisees who have converted various of their hotels since 2019.   
NOTE 14: Depending on the scope of renovation required, we may perform up to 3 site visits at your Hotel 
during renovation.  You will pay a fee of $2,000 before each visit.  You may request our 
construction team perform additional site visits at the cost of $2,000 per visit.     
