7 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
by or through the tenants affecting the Hotel, notices of commencement or similar filings filed in 
connection with tenant improvements, capital expenditures or landlord work, (xiv) such other 
exceptions as the Title Company shall commit to insure over without any additional cost or liability 
to Buyer, whether such insurance is made available in consideration of payment, bonding, 
indemnity of Seller or otherwise, or made pursuant to an endorsement to the Title Policy, and (xv) 
any liens or encumbrances resulting from the acts of Buyer or Buyer’s vendors, or otherwise 
approved in writing by Buyer.  
“Person” shall mean a natural person, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
company, corporation, trust, estate, association, unincorporated association or other entity. 
“Post Effective Date Monetary Encumbrance” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in 
Section 8.3(c). 
“Property and Equipment” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(viii). 
“Purchase Price” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.2(a). 
“Reconciliation Date” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.3. 
“Releasees” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.3. 
“Reporting Person” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 14.4(c). 
“Retail Merchandise” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(x). 
“Seller” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Preamble to this Agreement.
“Seller Encumbrances” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.3(a). 
“Seller-Related Entities” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 11.2. 
“Seller’s Knowledge” shall mean the actual knowledge of Seller based upon the actual 
knowledge of [SELLER’S KNOWLEDGE INDIVIDUAL], with respect to the Assets, without 
any duty on the part of such Person to conduct any independent investigation or make any inquiry 
of any Person. The named individual shall have no personal liability by virtue of his inclusion in 
this definition.
“Space Leases” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.2(c).  
“Termination Notice” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.1(a). 
“Title Commitment” shall mean that certain title report for the Hotel issued by Title 
Company, described on Schedule A-2 attached hereto. 
“Title Company” shall mean __________. 
