2 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and shall in any event include the ownership or power 
to vote fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding equity or voting interests, respectively, of 
such other Person. 
“Agreement” shall mean this Agreement of Purchase and Sale, together with the exhibits 
and schedules attached hereto, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified. 
“Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws” shall have the meaning assigned 
thereto in Section 3.1(f)(i).  
“Applicable Law” shall mean all statutes, laws, common law, rules, regulations, 
ordinances, codes or other legal requirements of any Governmental Authority, board of fire 
underwriters and similar quasi-governmental agencies or entities, and any judgment, injunction, 
order, directive, decree or other judicial or regulatory requirement of any Governmental Authority 
of competent jurisdiction affecting or relating to the Person or property in question. 
“Asset File” shall mean the materials with respect to the Assets (i) previously delivered to 
Buyer or its representatives by or on behalf of Seller, whether written or orally, (ii) made available 
to Buyer or its representatives at the Hotel or at the offices of Broker, in each case, whether written 
or orally, (iii) made available to Buyer or its representatives in the data room web site created by 
Seller, Broker, Affiliate, or any agent or representative of Seller on behalf of Seller, or (iv) from 
any of Buyer’s reports, inspections, surveys and/or studies. 
“Asset-Related Property” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b). 
“Assets” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in “Background” paragraph A. 
“Assignment of Contracts and Leases” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in 
Section 6.1(b).  
“Assignment of Licenses and Permits” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in 
Section 6.1(b). 
“Basket Limitation” shall mean an amount equal one half of one percent (0.5%) of the 
Purchase Price.   
“Bill of Sale” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 6.2(b). 
“Blocking Event” shall mean an event, development, condition or state of facts that results 
in: (a) Federal Express and the United Parcel Service from being able to pick up packages from, 
or deliver packages to, Buyer, Seller, Escrow Agent or the applicable legal counsel of any of the 
foregoing, (b) the inability of the Escrow Agent or Title Company to perform its duties as 
contemplated herein[; provided that it shall not be a Blocking Event if a replacement escrow agent 
within the same national title insurance company agrees to act as escrow agent pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement at no additional cost or liability to either party],  (c) the local recording 
office being unable to record documents and the Title Company being unwilling or unable to 
