2 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
SCG GP Holdings, LLC (“SCG”) as described below, and B9 Eagle NR LLC (“NR”), which is affiliated 
with various The Blackstone Group, Inc. entities as described below.  Eagle’s principal business address is 
13024 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Suite 1000, Charlotte, NC 28277. 
SCG Affiliation
The general partner of EPLP is Eagle Parent GP 6, L.L.C. (“EPGP”), which is owned by SOF-XI Eagle 
Parent Holdings 6, L.P. (“XI”) and SOF-XII U.S. NRE Holdings, L.P (“XII”).  The general partner of XI 
is Starwood XI Management Holdings GP, L.L.C. (“XIGP”).  The general partner of XII is SOF-XII 
Holdings GP, L.L.C. (“XIIGP”).  The ultimate parent company of XIGP and XIIGP is SCG.  The principal 
business address of EPLP, EPGP, XI, XIGP, XII and XIIGP is 591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, CT 
06830. The principal business address of SCG is 2340 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, FL 33139.  
 
Entities related to SCG are engaged in a variety of business activities in the lodging and hospitality industry, 
including, but not limited to, ownership and/or management of portfolios of full-service and luxury resort 
properties and extended stay properties operating under various names in different parts of the United 
States, Europe and Asia.  Except as disclosed below, none of these entities that are related to SCG currently 
offer franchises for these brands.  Given the diversity and breadth of the assets under management by 
entities related to SCG, it is possible that one of the related entities may offer franchises in the lodging or 
hospitality industry.  
 
Some of the properties operating through entities related to SCG are franchised and operated under license 
agreements with competitors of ours and our affiliates. Guest lodging properties franchised by or operating 
through current or former affiliates of SCG may currently or in the future be located in the market areas of 
Extended Stay America Suites Hotels.  These guest lodging properties may compete with you.  
 
Yotel Affiliation 
SCG through various affiliates also indirectly owns an interest in Yotel Limited.  Yotel Limited is the 
franchisor of the Yotel, Yotel Air and Yotel Pad branded hotels and may be considered an affiliate of ours.  
Yotel Limited began offering franchises for Yotel, Yotel Air and Yotel Pad hotels in the United States and 
other global markets beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and as of December 31, 2024, has 3 franchised 
hotels worldwide.  Yotel Limited has never operated any of the hotels referred to in this paragraph nor has 
it offered franchises in any other line of business.  Its principal business address is 136 High Holborn, 
London, England, WC1V 6PX.  
Shimao Affiliation
SCG through various affiliates also indirectly owns an interest in Shanghai Shimao Star Hotel Management 
Co., Limited (“Shimao”), which began offering franchises under the Yu Hotels, Ethos, Minimax Premier, 
and Minimax brands in China in July 2017 and as of December 31, 2024, has 2 franchise agreements in 
place for hotels in China. Shimao has never offered franchises in any other line of business. Its principal 
business address is No. 2123 Pudong Avenue 3F, Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, China. 
 
Blackstone Affiliation 
NR is wholly owned by B9 Eagle NR LP (“NRLP”) whose general partner is B9 Eagle NR GP LLC 
(“NRGP”).  Blackstone Real Estate Partners IX-TE (AIV) L.P. (“TE”) and Blackstone Real Estate Partners 
IX.F L.P. (“FLP”) collectively own more than a majority of, and are the two largest owners of, NRLP and 
NRGP.  The ultimate parent company of TE and FLP is Blackstone Inc. (“BX”), which is a publicly held 
