21 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 1.12
Employee Matters.   
(a)
Employees.  Buyer acknowledges that the Employees are currently 
employed by Manager or its Affiliates. 
(b) 
Continuity of Employees.  The parties intend that there will be continuity 
of employment with respect to all of the Employees.  It is further agreed that on or prior to the 
Closing Date, Seller shall cause Manager to terminate all Employees at the Hotel, and Buyer shall 
offer employment at the Hotel (or cause its manager to offer employment) commencing on the 
Closing Date to all Employees, including those on vacation, leave of absence, disability, furlough 
or layoff, who were employed at the Hotel on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, on 
reasonable and customary terms and conditions (including, without limitation, compensation, 
salary, employee benefits, job responsibility and descriptions, location, seniority and deemed 
length of service) consistent in all material respects with the terms and conditions as those provided 
to such Employees by Manager on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.  Those 
Employees who accept Buyer’s (or its manager’s) offer of employment and commence 
employment with Buyer (or its manager) on the Closing Date shall hereafter be referred to as 
“Transferred Employees.”  Buyer shall be liable for any amounts to which any Employee (whether 
deemed a Transferred Employee or otherwise) becomes entitled under any severance policy, plan, 
agreement, arrangement or program which exists or arises, or may be deemed to exist or arise, as 
a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether under 
Applicable Law or otherwise.   
(c)
Indemnity.  Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller and Manager 
(and the other Seller-Related Entities) harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, 
demands, proceedings, losses, expenses, damages, obligations and liabilities (including costs of 
collection, attorney’s fees and other costs of defense) arising out of or otherwise in respect of (i) 
the termination of any Employees in violation of this Agreement; (ii) failure of Buyer (or its 
manager) to continue the employment of any Transferred Employee on the same terms and 
conditions as said Employee enjoys on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date; (iii) a 
breach by Buyer of the covenants set forth in Section 4.3(b); (iv) the failure of Buyer to comply 
with its obligations (including, but not limited to, any statutory obligations) with respect to the 
Transferred Employees or obligations under Section 4.3(d); (v) any claim made by any Transferred 
Employee for severance pay; (vi) any claim made by any Employee in relation to any alleged 
discriminatory hiring or firing practices of Buyer; and (vii) any claim made by any Transferred 
Employee arising on or after the Closing Date. 
(d) 
WARN Act.  Buyer (or its manager) shall not, at any time prior to 90 days 
after the Closing Date, effectuate a “plant closing” or “mass layoff,” as those terms are defined in 
the WARN Act, or take any action that would trigger the requirements under the WARN Act, 
affecting in whole or in part any site of employment, facility, operating unit or Employee, without 
notifying Seller in advance and without complying with the notice requirements and other 
provisions of the WARN Act.  In addition, Buyer shall provide a full defense to, and indemnify 
the Seller-Related Entities for any Losses which the Seller-Related Entities may incur in 
connection with any suit or claim of violation brought against or affecting any of the Seller-Related 
Entities under the WARN Act or any similar state law for any actions taken by Buyer (or its 
manager or any of its and its manager’s Affiliates) with regard to any site of employment, facility, 
