8 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
“Title Policy” shall mean an ALTA owner’s title insurance policy without endorsements 
issued by Title Company insuring Buyer’s title to the Land and Improvements, subject only to the 
Permitted Exceptions, in a total amount equal to the Purchase Price. 
“Title Report Objection Date” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.2(a). 
“Title Report Objection Notice” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 8.2(a).  
“Trade Payables” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.1(k). 
“Transferred Employee” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.3(b). 
“Uniform System of Accounts” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in 
Section 2.1(b)(viii). 
“WARN Act” shall mean the Worker’s Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 
1988, 29 U.S.C. § 2101, et seq., and any similar state and local Applicable Law, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations, rules and guidance issued pursuant thereto. 
SALE, PURCHASE PRICE AND CLOSING 
SECTION 1.2
Sale of the Assets.   
(a)
Sale on Closing Date. On the Closing Date and pursuant to the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller shall sell to Buyer, and Buyer shall 
purchase from Seller, the Assets. 
(b) 
Sale of Asset Related Property. The transfer of the Assets to Buyer shall 
include the transfer of all Asset-Related Property.  For purposes of this Agreement, subject to 
Section 2.1(c), “Asset-Related Property” shall mean all of Seller’s right, title and interest in and to 
the following:  
(i) 
all easements or licenses benefitting the Land; all streets alleys and 
rights of way, open or proposed in front of or adjoining or servicing all or any part 
of the Land; all strips and gores in front of or adjoining all or any part of the Land; 
easements, tenements and hereditaments appurtenant to the Land or used in 
connection with the beneficial use and enjoyment of the Land or the Improvements 
included in the Assets or in any way appertaining to the Land or Improvements; 
(ii) 
all furniture, furnishings, fixtures, rugs, mats, carpeting, appliances, 
devices, engines, telephone and other communications equipment, televisions and 
other video equipment, plumbing fixtures and other equipment, and all other 
equipment and other items of tangible personal property which are now, or may 
hereafter prior to the Closing Date be, placed in or attached to the Hotel and are 
used exclusively in connection with the operation of the Hotel (but not including 
items which are leased by Seller or owned or leased by the Manager) (the “FF&E”);
