13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
make available to any unauthorized Person all or any part of the Standards or other Confidential 
Information. Franchisee may divulge the Standards and other Confidential Information only to those of 
Franchisee’s employees or agents who require them for the development or operation of the Hotel, and only 
if those employees or agents are (i) apprised of the confidential nature of the information before it is 
divulged to them and (ii) bound by confidentiality obligations substantially similar to those in this Section. 
Franchisee is liable for any breaches of these confidentiality obligations by Franchisee’s employees or 
agents. Franchisee will maintain the Standards and other Confidential Information in a safe and secure 
location and will immediately report to Franchisor any theft or loss of all or any part of the Standards or 
other Confidential Information. Franchisee will adopt and implement all procedures Franchisor may 
periodically require in Franchisor’s sole discretion to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Confidential Information, including without limitation use of non-disclosure and non-competition 
provisions in agreements with employees, agents, and independent contractors who have access to the 
Standards and other Confidential Information. Franchisee agrees that the existence of any Claims it may 
have against Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall not 
constitute a defense to the enforcement by Franchisor of the covenants in this Section. Franchisee further 
acknowledges that any violation of the terms of this Section would result in irreparable injury to Franchisor 
or its Affiliates for which no adequate remedy at law may be available, and Franchisee accordingly consents 
to the issuance of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by them in violation of the terms of this Section. 
Franchisee agrees to pay all costs and expenses (including legal fees and court costs) incurred by Franchisor 
or its Affiliates in connection with the enforcement of this Section, including all costs and expenses for 
obtaining specific performance, or an injunction against any violation, of the requirements of this Section. 
The restrictions in this Section shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
5.16 
The Site. Franchisee will own fee simple title (or long-term ground leasehold interest for 
a term equal to or greater than the Term) to the real property and improvements that comprise the Hotel and 
the Hotel Site, or alternatively, at Franchisor’s requirement cause the fee simple owner, or other third party 
acceptable to the Franchisor to provide its guaranty covering all of the Franchisee’s obligations under this 
Agreement in form and substance acceptable to Franchisor. 
5.17 
Legal Possession. Franchisee shall maintain legal possession and control of the Hotel and 
the Site for the Term. Franchisee must promptly deliver to Franchisor a copy of any notice of default 
Franchisee receives from any mortgagee, trustee under any deed of trust, or ground lessor for the Hotel, 
and must provide any additional information Franchisor may require regarding any alleged default. 
5.18 
Timeshares. Franchisee, Franchisee’s officers, directors, general partners or owners of 25% 
or more of Franchisee’s Equity Interests may not directly or indirectly conduct or permit the marketing or sale 
of timeshares, vacation ownership, vacation club, residence club, fractional ownership, condominiums, 
apartment leasing or rental business, or like schemes at, or adjacent to, the Hotel or for any facility or business 
that shares directly or indirectly, common areas, amenities, recreation facilities, services, supplies or support 
activities with the Hotel without Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
5.19 
Advertising Programs. Franchisee must participate in all advertising programs as 
Franchisor may require from time to time, as more fully set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement. Franchisee 
must also participate in any friends, family and/or employee rate and availability programs as required by 
Franchisor in its discretion. Franchisee will undertake local advertising, marketing, promotional, sales and 
public relations programs and activities for the Hotel, including preparing and using any Marketing 
Materials, in accordance with the Standards. 
