29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
16.3.2 If this Agreement is terminated after the Opening Date but prior to the completion 
of the Hotel’s first (1st) Operating Year, the Termination Fee will be equal to the average monthly Royalty 
Fee payable in regard to the Hotel during the period from the Opening Date until the date of termination 
multiplied by 60 (the equivalent of 5 Operating Years). 
16.3.3 If the Agreement is terminated after the first (1st) Operating Year but with more 
than five (5) Operating Years remaining in the Term, the Termination Fee will be equal to the Royalty Fees 
payable in regard to the Hotel during the twelve (12) full calendar months immediately preceding the date 
of termination multiplied by five (5). 
16.3.4 If the Agreement is terminated with less than five (5) Operating Years remaining 
in the Term, the Termination Fee will be equal to the average daily Royalty Fee payable in regard to the 
Hotel during the twelve (12) full calendar months immediately preceding the date of termination multiplied 
by the number of calendar days left in the Term. 
16.4 
Ability to Seek Actual Damages and Attorneys’ Fees. 
16.4.1 If payment of the Termination Fee is not enforceable (whether partially or 
entirely), Franchisor may seek actual damages, with the appropriate measure being the total amount that 
would have been paid to Franchisor for the remainder of the Term discounted to present value. 
16.4.2 In addition to the Termination Fee, Franchisor may recover attorneys’ fees, court 
and other costs incurred in enforcing any provision of this Agreement, including in collecting any sums 
plus interest on all amounts due under Section 16.3, in addition to any equitable remedies available under 
Law.  
16.4.3 Franchisee agree that the Termination Fee calculated under Section 16.3 represents 
the best estimate of Brand Damages arising from any termination of this Agreement before the Term 
expires. The Termination Fee is not a penalty but, a reasonable estimate of fair compensation for the Brand 
Damages Franchisor will incur because this Agreement did not continue for the Term’s full length. 
Franchisee acknowledge that Franchisee’s payment of the Termination Fee is compensation only for the 
Brand Damages and is in addition to Franchisee’s obligation to comply strictly with Franchisee’s post-
termination obligations.  
16.5 
Survival. Covenants, obligations, and agreements that by their terms or by implication are 
to be performed after the termination or expiration of the Term shall survive termination or expiration of 
this Agreement. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
17.1 
Indemnification by Franchisee. Independent of and in addition to Franchisee’s obligation 
to procure and maintain insurance, Franchisee will indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless to the 
fullest extent permitted by law Franchisor and each of Franchisor’s Affiliates (and each of their past, 
present, or future directors, officers, servants, employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, 
subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling parties, entities under common control, ownership or management, 
vendors, service providers, agents, attorneys or representatives, past or present) (collectively, the 
“Indemnitees”) against any demand, inquiry (formal or informal), investigation, action, suit, Claim or 
charge asserted, including in any judicial, arbitration, mediation, alternative dispute resolution, 
administrative, debtor or creditor proceeding, bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar proceeding, losses, costs 
(including legal or attorneys’ fees, litigation costs, investigation fees and costs,  and settlement payments), 
