34
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
provide us with all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we require relating to the 
Hotel’s page(s) and must promptly notify us whenever that information or material is no longer accurate.  
We will have the final decision on all content appearing on the ESA Website, including the Hotel’s page(s). 
We may implement and periodically modify Standards for the ESA Website, provide support services to 
develop or maintain the ESA Website and/or its content, and discontinue the ESA Website and/or any of 
its content (including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time if we conclude that 
doing so is in the best interests of the System or that System Services Fees would be better spent on other 
services (FA, Section 8.3). 
In association with the ESA Website, we (or our affiliate) also maintain a mobile application which 
facilitates the booking process for Brand Hotels (and, if implemented at our or our affiliate’s option, 
Network Hotels) (the “App”). We may include your Hotel on the App.  We can add functionalities to the 
APP including pre-stay, in-stay, and post-stay technical services such as early check-in, maintenance 
requests, and folio retrieval, to the App.   
Advertising 
We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in any Territory we may grant you. 
Local Advertising 
You must participate in and use, in the manner that we specify, Marketing Materials that we may 
periodically require for the Hotel. All advertising (including our requirements as to the use, display, style 
and type of Marketing Materials) must be conducted in compliance with the Standards and applicable laws. 
In this context, “Marketing Materials” means all advertising, marketing, promotional, sales and public 
relations campaigns, press releases, materials, campaigns, plans, programs, brochures, and other 
information to be released or made accessible to the public, in any other form of media (FA, Sections 5.11, 
8.2).  
Subject to our requirements and at your expense, you may conduct local and regional marketing, advertising 
and promotional programs for the Hotel.  If you would like to create Marketing Materials, you must submit 
to us (in hard copy by mail, or by digital, electronic or other computerized form), for our prior approval, 
samples of all Marketing Materials that you wish to use that reference any of the Marks, including any 
materials and uses of the Marks in digital, electronic, computerized, or other form. If you do not receive 
our express written approval within 10 business days after we receive the proposed Marketing Materials, 
the Marketing Materials will be deemed to be disapproved (FA, Sections 5.11, 8.2). All Marketing Materials 
are subject to the Standards. 
System Services Fees 
You must pay us a System Services Fee of 4.5% of Gross Room Revenue. Other franchisees may contribute 
different amounts depending on when they came into the System. We use different types of digital and 
email marketing to promote the Brand and System.  These digital and email marketing efforts are performed 
by us and funded through the System Services Fee.  Because marketing the Brand and System in a 
consistent manner across digital and email platforms is essential, we currently do not allow franchisees to 
engage in any digital or email marketing of any kind.  We may engage in any marketing efforts we see fit, 
including joint marketing efforts with hotels operated by us or others under different brands and hotels 
operating under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES brand. or the EXTENDED STAY 
AMERICA SELECT SUITES brand. We pool System Services Fee contributions from EXTENDED 
STAY AMERICA SUITES hotels together with the System Services Fee contributions from hotels 
