4 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
pursuant to this HTA.  
 
3.3 
Franchisee shall not remove or obscure any copyright, trademark or confidentiality notices 
or marks affixed to any of the Technology Services or the System provided pursuant to this HTA.  No ESA 
Entity shall be liable to Franchisee or any third party in the event Franchisee has removed or attempted to 
modify or breach any copyright, trademark or confidentiality notices or marks affixed to any of the 
Software. No ESA Entity shall be liable in connection with any claim of infringement of intellectual 
property rights, including, but not limited to, copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, service marks, trade 
names, trade dress, logos, artist rights, droit moral, privacy, publicity or rights under other intellectual 
property laws (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”) if Franchisee has modified any of the 
Software provided pursuant to this Agreement, combined any such Software or related material with or into 
any other programs, data, devices, components or applications and such infringement would not have 
occurred without such modification or combination.  Further, no ESA Entity shall have any liability 
hereunder if such liability arose or was incurred in whole or in part because of any access, use, copying, 
distribution, modification or other exploitation of any of the Software beyond the scope permitted under 
this Agreement. 
 
3.4 
Franchisee acknowledges that the Technology Services and the System are subject to 
certain Intellectual Property Rights owned or held by ESA Entities and that the information contained 
therein is proprietary to the ESA Entities.  Franchisee agrees not to reproduce, nor duplicate, nor reuse, in 
whole or in part, any of the System, or the documentation or materials comprising the System in any manner 
(whether directly, or in creating a new use or otherwise) without the prior written consent of ESA.  This 
prohibition against reproduction also applies to the duplication and/or transmission of any related materials 
supplied by ESA. 
 
3.5 
If Franchisee receives notice of a claimed copyright infringement or any other Intellectual 
Property Right infringement, Franchisee shall promptly submit a notification (in accordance with Title, 17, 
United States Code, Section 512(c)(3)) to the following Designated Agent (or any other individual 
hereinafter designated by ESA): 
 
Service Provider(s):  ESA Management, LLC 
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: General Counsel 
Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent:  13024 Ballantyne 
Corporate Place, Suite 1000, Charlotte, NC 28277 
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: 980-345-1600 
Email Address of Designated Agent:  legal@extendedstay.com 
 
If Franchisee has not received a notice of an Intellectual Property Right infringement but believes 
that Franchisee’s data or other files accessed, used, saved, stored or backed-up on the Information 
System infringes any Intellectual Property Rights, Franchisee shall promptly notify the Designated 
Agent listed above.   
 
4. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
 
4.1 
Franchisee shall maintain the confidential nature of the information contained in the 
Technology Services and the System, which are provided for its use at the Hotel as further provided in this 
HTA.  Franchisee agrees not to provide or otherwise make available such information or the System to any 
person or entity other than Franchisee’s selected employees at the Hotel without prior written consent of 
