2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
1.1 
Reservation of Rights. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement, without any 
restriction or obligation to Franchisee: 
1.1.1 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may themselves, and otherwise allow any third 
party to, open to the public for business (i) Brand Hotels outside the Territory; (ii) Network Hotels that 
operate under brands different from the Brand at any location, inside or outside the Territory, and, in either 
event, regardless of the impact on Brand Hotels in the Territory; and/or (iii) non-Network Hotels that 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may operate at any location inside or outside the Territory, in either event 
regardless of the impact on Brand Hotels in the Territory. 
1.1.2 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may conduct development activities which include 
owning, acquiring, leasing, constructing or renovating a Brand Hotel inside the Territory during the Term 
and may also franchise, license or otherwise permit third parties to do the same; provided, however, the 
Brand Hotel may not be opened during the Term.  
1.1.3 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may market and advertise for Brand Hotels or 
Network Hotels inside or outside the Territory.   
1.1.4 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates reserves the right (i) to acquire or be acquired by 
(whether through purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, or other transaction) another chain, franchise 
system, group or portfolio of hotels, and/or (ii) to operate or manage another chain, franchise system, group 
or portfolio of hotels (each, a “Chain Acquisition”).  
1.2 
Existing Hotels. The territorial protection set forth in this Section 1 to the Agreement does 
not apply to any Brand Hotels operating in Franchisee’s Territory as of the effective date of the Agreement, 
which Franchisor may renew, relicense, allow to expand, or replace, in its sole discretion.  Additionally, 
Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s Affiliates may at any time remove from the System one or more Brand 
Hotels located in the Territory as of the Effective Date of the Agreement and replace the removed Brand 
Hotel with a new Brand Hotel.  
1.3 
Other Business Interests. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and its Affiliates have 
and may have business interests other than the operation of the Brand and that they, in their sole discretion, 
may identify, define, and act upon such interests in the manner they deem appropriate. Franchisee further 
acknowledges that business decisions made by Franchisor and its Affiliates may impact Franchisee and 
agrees that Franchisor and its Affiliates have no express obligation or implied duty to protect Franchisee 
from the consequences of such business decisions and expressly waives any right to assert any Claim against 
Franchisor or its affiliates based on the existence, actual or arguable, of any such obligation or duty, 
including Claims for unfair competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing, or divided loyalty. The covenants in this Section are mutually dependent; if 
Franchisee breaches this Section, Franchisee’s Territory will be the Site only. 
2. 
TERM 
The Term of this Agreement is set forth in Item 7 of Exhibit A. This Agreement expires, without notice 
from the Franchisor, at midnight Hotel-time on the last day of the Term. Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that it does not have any right to renew or extend the Term of this Agreement. 
