26 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
 
e. FreedomPay:  FreedomPay will be the supplier of hardware and remote support to ensure 
credit card terminal configured correctly and working on day of cutover. 
 
i. Hardware:   The following hardware must be procured from FreedomPay by 
franchisee and shipped to the property for deployment: 
 
1. Two (2) Ingenico Lane3000s 
2. Two (2) EMV mounts 
 
ii. Pre-Installation Services:  The following pre-installation will be performed prior 
to shipment and deployment: 
 
1. Ingenico Lane 3000s: 
a. Two (2) Ingenico Lane3000s will be injected with MIDs and IP 
addresses configured and ready to use immediately 
2. Pre-Deployment Services 
a. Documentation will be provided for Equipment Instructions to 
instruct property staff how to use the devices and basic 
troubleshooting 
 
iii. Installation Services:  Installation will be the responsibility of the property staff. 
 
iv. Warehousing, Shipping, & Handling Services:  All shipping costs will be added 
to the hardware invoices. 
 
4. Franchisee Responsibilities: Franchisee agrees to the following Franchisee responsibilities in relation 
to the Vendor Services: 
a. Franchisee will provide proposed building blueprints to ESA, including but not limited to IT 
room, pathways, electrical, ceiling heights, ceiling types, back office location, as requested by 
ESA. 
b. Franchisee will provide ESA with updated construction schedules for Hotel as requested by 
ESA. 
c. Franchisee will be responsible for any lodging costs associated with the Vendor technicians. 
d. Franchisee will provide reasonable access to required areas during the installation, and 
troubleshooting of services by Vendors. 
e. Franchisee will provide an escort (preferably the Project Manager or Construction Supervisor 
for the Site) for Vendor technicians and engineers as required for the successful completion of 
the installation and troubleshooting procedures for each Vendor.  Franchisee will be 
responsible for compensating the escort. 
f. Franchisee will procure all hardware and software required by the Brand Standards that is not 
being procured by Franchisor on its behalf.   
g. Ensure the physical security of all hardware is adequate to prevent damage to or the theft of the 
hardware. 
h. Ensure compliance with all ESA IT security standards 
i. 
Ensure the environmental conditions (heating, cooling, humidity, etc.) of the room or rooms 
containing hardware are sufficient to protect the hardware from damage related to 
environmental factors. 
 
 
