 
3 
2025 ESA Suites Development Agreement 
to this Agreement shall be established and operated only in strict accordance with a separate 
Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
FORMS OF AGREEMENT 
Franchisee acknowledges that over time Franchisor has entered and will continue to enter into agreements with 
other Franchisees and franchisees that may contain provisions, conditions and obligation that differ from those 
contained in this Agreement.  The existence of different forms of agreement and the fact that Franchisor and 
other Franchisees and franchisees may have different rights and obligations does not affect the duties of the 
parties to this Agreement to comply with the terms of this Agreement. 
3. 
TERM 
This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and, terminates on the first to occur of:  (1) the date that the 
last franchised Hotel required by the Development Schedule in attached Exhibit A is opened for business 
pursuant to a Franchise Agreement; (2) the date that the last franchised Hotel was required to be opened 
pursuant to the Development Schedule; (3) this Agreement is otherwise terminated for breach of this 
Agreement, which is not cured pursuant to the cure rights set forth in this Agreement; or (4) Franchisee fails 
to meet the Development Schedule set forth in the attached Exhibit A to this Agreement.  There is no renewal 
term for this Agreement.   
4. 
DEVELOPMENT FEE  
Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee must pay Franchisor a development fee in an amount equal to 
[amount] Thousand Dollars ($________), representing Franchisor’s current Initial Franchise Fee ($50,000) 
multiplied by the minimum number of Brand Hotels to be developed pursuant to the Development Schedule 
(the “Development Fee”).  The Development Fee is in consideration for the development opportunities granted 
in this Agreement.  The total amount of the Development Fee paid by Franchisee is set forth in Exhibit A.  
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, the Development Fee will be credited to each franchises’ 
Initial Franchise Fee in the amount of $50,000.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Development 
Fee is fully earned by Franchisor when paid and is not refundable under any circumstances.  Unless otherwise 
set forth in this Agreement the Development Fee is not credited against any other fees to be paid to Franchisor.   
5. 
 FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
5.1 
Development Milestones.  During the Term, Franchisee shall develop, open and continuously 
operate in the Development Territory, the number of franchised Hotels specified in the 
Development Schedule in attached Exhibit A.  For each Hotel to be developed during the 
Development Term, Franchisee shall submit an Application for a Franchise Agreement for each 
Hotel to be developed pursuant to this Agreement.  The franchisee under each Franchise 
Agreement must be either Franchisee or an entity that Franchisee controls and is approved by 
Franchisor in its sole discretion.  Strict compliance with the Development Schedule is essential 
to this Agreement.   
Franchisee shall not commence any Hotel Work until the Franchisor has issued its written 
consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion with respect to Plans and Designs as set forth in the 
Standards. Before Franchisor can approve Franchisee’s Plans and Designs, Franchisee’s 
architect or other certified professional must certify to Franchisor that the Plans and Designs 
comply with all Laws related to accessibility and accommodations and facilities for those with 
disabilities. Franchisee is solely responsible for ensuring that the Plans and Designs comply 
with all of the Standards, and all applicable Laws, codes, and/or other state of locally adopted 
