42
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
during the Term of your Franchise Agreement is governed by the restrictions on Proprietary Information 
discussed immediately below. 
As described in the Franchise Agreement, if we require, you must immediately modify or discontinue using 
copyrighted materials. We will have no obligation to reimburse you for any expenditure you make because 
of any discontinuance or modification.  
There are no currently effective determinations of the USPTO, Copyright Office, or any court concerning 
any copyrights. There are no currently effective agreements from which we derive our rights in the 
copyrights that could limit your use of them. The Franchise Agreement does not obligate us to protect any 
of the rights that you have to use any copyrights or impose any other obligation upon us concerning 
copyrights. The Franchise Agreement requires you to notify us of claims by others of rights to, or 
infringements of, our copyrighted materials.  
We are not aware of any infringements that could materially affect your use of any copyright. 
Confidential and Proprietary Information 
You may not copy or disclose to any unauthorized party any Confidential Information without our prior 
written consent. You may use Confidential Information only for purposes of operating the Hotel. You may 
disclose Confidential Information only to those parties that require access to it in order to operate the Hotel, 
and only after you have secured their written agreement to abide by the same safeguards for confidentiality 
that we impose. “Confidential Information” means (i) the Standards, System, Network and Website, (ii) 
documents, proprietary information, or trade secrets approved for the System or used in site selection, 
design, construction, renovation or operation of the Hotel, (iii) any marketing, reservations, quality 
assurance, guest loyalty and satisfaction, training, technology or other systems or programs developed for 
the System; (iv) knowledge of specifications for and suppliers of Supplies,  and other products and supplies 
that are identified with Brand Hotels and/or other Network Hotels; (v) Data, Guest Data and other 
information contained in or relating to or arising from the Reservation Service; (vi) any other knowledge, 
trade secrets, business information or know-how obtained or generated through your  use of the System  or  
operation of the Hotel that we deem confidential or under any Other Agreements. 
Further, and subject to applicable laws, we own all Data and Guest Data. You will have the non-exclusive 
right to use Data and Guest Data if its use is lawful and in connection with operating the Hotel as a Brand 
Hotel. “Data” means all non-public information used or generated in the operation of your Hotel, including 
Operating Revenue, Gross Room Revenue, Guestroom occupancy rates, reservation data and other 
information required by us that we determine may be useful in connection with our marketing, reservations, 
guest loyalty and satisfaction and other functions, purposes or requirements. “Guest Data” means 
information collected from and about current and prospective Hotel guests, including: (i) their personally 
identifiable information (such as their name, birthdate mailing addresses, phone numbers, and email 
addresses); (ii) information about their consumer preferences, (iii) stay and aggregated information; and 
(iv) other similar or related information. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE  
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
Either you or a Management Company must manage the Hotel, in either case subject to our approval. 
Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its approval so long as the Management Company or Franchisee 
(as applicable) (i) meets Franchisor’s minimum qualifications, (ii) possesses the managerial skills or 
operational capacity required to operate the Hotel in accordance with the Standards and this Agreement, (iii) 
