I-10 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
after that officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the company or 
partnership. 
 
4. 
The following is added to the end of Item 5: 
 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as such in 
our discretion. 
 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval 
of transfer: 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of 
action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law 
of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it 
being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law 
Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied. 
 
6. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), entitled 
Termination by franchisee: 
 
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
 
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), entitled 
Assignment of contract by franchisor: 
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee that in good faith and judgment 
of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s obligations 
under the Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement. 
8. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), entitled Choice 
of forum, and Item 17(w), entitled Choice of law: 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon 
the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the 
State of New York. 
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of North Dakota: 
 
1. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval 
of transfer: 
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or assignment/transfer 
will not apply to the extent prohibited by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
