39
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Reserved Rights 
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory to you, we and our affiliates  may own, 
operate, lease, manage, franchise, license or otherwise allow any person to operate (i) Brand Hotels outside 
the Territory; (ii) Network Hotels that operate under different brands  at any location, inside or outside the 
Territory; and/or (iii) non-Network Hotels that we or our affiliates may operate, at any location inside or 
outside the Territory. Additionally, we and our affiliates may own, acquire, lease, construct or renovate a 
Brand Hotel inside the Territory and may also franchise, license or otherwise permit third parties to do the 
same.  However, during the Term, we will not, and will not authorize any other party to, open to the public 
for business any Brand Hotel within the Territory. Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a 
Development Territory to you, we and our affiliates may market and advertise for Brand Hotels and 
Network Hotels inside or outside the Territory. In addition, we and/or our affiliates reserve the right (a) to 
acquire or be acquired by (whether through purchase, sale, merger, consolidation or other transaction) 
another chain, franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels, and/or (b) to operate or manage another chain, 
franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels. 
In addition, and notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory to you, there may be 
Brand Hotels operating in your Territory as of the effective date of your Franchise Agreement or 
Development Agreement that will continue operating in the Territory or Development Territory and that 
we may renew, relicense, allow to expand, or replace. Additionally, we and our affiliates may remove from 
the System at any time one or more Brand Hotels located in the Territory or Development Territory as of 
the effective date of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement and replace the removed Brand 
Hotel with a new Brand Hotel that may contain more rooms than the Brand Hotel it is replacing. 
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory, we may operate, lease, manage, or 
license any other party to operate a Brand Hotel in the Territory or the Development Territory beginning 6 
months before the expiration of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement, or as of the date 
that a date for the premature termination of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement has been 
confirmed in writing by us.   
 
Other Distribution Channels 
There are no restrictions on us or our affiliates from soliciting or accepting reservations from guests inside 
your Territory or Development Territory, as applicable.  For example, we reserve the right to use other 
channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing sales, 
to solicit and obtain reservations from guests who may be located in your Territory or Development 
Territory using the Brand or other brands.  We do not pay you any compensation for these reservations.     
Operating Other Brands 
As disclosed in Item 1 we are also granting franchises under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER 
SUITES brand and the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT SUITES brand and our related entities 
are offering hotel franchises under the Yotel brand.  Furthermore, an affiliate/related party of ours could 
possibly offer hotel franchises in the future under the Field & Stream brand. These hotels may also be 
operated by us, an affiliate or franchisees.  You may compete with these hotels for business and as discussed 
above there may be, now or in the future, franchised, managed or company owned hotels operated under 
these brands in your market area including in your Territory or Development Territory.  Any conflicts 
between you and us regarding territory, customers and our support will be resolved under the Franchise 
Agreement.  We have no procedure for resolving conflicts between you and franchisees of these other 
brands.  However, any resolution of any conflicts regarding territory, customers or support services will be 
entirely within our discretion.  The EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES franchises and the 
