 
10 
2025 ESA Suites Development Agreement 
standard form of development agreement for a term ending on the expiration date of 
this Agreement.  In either event, a guarantee of the type required by Section 6.2 shall 
be executed by those individuals identified as the Guarantors.  In addition, Franchisee, 
the proposed transferor and the proposed transferee shall sign all other documents and 
take such actions as Franchisor may require to protect Franchisor’s rights under this 
Agreement. 
9.3.5 
The transferor shall remain liable for all obligations to Franchisor incurred before the 
date of the Transfer and shall execute any and all instruments reasonably requested by 
Franchisor to evidence that liability. 
9.4 
Consent to Transfer.  Franchisor’s consent to a transfer will not constitute a waiver of any 
Claims it may have against Franchisee or a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand exact 
compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement.   
9.5 
Ownership of Franchisee.  Franchisee may not transfer a controlling interest in Franchisee 
without Franchisor’s prior written consent, which Franchisor may withhold or condition in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
9.6 
Permitted Transfers without approval.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 9.1 
through 9.4, Franchisor agrees that certain Transfers shall be permitted without Franchisor’s 
prior written consent, provided all of the following conditions are satisfied. 
9.6.1 
The Transfer is a transfer  (a) of an ownership interest in Franchisee of 20% or less, 
provided that after the Transfer the principal owners of Franchisee own at least 66% 
of all ownership interests in Franchisee, or (b) to a parent, sibling, spouse, children of 
Franchisee following the death or permanent incapacity of the ownership interests in 
Franchisee. 
9.6.2 
Franchisee provides Franchisor written notice of its intent to undertake the Transfer 
at least 30 days prior to the effective date of the Transfer, together with documents 
demonstrating that the Transfer meets the requirements of this Section 9.6. 
9.6.3 
In connection with the Transfer, Franchisee and all persons who will have an 
ownership interest in Franchisee after the Transfer fully comply with the requirements 
of Section 9.3 of this Agreement. 
10. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
Independent of and in addition to Franchisee’s obligation to procure and maintain insurance, Franchisee will 
indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law Franchisor and each of 
Franchisor’s Affiliates (and each of their past, present, or future directors, officers, servants, employees, 
incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling parties, entities under 
common control, ownership or management, vendors, service providers, agents, attorneys or representatives, 
past or present) (collectively, the “Indemnitees”) against any demand, inquiry (formal or informal), 
investigation, action, suit, Claim or charge asserted, including in any judicial, arbitration, mediation, alternative 
dispute resolution, administrative, debtor or creditor proceeding, bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar 
proceeding, losses, costs (including legal or attorneys’ fees, litigation costs, investigation fees and costs,  and 
settlement payments), liabilities (including employment liabilities, bodily injury, death, property damage and 
loss, personal injury and mental injury), fines, penalties, interest, and damages of every kind and description, 
including allegations of negligence by such Persons (or anyone associated or affiliated with Franchisee or the 
