I-7 
ESA-EX I (2025)
6.
Item 17 “summary columns” for (v) and (w) of the Franchise Disclosure Document are 
amended to include the following: 
 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be 
conducted outside Minnesota or requiring waiver of a jury trial.  In addition, nothing in this 
Disclosure Document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for 
by the laws of the jurisdiction, or to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties, or 
judgment notes; provided that this part shall not bar an exclusive arbitration clause, pursuant to 
Minn. Rule 2860.4400J.  
 
7. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to include the following 
paragraph after the table: 
 
Pursuant to Minn. Rule 2860.4400D, any General Release required as a condition of renewal, sale 
and/or transfer does not apply to any liability under the Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
8. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended by adding the following 
paragraph after the table: 
 
In the State of Minnesota, (a) no person may terminate or cancel a franchise without good cause and 
without first having given written notice setting forth all the reasons for such termination or cancellation 
to the Franchisee at least 90 days in advance of such termination or cancellation, and the recipient of the 
notice fails to correct the reasons stated for termination or cancellation in the notice within 60 days of 
receipt of the notice; except that the notice shall be effective immediately upon receipt where the alleged 
grounds are: 
 
 
(1) 
Voluntary abandonment of the franchise relationship by the Franchisee; or 
 
 
(2) 
The conviction of the Franchisee in a court of competent jurisdiction of an offense directly related 
to the business conducted pursuant to the franchise; or 
 
 
(3) 
Failure to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs a goodwill 
associated with the Franchisor's tradename, trademark, service mark, logo type or other 
commercial symbol after the Franchisee has received written notice to cure at least twenty-four 
hours in advance thereof. 
 
Franchisor shall give Franchisee 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
No person may terminate or cancel a franchise except for good cause. “Good cause” means failure by the 
franchisee to substantially comply with the material and reasonable franchise requirements imposed by 
the franchisor including, but not limited to: 
 
(1) 
the bankruptcy or insolvency of the franchisee; 
 
(2) 
assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar disposition of the assets of the franchise 
business; 
 
(3) 
voluntary abandonment of the franchise business; 
 
