38
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Franchise Agreement
We grant you the right to use the System to provide extended stay and transient guest lodging services at 
the Hotel and the right to construct or convert and operate the Hotel as a Brand Hotel at an approved site. 
At the time we sign a Franchise Agreement with you we may also provide you with a Territory.  Whether 
we grant you a Territory and its size will generally depend upon your financial and operational capability 
to meet the extended stay demand within the market in which you will operate. If we grant you a Territory, 
and subject to the rights we reserve as discussed below, during the Term of your Franchise Agreement so 
long as you are not in default under your Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or any of 
our affiliates, we and our affiliates will not, and we will not grant a third party the right to, open to the 
public for business a Brand Hotel under the Brand that is physically located in the Territory.  This right 
applies only to the Brand.  The Brand does not include other marks we or our affiliates may own or license.  
For example, it does not prohibit us from opening, operating, managing or granting a third party the right 
to open, operate or manage hotels in the Territory that use a portion of the Brand either alone or with a 
modifier or other designation, such as EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES or 
EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT SUITES.   
 
Although there are no restrictions placed upon you from soliciting or accepting guests from consumers 
inside another franchisee’s territory you do not have the right to use the Internet or any other social media 
platform to advertise or market your Hotel without our consent.  But you can use other channels of 
distribution like catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing. 
 
Development Agreement 
If we enter into a Development Agreement with you, we will grant you a Development Territory.  The 
size of your Development Territory will be based upon your financial and operational capability as well 
as the demand within the market area you are considering.  We will also negotiate with you the number 
of Hotels to be opened and operating in the Development Territory.  We will base this number on what 
we deem to be the extended stay demand in the market area.  Subject to the rights we reserve as discussed 
below, during the Term of the Development Agreement, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate, nor will we allow any other party to open and operate, any Brand Hotel under the Brand that is 
physically located in your Development Territory until the last date specified in the Development 
Agreement, so long as you continue to meet the development milestones  in the Development Agreement. 
This right applies only to the Brand.  The Brand does not include other marks we or our affiliates may own 
or license.  For example, it does not prohibit us from opening, operating, managing or granting a third party 
the right to open, operate or manage hotels in the Development Territory that use a portion of the Brand 
either alone or with a modifier, such as EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES or 
EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT SUITES.   
Relocation of Hotel 
You do not have the right to relocate the Site. 
Establishment of Additional Outlets 
The Franchise Agreement grants you a non-exclusive right to establish one Brand Hotel. If you enter into 
a Development Agreement with us, we will offer you the right to operate multiple Brand Hotels. You do 
not receive any option, first refusal right or similar right under the Franchise Agreement or Development 
Agreement to establish additional Brand Hotels. 
 
