51
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement
(References to the 
Development 
Agreement are in 
italics) (References to 
the Hotel Technology 
Agreement are in 
parentheses)  
Summary 
v. Choice of forum
Section 
19.2, 
19,3, 
19.5, 19.7;  
 
Section 
12.2, 
12.3, 
12.5, 12.7 
 
(Section 9.7)
In any dispute, you waive the right to a jury trial.  
Arbitration proceedings will be conducted at our 
headquarters in North Carolina (currently Charlotte, 
NC).  You consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction 
of the courts of North Carolina for disputes not 
subject to arbitration.*   
w. Choice of law
Section 19.1; 
Section 12.1 
(Section 9.7)
North Carolina law applies, subject to state law.*
*See Exhibit I, State Addenda to Disclosure Document, Riders to Franchise Agreement, and State Riders 
to Development Agreement. 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential financial 
performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the 
information, and if the information is included in the Franchise Disclosure Document. Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor 
provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements 
the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance 
at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
A. 
Statement of Average and Median Occupancy, ADR, RevPAR and EsOcc 
The tables in this Section A provide information on the average and median Occupancy, ADR, RevPAR, 
and EsOcc for three different sets of hotels operated under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES 
mark during the entire 12-month period ended December 31, 2024.  
 
