16 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(a)
Operating Contracts.  To Seller’s Knowledge, all material Operating 
Contracts and Equipment Leases (and any amendments or modifications thereof) affecting the 
Hotel are set forth on Schedule 3.2(a) and 3.2(b), respectively, attached hereto and the same have 
not been modified or amended, except as shown in such documents.  To Seller’s Knowledge, Seller 
has delivered or made available, or promptly following the date hereof shall deliver or make 
available, to Buyer true and complete copies of all such written Operating Contracts and 
Equipment Leases in its possession. 
(b) 
Employees. 
(i) 
Seller does not have any employees employed at the Hotel.   
(ii) 
Neither Seller, nor to Seller's Knowledge, Manager are parties to 
any collective bargaining agreement or other contract or agreement with any labor 
organization with respect to Employees. 
(c)
Space Leases.  To Seller’s Knowledge: Schedule 3.2(c) sets forth a correct 
and complete list of the material space leases for the Hotel as of the date hereof (the “Space 
Leases”).  Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2(c), as of the date hereof, to Seller’s Knowledge (i) all 
such Leases are in full force and effect, and (ii) Seller has not given or received any written notice 
of any material breach or default under any of the Leases that has not been cured. 
(d) 
Condemnation.  As of the date hereof, Seller has not received written notice 
of any condemnation or similar proceedings affecting the Assets, and to Seller’s Knowledge, no 
such action has been threatened in writing. 
(e)
Litigation.  To Seller’s Knowledge, except as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(e) 
attached hereto, as of the date hereof, there are no actions, suits or proceedings filed and pending 
against or affecting the Assets in any court or before or by an arbitration tribunal or regulatory 
commission, department or agency which are not covered by insurance and which would 
materially and adversely affect the ability of Seller to perform its obligations hereunder, and to 
Seller’s Knowledge, no such actions, suits or proceedings have been threatened in writing. 
(f)
Environmental Matters.  To Seller’s Knowledge, as of the date hereof, 
Seller has not received any written notice from any governmental or regulatory authority of any 
violation of applicable Environmental Laws with respect to the Hotel, which has not been 
corrected.  For the purposes of this section, “Environmental Laws” means any and all federal, state, 
county and local statutes, laws, regulations and rules in effect on the date of this Agreement relating 
to the protection of the environment or to the use, transportation and disposal of Hazardous 
Materials. 
SECTION 1.8
Amendments to Schedules and Limitations on 
Representations and Warranties of Seller.   
(a)
Amendments to Schedules.  Seller shall have the right to amend and 
supplement the representations, warranties and schedules to this Agreement from time to time prior 
to the Closing by providing a written copy of such amendment or supplement to Buyer; provided, 
however, that any such amendment or supplement provided to Buyer after the expiration of the 
