57
 
 
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
The following Notes will clarify the information presented above.  
NOTE 1: 
“Occupancy” means the total number of rooms sold in a given period divided by the total 
number of rooms available during that period. 
NOTE 2: 
“ADR” means hotel room revenues divided by total number of rooms sold in a given period. 
NOTE 3: 
“RevPAR” means the product of average daily room rate charged times the average daily 
occupancy achieved for a hotel or group of hotels in a given period. RevPAR does not include 
ancillary revenues, such as food and beverage revenues, or parking, pet, telephone or other 
guest service revenues. 
NOTE 4: 
“EsOcc” means the total number of rooms occupied by guests staying seven or more 
consecutive nights in a given period divided by the total number of rooms available during the 
period. 
NOTE 5: 
Includes calls to property forwarded to and booked by the Call Center. 
NOTE 6: 
“Length of Stay” means total number of consumed room nights for a guest stay.  
The percentages in the tables above were rounded to the nearest tenth and the dollar amounts were 
rounded to the nearest cent. 
Some Hotels have sold and earned this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no 
assurance that you’ll sell or earn as much. 
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made available to the prospective 
franchisee upon reasonable request. 
Other than as set forth above, we do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial 
performance or the past performance of our hotels. We also do not authorize our employees or 
representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing 
hotel, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that hotel.  If you receive any other financial 
performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it to our management by 
contacting the General Counsel at 13024 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Suite 1000, Charlotte, NC 28277 
telephone (980) 345-1600, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
