46 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 1.44
Application of Refunds or Savings.  Any refunds or 
savings in the payment of taxes resulting from such tax reduction proceedings 
applicable to taxes payable during the period prior to the date of the Closing shall 
belong to and be the property of Seller, and any refunds or savings in the payment 
of taxes applicable to taxes payable from and after the date of the Closing shall 
belong to and be the property of Buyer.  All attorneys’ fees and other expenses 
incurred in obtaining such refunds or savings shall be apportioned between Seller 
and Buyer in proportion to the gross amount of such refunds or savings payable to 
Seller and Buyer, respectively (without regard to any amounts reimbursable to 
tenants); provided, however, that neither Seller nor Buyer shall have any liability 
for any such fees or expenses in excess of the refunds or savings paid to such party 
unless such party initiated such proceeding. 
SECTION 1.45
Survival.  The provisions of this Article XIII shall 
survive the Closing without limitation.
MISCELLANEOUS
SECTION 1.46
Use of Extended Stay America Name.  Buyer hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that neither Buyer nor any affiliate, successor, assignee 
or designee of Buyer shall be entitled to use the name “Extended Stay America” or 
“ESA” in any way whatsoever except as permitted pursuant to Buyer’s New 
Franchise Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 14.1 shall survive the Closing 
or any termination of this Agreement without limitation. 
SECTION 1.47 
Exculpation of Seller.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Seller’s shareholders, partners, members, 
the partners or members of such partners, the shareholders of such partners, 
members, and the trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents and security 
holders of Seller and the partners or members of Seller assume no personal liability 
for any obligations entered into on behalf of Seller and its individual assets shall 
not be subject to any claims of any person relating to such obligations.  The 
foregoing shall govern any direct and indirect obligations of Seller under this 
Agreement.  The provisions of this Section 14.2 shall survive the Closing or any 
termination of this Agreement without limitation.
SECTION 1.48
Brokers.   
(a)
Seller’s Representations and Warranty. Seller represents and warrants to 
Buyer, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, that it has dealt with no broker, salesperson, 
finder or consultant with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby other 
than Broker.  Seller agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold Buyer harmless from and against 
all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements) and charges resulting from Seller’s breach of the foregoing representation in this 
Section 14.3(a).  Seller shall be responsible for the payment of any amounts due Broker.  The 
