ESA-EX K (2025)
5.
Covenants Not to Sue.  Releasor irrevocably covenants to refrain and cause each of its 
Constituents to refrain from asserting any Claim, or commencing, initiating or causing to be commenced, 
any proceeding of any kind against any Franchisor Released Party, based upon any matter purported to be 
released pursuant to this Release Agreement. 
 
6. 
Indemnity. Without in any way limiting any of the rights and remedies otherwise available 
to any Franchisor Released Party, Releasor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless each Franchisor 
Released Party from and against all Claims whether or not involving third party Claims, arising directly or 
indirectly from or in connection with (i) the assertion by or on behalf of Releasor or its Constituents of any 
Claim or other matter purported to be released pursuant to this Release Agreement, (ii) the assertion by any 
third party of any Claim against any Franchisor Released Party which Claim arises from, or in connection 
with, any Claim or other matter purported to be released pursuant to this Release Agreement; and (iii) any 
breach of representations, warranties or covenants by Releasor. 
 
7. 
Miscellaneous.   
a) This Release Agreement cannot be modified, altered or otherwise amended except by 
an agreement in writing signed by all of the parties hereto.   
b) This Release Agreement, together with the agreements referenced in this Release 
Agreement, constitute the entire understanding between and among the parties with 
respect to the subject matter of this Release Agreement.  This Release Agreement 
supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements, oral or written, with respect to its 
subject matter.  No representations, warranties, agreements or covenants have been 
made with respect to this Release Agreement, and in executing this Release 
Agreement, none of the parties is relying upon any representation, warranty, agreement 
or covenant not set forth in this Release Agreement. 
c) This Release Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument.   
d) This Release Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties 
to this Release Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.   
e) All terms used in any one number or gender shall extend to mean and include any other 
number and gender as the facts, context, or sense of this Release Agreement may 
require.  Neither this Release Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity in this 
Release Agreement shall be construed or resolved against the drafter, whether under 
any rule of construction or otherwise.  On the contrary, this Release Agreement has 
been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and interpreted according to the 
ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and 
intentions of the parties.  If any provision of this Release Agreement is susceptible to 
two or more constructions, one of which would render the provision enforceable and 
the other or others of which would render the provision unenforceable, then the 
provision shall be given the meaning that renders it enforceable. 
