44
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
reservations, any fees charged by these programs, and any award certificates (including, credit toward food 
purchases or internet or other items or amenities) issued to Hotel guests participating in these programs. 
You are responsible for setting your own room rates, and prices for other products and services at the Hotel, 
including determining any prices or rates that appear in the Reservation Service. We may, however: (i) 
prohibit certain types of charges or billing practices that we determine are misleading or detrimental to the 
System; (ii) require that you price consistently in all distribution channels; and (iii) impose other pricing 
requirements permitted by law.  You must honor any prices, rates or discounts that appear in the Reservation 
Service or elsewhere, honor all reservations made through the Reservation Service or that are confirmed 
and not charge any Hotel guest a rate higher than the rate specified for the Hotel guest’s reservation in the 
Reservation Service or, if not made through the Reservation Service, in the reservation confirmation.  You 
must also honor all pricing and terms for any other product or service offered in connection with the Hotel.  
You must also participate in any sales, guest or inventory management programs or promotions offered by 
us, including quality assurance and guest complaint resolution programs and referral programs.   
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists important provisions of the Franchise Agreement, Development Agreement, and Hotel 
Technology Agreement. You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this 
Disclosure Document.  
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement 
(References to the 
Development 
Agreement are in 
italics) (References to 
the Hotel Technology 
Agreement are in 
parentheses)  
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise 
term  
Section 2 and Exhibit 
A 
 
Section 3 
 
 
 
(Section 3.1) 
Generally, 20 years for new-build properties. 
The term depends on the number of Hotels to be 
developed under the Development Agreement.  It is 
typically between 2 and 6 years.   
(Initial 3-year term with automatic 1-year renewal 
periods, but ultimately coterminous with the 
Franchise Agreement.) 
b. Renewal or extension of 
the term 
None
 
None 
 
(None) 
No right to renew or extend. 
No right to renew or extend.  
(No right to renew or extend.)
c. Requirements for 
franchisee to renew or 
extend 
Not Applicable 
 
None 
 
(Not Applicable)
Not Applicable.
No right to renew or extend. 
(Not Applicable.)
