I-33 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting 
or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained in the 
franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
3. 
GRANT OF LICENSE.  The following language is deleted from the last paragraph of 
Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
and Franchisee acknowledges that there are no express or implied territorial rights or 
agreements between the parties except as stated in this Section. 
 
4. 
INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISEE.  The following language is added to the end 
of Section 17.1 of the Franchise Agreement: 
The Franchisee’s indemnification obligation does not extend to liabilities caused by 
Franchisor’s acts or omissions amounting to gross negligence, willful misconduct, strict 
liability, or fraud. 
 
 
5. 
NO RELIANCE.  Section 20.10.2 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement.  
 
6. 
BUSINESS RISK.  Section 20.10.3 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement.  
7. 
DISCLOSURE.  Section 20.10.4 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement. 
 
8. 
ADDITIONAL.  The following language is deleted from Section 20.10.7 of the Franchise 
Agreement: 
 
With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the franchise disclosure 
document for the Brand, Franchisee, on Franchisee’s own behalf and on behalf of, as 
applicable, Franchisee’s officers, directors, managers, employees, heirs, administrators, 
executors, agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns hereby 
release, remise, acquit and forever discharge Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates and 
Franchisor’s and Affiliates’ respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, 
representatives and their respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, 
causes of action, suits, rights, debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, 
promises, warranties, judgments, executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, 
whether known or unknown at this time, of any kind or nature, absolute or contingent, 
existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever that has 
happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship between 
Franchisor and Franchisee before the Effective Date of this Agreement. This release will 
survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
9. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by ESA, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of ESA. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
