34 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
Title Commitment and Buyer shall be deemed to have unconditionally waived any right to object 
to any matters set forth therein.  If Buyer timely delivers a Title Report Objection Notice, Seller 
shall have seven (7) days after receipt of such notice to notify Buyer (i) that Seller will attempt to 
remove or attempt to cause to be removed such objectionable exceptions from title on or before 
the Closing, in which case the provisions of Section 8.3(b) shall apply; or (ii) that Seller elects not 
to cause such exceptions to be removed at which time Buyer may elect, prior to the end of the Due 
Diligence Period, to either (x) accept the Title in its current condition, in which case such 
exceptions shall be deemed to be Permitted Exceptions, or (y) terminate this Agreement in which 
event the Deposit shall be promptly delivered to Seller and the parties shall have no further 
obligations to each other except for those that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement.  
Nothing in this Section shall require Seller, despite any election by Seller to attempt to discharge 
any title exceptions, to take or bring any action or proceeding or any other steps to remove any 
title exception or to expend any moneys therefor, other than with respect to the Post Effective Date 
Monetary Encumbrances and Post Effective Date Seller Encumbrances (as hereinafter defined) 
pursuant to Section 8.3 of this Agreement.   
(b) 
Updates. If the Title Commitment is updated after the date hereof (an 
“Updated Title Commitment”) and matters are shown on the Updated Title Commitment that are 
not shown on the Title Commitment and that do not constitute Permitted Exceptions, then Buyer 
shall have until not later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the date that is three (3) Business Days 
after its receipt of the Updated Title Commitment to notify Seller’s attorney in writing (the 
“Updated Title Commitment Objection Notice”) as to Buyer's objection to any such matters. 
Buyer’s failure to deliver the Updated Title Commitment Objection Notice on or prior to 5:00 p.m. 
Eastern Time on the date that is three (3) Business Days after Buyer’s receipt of the Updated Title 
Commitment shall constitute Buyer’s irrevocable acceptance of the Updated Title Commitment 
and Buyer shall be deemed to have unconditionally waived any right to object to any matters set 
forth therein.  If Buyer timely delivers an Updated Title Commitment Objection Notice, Seller 
shall have three (3) Business Days after receipt of such notice to notify Buyer (i) that Seller will 
attempt to remove or attempt to cause to be removed such objectionable exceptions from title on 
or before the Closing, in which case the provisions of Section 8.3(b) shall apply; or (ii) that Seller 
elects not to cause such exceptions to be removed at which time Buyer may elect to accept the title 
in its current condition or terminate this Agreement by delivery of written notice to Seller no later 
than one (1) Business Day following Seller’s delivery of the notice described in clause (ii) above, 
in which case the Deposit shall be released to Seller and the parties shall have no further obligations 
to each other except for those that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement.  Nothing 
in this subsection shall require Seller, despite any election by Seller to attempt to discharge any 
title exceptions, to take or bring any action or proceeding or any other steps to remove any title 
exception or to expend any moneys therefor, other than with respect to the Post Effective Date 
Monetary Encumbrances and Post Effective Date Seller Encumbrances (as hereinafter defined). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if Buyer delivers an Updated 
Title Commitment Objection Notice less than three (3) Business Days prior to the scheduled 
Closing Date, Seller may adjourn the Closing Date for the period necessary to allow Seller three 
(3) Business Days to respond to the Updated Title Commitment Objection Notice prior to the 
Closing Date. 
SECTION 1.29
Delivery of Title.   
