52 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
[State where Asset located], and (ii) the United States District Court for the 
[_______] District of [State where Asset located], and hereby further irrevocably 
and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that 
any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in 
an inconvenient forum. 
SECTION 1.60
Severability.  If any term or provision of this 
Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall, to any 
extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the 
application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those 
as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby, and 
each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the 
fullest extent permitted by law. 
SECTION 1.61 
Section Headings.  The headings of the various 
sections of this Agreement have been inserted only for purposes of convenience, 
are not part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed in any manner to modify, 
explain, expand or restrict any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
SECTION 1.62
Counterparts; E-Signature.  This Agreement may be 
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or 
account for more than one such counterpart.  Documents executed, scanned and 
transmitted electronically and electronic signatures shall be deemed original 
signatures for purposes of this Agreement and all matters related thereto, with such 
scanned and electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original 
signatures.  This Agreement, and any other document necessary for the 
consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, may be 
accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in 
accordance with the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act 
("E-Sign Act"), Title 15, United States Code, Sections 7001 et seq., the Uniform 
Electronic Transaction Act ("UETA") and any applicable state law. Any document 
accepted, executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws will be binding on 
each party as if it were physically executed.
SECTION 1.63
Acceptance of Deed.  The acceptance of the Deed by 
Buyer shall be deemed full compliance by Seller of all of Seller’s obligations under 
this Agreement except for those obligations of Seller which are specifically stated 
to survive the delivery of the Deed or the Closing hereunder.  The provisions of this 
Section 14.18 shall survive the Closing or any termination of this Agreement 
without limitation. 
SECTION 1.64 
Construction.  The parties acknowledge that the 
parties and their counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement and that the 
normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved 
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this 
Agreement or any exhibits or amendments hereto. 
