27 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(f)
an affidavit that Seller is not a “foreign person” within the meaning of the 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended, in substantially the form of 
Exhibit E attached hereto;
(g) 
such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably requested by 
Title Company in order to consummate the transactions described in this Agreement including, 
without limitation, Seller’s customary owner’s affidavit in a form reasonably acceptable to the 
Title Company; 
(h) 
all transfer tax returns which are required by law and the regulations issued 
pursuant thereto in connection with the payment of all state or local real property transfer taxes 
that are payable or arise as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, in each case, as prepared and duly executed by Seller, as applicable; and 
(i) 
a closing statement for the Assets prepared and approved by Seller and 
Buyer, consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 
SECTION 1.22
Post Closing Cooperation.  Buyer shall reasonably 
cooperate with Seller in connection with the prosecution or defense of any 
litigation, actions, suits, arbitrations, claims, government investigations, or 
proceedings with any Person or Governmental Agency arising out of or relating to 
events that occur prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, (i) making 
Employees available to Seller at no cost to Buyer, and (ii) promptly, but in no event 
less than ten (10) Business Days after Buyer’s receipt, notifying Seller of any notice 
or documentation associated with any litigation, actions, suits, arbitrations, claims, 
government investigations, or proceedings with any Person or Governmental 
Agency arising out of or relating to events that occur prior to the Closing Date 
received by Buyer. The provisions of this Section 6.3 shall survive the Closing. 
INSPECTIONS AND RELEASE
SECTION 1.23
Right of Inspection.   
(a)
Physical Inspections.  Commencing on [the Effective Date and continuing 
until 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the date which is [________] days after the Effective Date OR
the date that is [______________] days after the date of execution of the Access Agreement] (the 
“Due Diligence Period”) (time being of the essence), Buyer and its agents shall have the right, 
upon reasonable prior written notice to Seller (which shall in any event be at least 24 hours in 
advance) and at Buyer’s sole cost, risk and expense, to inspect the Hotel during normal business 
hours on Business Days, provided that any such inspection shall not unreasonably impede the 
normal day to day business operation of the Hotel, and provided further that Seller shall be entitled 
to accompany Buyer and its agents on such inspection. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the foregoing sentence, Buyer shall not 
have the right to interview or otherwise communicate with the Employees, Manager, any guests 
or licensees of the Hotel or other users or occupants of the Hotel without the prior written consent 
