31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
18. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
18.1 
Independent Contractor. Franchisee is an independent contractor. Nothing in this 
Agreement, or in the conduct of the Parties hereunder, creates a fiduciary relationship or other special 
relationship or makes either Party a general or special agent, legal representative, joint venture, partner, or 
employee of the other for any purpose. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor and Franchisee 
are not, and do not intend to be, partners, associates, or joint employers in any way, and Franchisor shall 
not be construed to be jointly liable for any of Franchisee’s acts or omissions under any circumstances. 
Although Franchisor retains the right to establish and modify the System that Franchisee must follow, 
Franchisee retains all sole and direct responsibility for the day-to-day management and operation of its 
business and for implementing and maintaining the Standards at the Hotel. To the extent the Standards or 
any other guidance, policies, or procedures from Franchisor might apply to Franchisee’s employees, such 
Standards, guidance, policies, and procedures are provided for informational purposes only and are not 
mandatory, and Franchisee must determine to what extent, if any, they apply to its operation of the Hotel. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely and directly responsible for labor and employment 
matters for Franchisee’s employees, including without limitation for dictating terms and conditions of 
employment, training, wages, benefits, promotions, hirings and terminations, vacations, safety, work 
schedules, and specific tasks. If Franchisee comprises two or more persons or entities (notwithstanding any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between or among such persons or entities) the rights, privileges 
and benefits of this Agreement may only be exercised and enjoyed jointly. The liabilities and 
responsibilities under this Agreement will be the joint and several obligations of all such persons or entities. 
Franchisor has no relationship with Franchisee’s employees, and Franchisee has no relationship with 
Franchisor’s employees.  
18.2 
Notices to Public Concerning Independent Status. Franchisee will take any actions that 
Franchisor requires in its sole discretion to minimize the chance of a Claim being made against Franchisor 
or its Affiliates for any occurrence at the Hotel, or for any acts, omissions, or obligations of Franchisee or 
anyone affiliated with Franchisee or the Hotel. Franchisee will communicate with Hotel staff in 
employment agreements, manuals, handbooks, and other materials that the Manager, and not Franchisor or 
its Affiliates, is the employer of all Hotel staff. All contracts for the Hotel’s operations and services at the 
Hotel will be in Franchisee’s name or in the name of Franchisee’s Management Company. Franchisee will 
not enter into or sign any contracts in Franchisor’s name or any of Franchisor’s Affiliates’ names or use the 
Marks or any acronyms or variations of the Marks. Franchisee will disclose in all dealings with the public 
and Franchisee’s employees, agents, contractors, suppliers and other third parties that: (a) Franchisee is the 
Hotel’s owner; (b) Franchisee is an independent entity; (c) Franchisee is the employer, principal, or 
contracting party (as applicable); and (d) Franchisor and its Affiliates are not responsible for Franchisee’s 
liabilities or debts in any manner whatsoever. 
18.3 
Business Judgment. The Parties recognize and agree, and any mediator or judge is 
affirmatively advised, that certain provisions of this Agreement describe Franchisor’s rights to take (or 
refrain from taking) certain actions in the exercise of Franchisor’s sole discretion. The fact that any 
particular Brand Hotel did or did not benefit from any action or decision, or that another reasonable 
alternative was available, does not mean that Franchisor failed to exercise properly its business judgment. 
Where such judgment has been exercised by Franchisor, neither a mediator, nor a judge, nor any trier of 
fact, shall substitute his, her or their judgment for the judgment so exercised by Franchisor. 
