17
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
(Column 1)
Type of Fee 
(Column 2)
Amount 
(Column 3)
Due Date 
(Column 4)
Remarks 
Reconciliation Charges Varies
On Demand.
If you purchase an existing hotel 
owned by one of our affiliates, 
we may collect certain 
reconciliation amounts post-
closing on behalf of our affiliate 
and remit to our affiliate.
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us and are 
nonrefundable. Other than the Royalty and liquidated damages, the fees are subject to change. We can 
require you to pay fees by electronic funds transfer/direct debit of account or other similar method.  Other 
franchisees may pay different amounts depending on various factors including when they come into the 
System. 
 
NOTE 1:  “Gross Room Revenue” means revenues attributable to or payable for the use or occupancy of 
the Guestrooms at the Site, including barter and credit transactions (before commissions and 
discounts for credit cards), whether or not collected, revenue derived from the redemption of 
points or rewards under loyalty programs, amounts attributable to meals when the room rate 
includes meals, mandatory guest fees, group booking rebates or commissions, proceeds from 
any business interruption insurance or other loss of income insurance applicable to loss of 
revenues due to the non-availability of rooms, and proceeds for guaranteed no-show revenue 
and other cancellation fees which are collected, and any miscellaneous fees charged to all 
guests regardless of the accounting treatment of such fees, but excluding sales taxes, room taxes 
or other taxes collected by you from customers for transmittal to appropriate taxing authorities. 
Gross Room Revenue also excludes revenue derived from vending, laundry exchange, and 
laundry machines. Gross Room Revenue must be accounted for in accordance with the Uniform 
System of Accounts for The Lodging Industry, Eleventh Revised Edition, 2014 (the “2014 11th 
Edition”), as published by the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., except as otherwise 
provided in the accounting procedures in the Standards.   
 
NOTE 2: 
The System Services Fee pays for the services that we provide to Brand Hotels as we determine. 
For example, we may use the System Services Fee to pay for (i) advertising, promotion, 
publicity, public relations, and other marketing programs, (ii) developing and maintaining the 
ESA Website; (iii) developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; 
(iv) quality assurance programs; (v) national sales; (vi) revenue management systems and 
support; (vii) information systems development, deployment, and support; (viii) training; (ix) 
market research and product development; (x) franchisee support programs; (xi) costs and 
overhead related to the administration or direction of these projects and programs; and (xii) any 
other programs that we determine will benefit the System. We may create any programs and 
allocate monies derived from System Services Fees to any regions or localities. The System 
Services Fee does not cover your costs of participating in programs (whether mandatory or 
optional) that we offer or require and do not choose to fund through the System Services Fee. 
The System Services Fee also does not cover the cost of operating the Hotel in accordance with 
the Standards. 
 
NOTE 3: 
We will pass through charges such as commissions, fees, and other amounts payable to travel 
agents and other persons for certain reservation, marketing, payment and facilitation services 
plus a service fee, or commission, fees, and other amounts payable for reservations originated 
