19 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(ii) 
None of Buyer or, to Buyer’s Knowledge, its direct or indirect 
owners, principals, employees or Affiliates, is acting, directly or indirectly, on 
behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers, including those 
persons or entities that appear on the Annex to the Executive Order, or are included 
on any relevant lists maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of U.S. 
Department of Treasury, U.S. Department of State, or other U.S. government 
agencies, all as may be amended from time to time. 
(iii) 
None of Buyer or, to Buyer’s knowledge, its Affiliates or, without 
inquiry, any of its brokers or other agents, in any capacity in connection with the 
purchase of the Hotel (A) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving 
any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person 
included in the lists set forth in the preceding paragraph; (B) deals in, or otherwise 
engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked 
pursuant to the Executive Order; or (C) engages in or conspires to engage in any 
transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or 
attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Money Laundering 
and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
(iv) 
Buyer understands and acknowledges that Seller may become 
subject to further anti-money laundering regulations, and agrees to execute 
instruments, provide information, or perform any other acts as may reasonably be 
requested by Seller, for the purpose of: (A) carrying out due diligence as may be 
required by Applicable Law to establish Buyer’s identity and source of funds; (B) 
maintaining records of such identities and sources of funds, or verifications or 
certifications as to the same; and (C) taking any other actions as may be required to 
comply with and remain in compliance with anti-money laundering regulations 
applicable to Buyer. 
(v) 
Neither Buyer, nor any person controlling or controlled by Buyer, is 
a country, territory, individual or entity named on a Government List, and the 
monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with 
respect thereto, were not and are not derived from any activities that contravene 
any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws or any other 
applicable anti-money laundering or anti-bribery Applicable Laws and regulations 
(including funds being derived from any person, entity, country or territory on a 
Government List or engaged in any unlawful activity defined under Title 18 of the 
United States Code, Section 1956(c)(7)). 
(vi) 
Buyer is not engaging in the transactions contemplated hereunder, 
directly or indirectly, in violation of any Applicable Laws relating to drug 
trafficking, money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering or drug 
trafficking.  None of the funds of Buyer have been or will be derived from any 
unlawful activity with the result that the investment of direct or indirect equity 
owners in Buyer is prohibited by Applicable Laws or that the transactions 
contemplated hereunder or this Agreement is or will be in violation of Applicable 
Laws. 
