 
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
“Opening Date” means the date upon which Franchisor in its sole discretion authorizes Franchisee to open 
the Hotel for business as a Brand Hotel. 
 
“Opening Deadline” means the date upon which the Parties agree that Franchisee will open Hotel for 
business as a Brand Hotel, under the Brand and under the Marks, and as specified in Item 15 of Exhibit A. 
 
“Operating Revenue” has the meaning defined in the Uniform System and includes all revenues derived 
from the operation of the Hotel, including guest room rental charges, laundry revenue, parking revenue, 
vending revenues, guest internet access charges, telephone charges, in-room or other entertainment 
revenues, and all other items provided or made available to a guest in connection with a Hotel stay. 
Operating Revenue excludes sales tax, value added tax, or similar taxes on such revenues and receipts. 
 
“Operating Year” means each of the consecutive twelve (12) calendar month periods, the first of which 
starts on the first (1st) day of the calendar month during which the Opening Date occurs, and the last of 
which ends on the expiration or termination of the Term. 
 
“Other Agreement” means, collectively, this Agreement (including any Exhibits and Addenda), the Hotel 
Technology Agreement, any other agreements executed in connection with this Agreement (including any 
Development Agreement, if applicable), and any other agreement related to the Hotel or the Site to which 
Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s respective Affiliates is a party and to which Franchisor (or Franchisor’s 
Affiliate) is also a party or beneficiary, as any may be amended, modified, supplemented, or restated. 
 
“Other Business(es)” means any business activity Franchisor or Franchisor Affiliates engage in (including, 
without limitation, developing, promoting, constructing, owning, leasing, acquiring, managing, or operating 
Network Hotels (including, other Network Hotels operating under the Brand), other than the licensing of 
the Hotel. 
 
“Other Hotels” means any hotel, inn, lodging facility, conference center or other similar business, other 
than a Brand Hotel or a Network Hotel. 
 
“Party” or “Parties” means Franchisee or Franchisor when referred to individually, and collectively when 
referred to in plural. 
 
“Person(s)” means a natural person or entity. 
 
“PIP” means property improvement plan. 
 
“Plans and Designs” means the plans, layouts, specifications, and drawings for the Hotel, and for the 
proposed Supplies, signs and décor, all of which must use, incorporate, and comply with, Law and the 
Standards. 
 
“Qualified Person” means a Person that meets Franchisor’s then-current owner or management company 
qualifications, including that such Person or any of its Equity Owners or their respective Affiliates have not 
been convicted of a serious crime, is not a Competitor or a Sanctioned Person, has not engaged in conduct 
that may adversely affect the Hotel, the Brand, the System or Franchisor and has not been a party to any 
material civil litigation with Franchisor or its Affiliates. 
 
“Representative” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.4. 
 
