43
Extended Stay America Suites FDD (2025) 
provides  Franchisor will all information and access that Franchisor reasonably requests, (iv) ensures that its 
personnel attend and satisfactorily complete required brand standard training programs, and (v) is neither a 
Competitor nor a Sanctioned Person. You are responsible for complying with the Franchise Agreement, 
even if you retain a Management Company. We can withdraw our approval of the Management Company 
at any time.  We may require you to hire a Management Company if you, in our view, do not have sufficient 
experience managing hotels or if you fail to manage the Hotel to professional standards, including our 
Standards.  If we approve a Management Company, as a condition of that approval, the Management 
Company must sign the documents we require to protect our intellectual property rights and reflects its 
agreement to perform its management responsibilities and operate the Hotel in compliance with the 
Franchise Agreement. Our current form of Management Company Acknowledgement is attached as Exhibit 
G to the Franchise Agreement. You, or your Management Company, must also retain a General Manager 
to manage the daily operations of your Hotel.  
Your General Manager must attend and successfully complete our General Manager Certification program 
and any other particular training course that we may have for managers.   
We do not require your manager or General Manager to maintain an equity interest in you, unless we believe 
it to be necessary to do so. 
Under the Development Agreement, you must during its Term, and except as we otherwise approve in 
writing, devote your (or employ a Multi-Unit Manager to devote its) full time and best efforts to the 
management and operation of the development business. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
As long as you comply with applicable law, we do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom 
you may sell goods or services. In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and 
levels of services, amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection 
with the Hotel. We may change these requirements at any time and there are no limits on our rights to do 
so. You must operate the Hotel 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in accordance with your Franchise Agreement 
and the Standards, except as we otherwise permit. You may only refer guests to other Brand Hotels and 
Network Hotels and you may not use any part of the Hotel for any business other than a Brand Hotel.   
You may not affiliate or identify the Hotel with another franchise system, reservation service, brand, 
cooperative or trademark during the Term.  You may not promote a competing business or other lodging 
facility, except as we may approve.  You may not enter into any agreement or other arrangement with a 
concessionaire (such as retail or food and/or beverage service facilities) without our prior written consent.  
You may not allow gambling at the Hotel or use the Hotel for any casino, lottery, or other type of gaming 
activities, or associate with any gaming activity, knowingly permit adult entertainment activities at the 
Hotel or sell, display or use in the Hotel any vending machines, honor bars, video or other entertainment 
devices or similar products. You and your owners may not conduct or permit the marketing or sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, vacation club, residence club, fractional ownership, condominiums, 
apartment leasing or rental business, or like schemes at, or adjacent to, the Hotel or for any business that 
shares common areas, amenities, recreation facilities, services, supplies or support activities with the Hotel 
without our consent.   
You must honor and give priority for available rooms to all confirmed reservations booked through the 
Reservation Service and you must only use the Reservation Service for Hotel bookings.  You must also 
participate in and honor the terms and conditions of any loyalty, discount, amenity, service or promotional 
programs required by the Standards, any Guest Room rate quoted to prospective guests when they make 
