I-11 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
2.
The “Summary” section of Item 17(i), entitled Franchisee’s obligations on termination or 
renewal is supplemented by the following language: 
The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has held liquidated damages and termination penalties 
to be unfair, unjust and inequitable to North Dakota franchisees. 
 
3. 
The “Summary” section of Item 17(u), entitled Dispute resolution by arbitration or 
mediation is deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
To the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law (unless such 
requirement is preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act), mediation will be at a site to 
which we and you mutually agree.  
 
4. 
 The “Summary” section of Item 17(v), entitled Choice of forum, is deleted and replaced 
with the following: 
You must sue us in North Carolina, except that to the extent required by the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law, you may bring an action in North Dakota. 
5. 
The “Summary” section of Item 17(w), entitled Choice of law, is deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
Except as otherwise required by North Dakota law, the laws of the State of North Carolina 
will apply. 
We shall not require you to consent to the Waiver of a Trial by Jury, pursuant to Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, or the waiver of exemplary and 
punitive damages. 
 
6. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
RHODE ISLAND
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Rhode Island: 
 
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), 
entitled Choice of forum, and 17(w), entitled Choice of law: 
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A 
provision in a multi-unit Development Agreement or franchise agreement restricting 
jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the laws 
of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.” 
 
