20 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
c. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL HOTEL OR CANARY HAVE ANY LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS HOTEL 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER 
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER OR NOT IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  The 
exclusions and limitations of liability set forth in this Section shall not apply to a party’s willful misconduct or gross 
negligence, its liability for indemnities, its breach of its confidentiality obligations hereunder, or its violation of the 
other party’s intellectual property rights.   
5. 
TERM AND TERMINATION:   
a. 
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Section 5, the term of this Hotel Subscription 
Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for a period 
of three (3) years (the “Initial Term”) and thereafter on an annual basis (each, a “Renewal Term”), unless either party 
gives the other party prior written notice of its intent to not renew this Hotel Subscription Agreement by providing at 
least sixty (60) days’ notice prior to the expiration of the then current period of the Term. 
b. 
This Hotel Subscription Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(1) 
If a party commits a material breach any of the terms, conditions or covenants hereof and 
has not remedied such material breach within thirty (30) days after written notice by the non-breaching party to the 
breaching party of such violation or breach; 
(2) 
a party makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or files a voluntary petition in 
bankruptcy or be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent or admits in writing its inability to meet its obligations as they 
mature, or if a permanent receiver of all or any portion of a party’s property shall be appointed in any judicial 
proceeding, or there shall be entered against it an order adjudicating it a bankrupt or insolvent or an order appointing 
a liquidator, receiver or trustee for it or for all or substantially all of its assets or approving as properly filed against it a 
petition seeking reorganization, arrangement or other proceeding under any bankruptcy or other law for the relief of 
debtors, which order shall continue unstayed and in effect for, or which proceeding shall not be terminated and the 
party released from such proceeding within, thirty (30) days.  
(3) 
If any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation hereafter promulgated by any legislative body 
or agency having jurisdiction over a party shall prohibit the furnishing of the Services or the transaction of business of 
the nature to be provided or transacted hereunder and the parties cannot agree to reasonable amendment to this 
Hotel Subscription Agreement in order to continue providing the Services in compliance with such law, rule or 
regulation. 
(4) 
In the event that information with respect to Canary or its parent(s), subsidiaries, affiliates, 
officers, directors or owners will adversely affect the current stature of Hotel or its affiliates with any commission, 
board, or similar governmental or regulatory agency, then Hotel shall have the right to terminate the Hotel Subscription 
Agreement upon written notice to Canary. 
c. 
In no event will any termination of this Hotel Subscription Agreement relieve Hotel of its obligation 
to pay any fees payable to Canary for the period of time prior to the effective date of such termination. Upon any 
termination of this Hotel Subscription Agreement, Hotel and all Authorized Users must immediately cease all use of 
the Service. For a period of 45 days following any termination of this Hotel Subscription Agreement, Canary will, 
upon Hotel’s request, provide Hotel with an export of all current Hotel Content in the format agreed by the parties. 
After such 45-day period, Canary will have no obligation to maintain or provide any Hotel Content and Canary will, 
unless prohibited by applicable law, delete all Hotel Content in its systems or otherwise in its possession or under its 
control in accordance with Canary’s then-current data retention and deletion policies.  Subject to this Section, upon 
any termination of this Hotel Subscription Agreement and the Disclosing Party’s request, the Receiving Party will 
promptly return, or at the Disclosing Party’s option destroy, all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in 
the Receiving Party’s possession or under its control. 
 
6. 
CONFIDENTIALITY:  “Confidential Information” means all confidential information disclosed by a party 
(“Disclosing Party”) to the other party (“Receiving Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as 
confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the 
circumstances of disclosure, including all copies thereof. Confidential Information of Hotel includes the Hotel 
Content, Confidential Information of Canary includes the Materials, Canary platforms and Services (including 
