3 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
provide GAP coverage on terms reasonably acceptable to Seller, or (d) a reputable regional or 
national bank not having the ability to send federal wire transfers. 
“Blocking Event Cure” shall mean with respect to any Blocking Event (i) described in 
clause (a) of the definition thereof, the resumption of pick-up and overnight deliveries by such 
nationally recognized overnight courier, (ii) described in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the 
ability of the Escrow Agent and Title Company to perform its duties as contemplated herein have 
resumed, (iii) described in clause (c) of the definition thereof, the ability of such local recording 
office to record documents has resumed or the Title Company is willing and able to provide GAP 
coverage on terms reasonably acceptable to Seller, or (iv) described in clause (d) of the definition 
thereof, the ability of federal wires to be sent and processed has recommenced by such bank. 
“Bookings” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(vii).  
“Broker” shall mean [_______________].
“Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which 
banks are authorized or required by law to be closed in New York, New York.  
“Buyer” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Preamble to this Agreement. 
“Buyer-Related Entities” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 11.1. 
“Buyer Waived Breach” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 11.3. 
“Buyer’s Knowledge” shall mean, collectively, (i) the actual knowledge of Buyer based 
upon the actual knowledge of [Buyer’s Knowledge Individual] (“Buyer’s Knowledge Party”), 
without any duty on the part of such Person to conduct any independent investigation or make any 
inquiry of any Person, (ii) the matters disclosed in this Agreement or listed on the schedules 
attached hereto, (iii) any and all information contained in the Asset File, (iv) information regarding 
the Assets that is publicly available, and (v) information from any of Buyer’s reports, inspections, 
surveys and/or studies. The named individuals shall have no personal liability by virtue of their 
inclusion in this definition. 
“Buyer’s Vendors” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.1(a). 
“Cap Limitation” shall mean an amount equal to one percent (1%) of the Purchase Price.   
“Claims” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.3. 
“Closing” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.4(a). 
“Closing Date” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.4(a). 
“Closing Documents” shall mean any certificate, assignment, instrument or other 
document executed by Buyer and/or Seller (as applicable) and delivered by Buyer and/or Seller 
(as applicable) at Closing in accordance with Article VI of this Agreement. 
