I-9 
ESA-EX I (2025) 
PREVAIL 
UPON 
A 
PROSPECTIVE 
DEVELOPER 
OR 
FRANCHISEE 
TO 
ACCEPT 
TERMS 
WHICH 
ARE 
LESS 
FAVORABLE THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN THIS FRANCHISE 
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
2. 
The following is added at the end of Item 3: 
 
Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its predecessor, a person identified 
in Item 2, or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s principal trademark: 
 
A. 
No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against that 
person alleging:  a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust, or securities law, 
fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair 
or deceptive practices, or comparable civil or misdemeanor allegations. 
 
B. 
No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the 
business, which are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and the 
size, nature or financial condition of the franchise system or its business 
operations.  
 
C. 
No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a 
felony charge or, within the 10 year period immediately preceding the application 
for registration, has been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a 
misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil action alleging:  violation of 
a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent 
conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive practices or 
comparable allegations. 
D. 
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or 
decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, 
securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a 
concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or is 
subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or 
national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 
1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association 
or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order 
relating to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public 
agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as 
a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
3. 
The following is added to the end of Item 4: 
 
Neither we, our affiliates or any officers identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document 
has, during the 10-year period preceding the date of this Disclosure Document:   (a) filed 
as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal 
officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or 
had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that 
obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year 
