29 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
provisions that expressly survive a termination of this Agreement.  In such event, the Deposit shall 
be promptly delivered by Escrow Agent to Seller.  In the event that Buyer shall fail to have 
delivered the Termination Notice to Seller before the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, (x) 
Buyer shall have no further right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(a) and 
(y) the entire Deposit shall become non-refundable to Buyer for any reason except (i) in connection 
with a termination of the Agreement by Buyer as a result of a Seller default pursuant to Section 
12.2(b) hereof, (ii) as expressly set forth in Section 8.3(b) or (iii) pursuant to Section 9.2(b).  The 
provisions of this Section 7.1(a) shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the Closing 
without limitation.  
(b) 
Inspection of Books and Records. Subject to the provisions of Section 
7.1(a), during the Due Diligence Period, Buyer may review at the Hotel, to the extent that such 
items are existing and in Seller’s possession or control, the current books and records concerning 
the Hotel, certificates of occupancy, as built plans and specifications, surveys, rent rolls, tax 
statements, inventory lists, service and maintenance agreements, and other instruments, documents 
and agreements reasonably requested by Buyer to investigate the Hotel (collectively, “Due 
Diligence Documents”), excluding proprietary documents and information, documents and 
information which are subject to confidentiality agreements which do not permit their disclosure 
to Buyer, and documents and information subject to the attorney client privilege. 
(c)
Buyer Remedies. The failure of Buyer to receive any Due Diligence 
Documents or any other document or item pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall not extend the Due 
Diligence Period, and Buyer’s sole remedy with respect thereto shall be to terminate this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(a) prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period. 
(d) 
Post-Due Diligence Period Inspections and Deliveries. Following the 
expiration of the Due Diligence Period, upon at least twenty-four (24) hours written request from 
Buyer, Seller shall provide Buyer with (i) access the Hotel for the purpose of physical inspections, 
or (ii) Due Diligence Documents requested by or on behalf of Buyer; provided, however, it is 
acknowledged and agreed that Buyer’s rights, if any, pursuant to this Section 7.1(d) shall be subject 
in all respects to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth in Article VII. Notwithstanding 
anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Buyer shall fully satisfy itself with the Condition of the Assets (as defined herein below) prior to 
the expiration of the Due Diligence Period.   
SECTION 1.24
Examination and No Contingencies.   
(a)
Examination. Buyer will be making such examination of the Assets and all 
other matters affecting or relating to the transactions contemplated hereunder as Buyer has deemed 
necessary.  In entering into this Agreement, Buyer has not been induced by and has not relied upon 
any written or oral representations, warranties or statements, whether express or implied, made by 
Seller or any Affiliate, member or manager of Seller, or any officer, director, member, agent, 
employee, or other representative of any of the foregoing or by any broker or any other person 
representing or purporting to represent Seller with respect to the Assets, the Condition of the Assets 
or any other matter affecting or relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, other than those 
expressly set forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2.  Buyer’s obligations under this Agreement shall 
not be subject to any contingencies, diligence or conditions except as expressly set forth in Sections 
