 
13 
2025 ESA Suites Development Agreement 
proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand shall be withdrawn and 
presented in the North Carolina filing. 
12.2.2 The arbitrator will apply the substantive laws of North Carolina without reference to 
its conflict of laws provision. In the event the arbitrator determines that any 
contractual limitations period provided for in this Agreement is not applicable or 
enforceable, then Franchisee agrees to be bound by the provision of any statute of 
limitations which would otherwise be applicable to the controversy, dispute or Claim 
which is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated under this Section 12.2. 
The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties and will be 
enforceable in any courts having jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have no authority to 
amend or modify the terms of this Agreement. The arbitrator will have the right to 
award or include in its award any relief it deems proper, including money damages 
and interest on unpaid amounts, specific performance and legal fees and costs in 
accordance with this Agreement; however, the arbitrator may not award punitive, 
consequential or exemplary damages in violation of Section 12.4 or those related to 
misuse of Franchisor’s Marks and/or intellectual property. The costs and expenses of 
arbitration will be allocated and paid by the parties as determined by the arbitrator. 
12.2.3 Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. If 
any party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration proceeding, an award may 
be entered against the party, notwithstanding its failure to appear. Any arbitration will 
be conducted at Franchisor’s headquarters office in North Carolina and the parties 
agree that any state laws attempting to prohibit arbitration in North Carolina are pre-
empted by the Federal Arbitration Act. Nothing in this Section 12.2 will be construed 
as requiring Franchisee or Franchisor to make a Claim in arbitration before exercising 
any rights Franchisee or Franchisor may have to give notice of default or termination 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any related agreements. 
12.3 
Injunctive Relief.  Franchisee explicitly affirms and recognizes the uniqueness attached to the 
System and the Marks and that Franchisee’s noncompliance with the terms of this Agreement, 
or any unauthorized or improper use of the System or the Marks, will cause Franchisor 
irreparable damage.  As such, Franchisor will be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief 
for any threatened or actual material breach of this Agreement without being required to prove 
the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy, without being required to post a bond and 
without waiving any other rights or remedies at law or in equity. 
12.3.1 Any Dispute involving actual or threatened disclosure or misuse of the 
contents of the Standards Manual or any other Confidential Information or trade 
secrets of the Franchisor; 
 
12.3.2 Any Dispute involving the ownership, validity, use of, or right to license the 
Marks; 
 
12.3.3 Any action by Franchisor to enforce the covenants set forth in Section 13.11 
and Section 13.12 of this Agreement; and 
 
12.3.4 Any action by Franchisor to stop or prevent any threat or danger to public 
health or safety resulting from the construction, maintenance, or operation of the 
Hotel.  The provisions of this Section are intended to benefit and bind certain third-
