3 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
enhancements, improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Technology Services or modify, alter 
or delete elements of the Technology Services at any time. According to the terms and conditions hereof, 
ESA authorizes the non-exclusive, personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the 
Technology Services in the operation of the Hotel. Franchisee must follow the standards ESA has 
established for the Technology Services, which may require Franchisee to make enhancements, 
improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Technology Services and/or the System. The 
Technology Services and the System may be used by Franchisee solely on equipment and networks 
authorized by ESA and solely for Franchisee’s own internal Hotel operations.   Franchisee shall not permit 
any use or access by any unauthorized equipment, sites or persons. Franchisee shall maintain the System in 
confidence and not disclose any of the System to any third party nor permit the System to be used or 
accessed by anyone other than Franchisee’s selected employees who may require access to the System as 
an authorized part of their Hotel duties.   No legal or equitable title to or ownership of any of the System or 
any proprietary rights therein are transferred to Franchisee hereunder other than the limited license and/or 
right to use specified herein. Any changes, improvements, additions, and/or modifications to the System 
and all proprietary rights therein, including without limitation copyrights, patents and trade secret rights, 
shall be ESA’s sole and exclusive property and subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  
 
2.2     Franchisee shall provide information, site and system access and facilities (including, but 
not limited to, broadband internet access, other telecommunications and office services and supplies) as are 
reasonably necessary to enable ESA to perform the Technology Services, deliver related equipment and 
maintain, enhance, improve, update and/or modify the System. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Technology Services are dependent on and subject to performance by Franchisee of its obligations 
associated with this HTA in a timely manner. ESA shall be entitled to rely on, and Franchisee shall be 
responsible for, all decisions, instructions and approvals of Franchisee project, administrative and other 
personnel in connection with the Technology Services. Franchisee shall maintain on its staff at all times 
sufficient personnel that have been trained in and are knowledgeable about the operation of the System and 
are able to operate the System in a professional, efficient and competent manner.  ESA shall have no liability 
for any damages, costs or expenses of reconstructing any data or information that may be destroyed, 
impaired or lost. 
  
2.3     If any are required, Franchisee shall be responsible for procuring all consents, licenses, 
approvals or permissions as may be necessary to enable ESA to perform the Technology Services. 
  
2.4 
Any upgrades, modifications, changes, interfaces, or new software or hardware at the Hotel 
(collectively, “Changes”) are subject to ESA’s consent, in ESA’s sole and absolute discretion from time to 
time and Franchisee shall be responsible and liable for all such Changes, including the costs, expenses, and 
fees associated with such Changes and any reconfiguration or other charges resulting from such Changes. 
ESA may revoke any prior consent to any Changes at any time in its sole and absolute discretion and 
Franchise shall immediately remove any such Changes as well as any Changes that ESA has not approved 
and does not approve. Charges shall be billed to Franchisee by ESA at its standard rates then in effect or as 
otherwise agreed in writing by ESA and Franchisee and shall be due and payable by Franchisee upon 
invoicing. 
3. 
ESA’S IP RIGHTS. 
 
3.1   
Subject to Franchisee’s performance of its obligations in this HTA, ESA grants to 
Franchisee a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive temporary right to use the 
Technology Services during the term of the Franchise Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specific 
location. 
 
3.2     All rights, title and interest in the Technology Services, the System, and all other ESA 
property, as applicable, shall remain in ESA. Nothing in this HTA shall preclude ESA from developing for 
itself, or for others, materials which are competitive with those produced as a result of the Technology 
Services provided hereunder, irrespective of their similarity to items which may be delivered to Franchisee 
