11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
5.6 
Loyalty Programs. Franchisee must participate in and honor the terms and conditions of 
any loyalty, discount, amenity, service or promotional programs required by the Standards, any Guest Room 
rate quoted to prospective guests when they make reservations, any fees charged by such programs, and 
any award certificates (including, credit toward food purchases or internet or other items or amenities) 
issued to Hotel guests participating in these programs. 
5.7 
Pricing and Rates. Franchisee is responsible for setting its own room rates and prices for 
all products and services at the Hotel, including determining any prices or rates that appear in the 
Reservation Service. Franchisor may: (i) prohibit certain types of charges or billing practices that 
Franchisor determines are misleading or detrimental to the System; (ii) require that Franchisee price 
consistently in all channels; and (iii) impose other pricing requirements permitted by Law. Franchisor may 
recommend prices or rates for the products and services offered by Franchisee or require participation in 
various sales or inventory management programs or promotions offered by Franchisor. Franchisor’s 
recommendations are not mandatory; Franchisee is ultimately responsible for determining the prices or 
rates at which it offers its products and services, and Franchisor’s recommendations are not a representation 
or warranty by Franchisor that the use of such recommended prices or rates will produce, increase, or 
optimize Franchisee’s profits. Franchisor will have no liability for any such recommendations, including 
those made in connection with any sales activity or inventory management. Franchisee will provide its 
prices and rates for use in the Reservation Service in accordance with the Standards. Franchisee will: 
(a) honor any prices, rates or discounts that appear in the Reservation Service or elsewhere; (b) honor all 
reservations made through the Reservation Service or that are confirmed; and (c) not charge any Hotel guest 
a rate higher than the rate specified for the Hotel guest’s reservation in the Reservation Service or, if not 
made through the Reservation Service, in the reservation confirmation. Franchisee will also honor all 
pricing and terms for any other product or service offered in connection with the Hotel. 
5.8 
Compliance with Laws. Franchisee must strictly comply with all Laws, including all Laws 
concerning Franchisee, Franchisee’s operations and services, the Site, and the Hotel’s development, 
construction, renovation, and operation and with all requirements of the System and the Standards as they 
may be modified by Franchisor in its discretion from time to time. Franchisee shall be solely responsible for 
and Franchisor shall have no responsibility for any and all permits, certificates and licenses necessary for the 
full and proper development and operation of the Hotel, including, without limitation, licenses to do business, 
trade, fictitious or assumed name registrations, building permits, sales tax permits, health and sanitation 
permits and ratings, fire clearances, architecture or engineering, for code, zoning, or other requirements of the 
laws, rules, regulations or ordinances of any state, local municipality, urban community, or provincial or 
federal governmental body, including any errors, omissions, or discrepancies of any nature in any drawings 
or specifications obtained by Franchisee, including those provided by Franchisor. Without limiting the 
foregoing, Franchisee shall be solely responsible for compliance with any requirements of the Americans with 
Disabilities Act, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, state and federal privacy and data security 
legislation and Personal Identifiable Information laws or regulations. Franchisee shall promptly report to 
Franchisor all incidents involving safety, security, public relations or serious injury to persons or property that 
occur at, or involve, the Hotel, and all other incidents that the Standards require to be reported to Franchisor, 
and shall consult with Franchisor or its designated affiliate before speaking to or corresponding with the media 
about any such incident. Franchisee shall otherwise comply with those portions of the safety, security and 
public relations provisions designated as required in the Standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that it is Franchisee’s sole responsibility to maintain the safety and security of its 
employees, guests and others who may be on the Hotel premises. 
5.9 
No Diverting Business. Franchisee will not use any part of the Hotel for any business other 
than operating a Brand Hotel. Franchisee may not use the Hotel or the System to promote other businesses 
