Novus FDD (03/2025) 
16 
Type of Fee(1)
Amount 
Date Due 
Remarks 
Late Gross 
Revenues Report or 
Non-Access Fee 
$100 
On demand. 
If you fail to submit a Gross 
Revenues Report when due or 
withhold 
our 
access 
to 
your 
accounting and financial systems or 
data, we will assess a $100 fee, which 
is subject to increase by up 25% each 
calendar year during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement.
Supplier 
Approval 
Actual cost we incur 
or $250, whichever 
is greater. 
On demand. 
You must reimburse us for all costs 
that we incur to determine the quality 
of the products and services you 
submit for approval.
(1) 
Except where indicated, each fee is payable to and collected by Novus and all fees are 
nonrefundable.  None of these fees are imposed by a cooperative.  They are uniformly imposed on 
our franchisees, except that franchisees signing earlier franchise agreements may have lower fees 
for some of these items. 
(2) 
The percentage royalty fee begins the date you begin operating your business, but the Minimum 
Monthly Royalty Fee does not generally begin until the 4th month after you sign the Franchise 
Agreement.  The Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee will begin at $350 the 4th month after you sign 
the Franchise Agreement and will increase to $500 in the 7th month after you sign the Franchise 
Agreement.  If you convert an existing independent glass replacement and repair business to a 
Novus® franchise, beginning on the date you sign the Franchise Agreement, you will pay us the 
greater of the monthly Royalty Fee based on your Gross Revenues or the Minimum Monthly 
Royalty Fees of $500.  If you are signing a Franchise Agreement as part of the transfer of an existing 
franchise, the higher minimum will begin immediately.  If you sign a standard Re-Franchise 
Addendum, the percentage royalty fee also begins the date you begin operating your business, and 
the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee begins the second month after you sign your Agreement.  If 
you sign a Repair Only Addendum, the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee is $300.   
(3)
The term “Gross Revenues” means your total gross dollar sales from all products and services that 
are received, billed or generated by, in, or from your business from all cash, credit, and charge sales 
made to your customers and clients, excluding any sales, use or gross receipts tax imposed by any 
federal, state, municipal, or governmental authority directly upon sales (see Article 1 of the 
Franchise Agreements).  If you sign the NAPA Co-Location Addenda, the term “Gross Revenues” 
will not include any windshield wipers and wiper fluid that are sold from the other businesses at 
the facility. 
(4)
If you fail to Re-Franchise your business at the end of the term, but continue operating your Novus®
business, in addition to any other remedies we have, you must pay us additional Royalty Fees of 
$200 per month.   
(5)
Unless we agree otherwise, you must authorize your bank to deposit the amount of your Royalty 
Fees and Marketing Contributions from your bank account directly into our bank account on a 
monthly basis by direct transfer of funds.   
(6)
We have developed a multiple store operator (“MSO”) royalty credit program (the “MSO Royalty 
Credit Program”) for franchisees that operate multiple Novus® retail locations (also referred to 
as stores).  If you or a “Related Entity” (an affiliate with the same ownership structure as you) 
operate at least 2 Retail location franchises, we may allow you to participate in the MSO Royalty 
