4 
B. 
You must, within five (5) business days of the termination or expiration, pay all sums 
owing to us and our affiliates.  In addition, you agree to pay as fair and reasonable liquidated damages 
(but not as a penalty) an amount equal to Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for each undeveloped Novus 
Business.  You agree that this amount is in addition to the Development Fees paid under this Agreement, 
and is for lost revenues from Royalty Fees and other amounts payable to us, including the fact that you 
were holding the development rights for those Novus Businesses and precluding us from developing other 
Novus Businesses in the Development Territory, and that it would be difficult to calculate with certainty 
the amount of damage we will incur.  Notwithstanding your agreement, if a court determines that this 
liquidated damages payment is unenforceable, then we may pursue all other available remedies, including 
consequential damages.   
7. 
Transfer.  The following provisions govern any transfer: 
A. 
We have the right to transfer all or any part of our rights or obligations under this 
Agreement to any person or legal entity. 
B. 
This Agreement is entered into by us with specific reliance upon your personal 
experience, skills and managerial and financial qualifications.  Consequently, this Agreement, and your 
rights and obligations under it, are and will remain personal to you.  You may only Transfer your rights 
and interests under this Agreement if you obtain our prior written consent.   
1.
As used in this Agreement, the term “Transfer” means any sale, assignment, 
lease, gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by 
judicial order, merger, consolidation, share exchange, transfer by operation of law or otherwise, 
whether direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of this Agreement or any interest in it, or any 
rights or obligations arising under it, or of any material portion of your assets, or of any interest in 
you.  You acknowledge that these provisions prohibit you from subfranchising or sublicensing 
any right you have under any agreement with us, and that your intent in entering into this 
Agreement is that you (and not any licensee or transferee) will be opening and operating the 
Novus Businesses to be developed under this Agreement.  In addition, if there are two (2) 
individuals signing this Agreement as Franchisee, and one (1) of those individuals is no longer 
involved in the ownership of the business that is developing Novus Businesses, the withdrawal of 
that person shall be considered a “Transfer.”  A “Transfer” shall also be deemed to occur when 
there are more than two (2) people listed as the Developer and there is a change of the ownership 
of the business such that less than a majority of the original signators continue to have a majority 
interest in the equity of the business. 
2.
We will not charge you any fee in connection with your Transfer of your interest 
in this Agreement.  However, as a condition to our approval of any Transfer, you must also 
transfer all Franchise Agreements you have signed for all of the Novus Businesses you have 
developed, or are in the process of developing under this Agreement to the same person or entity 
that acquires your interest in this Agreement, and you must comply with all of the conditions for 
transferring each of those agreements, including the requirement to pay a transfer fee in 
connection with the transfer of each of those agreements. 
3.
The restriction on Transfer contained in this Agreement does not apply to, or 
otherwise restrict, your right to transfer any interest in any Franchise Agreement you previously 
signed for any Novus business to be developed under this Agreement.  You may transfer those 
agreements apart from any rights you have in this Agreement, provided you comply with the 
transfer provisions of each agreement you seek to transfer.   
