ee)
“Initial Franchise Identification Package” includes an initial supply of decals, invoices, 
business cards, uniforms, and other logo items you will initially use in the operation of the 
Business. 
ff)
“Initial Glass Repair Training” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 of this Agreement. 
gg)
“Initial Glass Replacement Training” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3 of this 
Agreement.   
hh)
“Initial Marketing Start-up Package” will generally include Internet advertising, press 
releases, business announcements, direct mail advertisements, one or more prospect lists, 
local area search marketing tools, and other advertising and promotional materials that we 
deem appropriate. 
ii)
 “Key Employee” means a full-time management employee of the Business who has 
successfully completed all Required Training Programs. 
jj)
“Local Advertising Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 of this Agreement. 
kk)
“Manager” means the person who is responsible, on a full-time basis, for the day to day 
operations and the overall management of the Business. 
ll)
“Marketing Contributions” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5 of this Agreement. 
mm)
“Marketing Fund” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5(a) of this Agreement..  
nn)
“Marks” means and includes all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and 
commercial symbols we own or that are licensed to us that we license to you for use in the 
Business, including “Novus®”, “NOVUS Auto Glass®”, “Novus Auto Glass Repair and 
Replacement®”, and “Novus Glass®”. 
oo)
“Minimum Gross Revenues” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 of this Agreement. 
pp)
“Mobile Business” means that you will operate the Business exclusively from vehicles and 
will not maintain a fixed retail location from which Products and Services are offered. 
qq)
“New Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement. 
rr)
“Novus Social Media Site” means any Social Media Site, profile, account, or domain name 
relating to or making reference to us, to your Business or the Business System, that includes 
an Online Identifier.  
ss)
“Online Identifier” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5(c) of this Agreement. 
tt)
“Operations Manual” means the confidential manuals we develop that describe the 
operational standards and specifications, and the service and quality standards associated 
with the Marks and the Business System, whether distributed in hard copy or electronically 
or otherwise; 
uu)
“Owner” means any person or entity that has an Ownership Interest in the Franchisee. 
