- 25 - 
Replacement services.  If you do subcontract any Glass Replacement services, by doing so you agree that 
any and all subcontracting will be conducted only pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and will be 
subject to any and all rules and requirements regarding subcontracting that we establish from time to time, 
including but not limited to rules and regulations contained in our Operations Manual.  In addition, you 
agree that you will be solely responsible for all invoicing and collection of payments related to any 
subcontracting of services, and you will continue to be directly responsible to us for all amounts under 
this Agreement as if you had performed such Glass Replacement services yourself.  You must have 
obtained from all approved subcontractors adequate proof of worker’s compensation insurance coverage 
in accordance with the statutory requirements of the state in which you are domiciled and in which the 
services are performed.  If at any time you subcontract Glass Replacement services for which you have 
not obtained our prior approval (or any Glass Repair services), it will be considered a breach of a material 
provision of this Agreement, and we will have the right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with 
Section 15.1(d).   
11.32
Photographs and Recordings of Your Business.  We have the right, at any time, to photograph, 
and make video and other recordings of any aspect of the Business, including the Retail Location, and 
associated vehicles and signage, and to use such photographs, videos and other recordings in any 
advertising and promotional material, in any form or medium now existing or later developed.  We may 
use these items without providing notice to you or receiving your consent, and we will not be obligated to 
make attribution or to compensate you for their use.  At our request, you will cooperate with us in taking 
and arranging for such photographs, videos and other recordings, and for obtaining the necessary consents 
of or assignments from individuals depicted in or involved in such photographs, videos and other 
recordings.  You irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title, and interest, if any, in and to all such 
photographs, videos and other recordings, together with all related intellectual property rights.   
11.33
Personal Guaranty.  If you are an entity, all persons with a direct or indirect Ownership Interest 
in you that we designate (collectively, the “Personal Guarantors”) must sign the Personal Guaranty 
attached as Schedule “C” to this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 12. 
INSURANCE 
Franchisee shall purchase the following insurance policies from insurance companies with a financial 
strength rating of A or better as established by A.M. Best Company: 
12.1
General Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain general liability insurance 
including public and product liability with coverage of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per 
occurrence and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate insuring you and your officers, 
directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense 
of any kind whatsoever, including bodily injury, personal injury, death, property damage, products 
liability and all other damages resulting from: (a) the condition, operation, use, business or occupancy of 
the Business or the Retail Location and (b) the operation of any customer’s vehicle by any of your 
employees. 
