IN (Mobile) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR MOBILE BUSINESS 
FOR THE STATE OF INDIANA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all 
Novus® franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
1.
The provisions of Section 9.8 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business requiring 
a release of claims arising from your participation in our training programs will not apply to claims under 
the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act (the “Indiana Law”). 
2.
You will have the right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive relief 
relating to the alleged improper termination of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business by us or our 
alleged unreasonable refusal to consent to your Sale or Transfer of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile 
Business under Section 14.9 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business. 
3.
Any provisions of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business or any addendum 
thereto requiring a release of claims as a condition of Sale or Transfer or renewal of the Franchise will not 
apply, but you will still be bound by the other terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business and any addendum thereto. 
4.
A court of competent jurisdiction will determine (1) whether damages alone can 
adequately compensate us if there is a violation of Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile 
Business by you, your Owners or the Personal Guarantors, and (2) whether we will be required to post a 
bond or other security, and the amount of that bond or other security, in any injunctive proceeding we 
bring against you, your Owners or the Personal Guarantors. 
5.
We each recognize that the Indiana Law prohibits us (1) from unfairly competing against 
you in the Territory, or (2) from enforcing the covenant not to compete set forth in Section 18.3 of the 
Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business beyond a reasonable distance from your Retail Location or 
Territory. 
6.
Section 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business  is amended to provide that 
you are not obligated to indemnify us for any liability caused by your proper reliance on or use of 
procedures or materials we provide to you, or for liability arising from our negligence, however this 
amendment of Section 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business will not affect in any way 
your obligation to obtain and maintain insurance coverage in accordance with Article 12 of the Franchise 
Agreement for Mobile Business. 
7.
The acknowledgment by you of substantial business contacts with us in Ramsey County, 
Minnesota and the consent by you to jurisdiction and venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota contained in 
Section 20.9 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business may not apply, but that does not mean that 
venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota is improper, or that you, your Owners and the Personal Guarantors 
are not subject to jurisdiction in Ramsey County, Minnesota or in any other state. 
8.
The provisions of Section 20.9 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business requiring 
litigation to take place in Ramsey County, Minnesota will not apply if there is litigation between you and 
us. 
