Novus FDD (03/2025) 
22 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement to develop multiple Novus® businesses, you will pay 
a development fee equal to $10,500, multiplied by the number of Novus® businesses you are 
permitted to develop under that agreement.  This fee is then credited against the Initial Franchise 
Fee you would otherwise pay when you sign each individual Franchise Agreement.  There are no 
other incidental expenses you should incur as an Area Developer, as the expenses to open each 
Novus® business are accounted for in these tables. 
(2)
You will pay us an initial training fee of $14,000 for initial glass repair and glass replacement 
training.  If you sign the ProColor Amendment to your Franchise Agreement, you will pay us a 
reduced initial training fee of $10,000.  This fee allows 2 people to take the training at the same 
time.  (We will train additional people at the same time, at a reduced cost, but we have assumed 
that you would not need this training and therefore we have not included any additional training in 
our estimates.)  See Item 5.  If we conduct the test at your retail location, then you must also provide 
the vehicle and the glass, and pay our out-of-pocket costs for travel and living expenses in providing 
the test, but if you take the test at our offices, you will not need to pay us these expenses or provide 
the vehicle or glass for the test.   
(3)
These are the estimated salaries, fringe benefits, travel, auto rental, food, and lodging expenses for 
1 to 2 people to attend our required training programs.  You must send a minimum of 1 person to 
each glass repair training and glass replacement training.  The minimum assumes only the 
franchisee attends this training and does not include wages for the franchisee.  The expenses you 
actually incur could also be higher than our estimate depending on the distance the employee 
travels, the mode of transportation, your expense reimbursement policy, time of year, failure to 
purchase airline tickets in advance, hotel selection, and location of your business.   
(4)
For a franchise you operate from a retail location, you must either lease or purchase your retail 
location, which will range from 1,500 to 5,000 square feet in size.  If you purchase your retail 
location, then the cost of the real estate and building will vary depending on the market, location, 
size, and other economic factors.  Rental rates vary considerably and depend on geographic 
location, size, market conditions, and other economic factors.  We estimate that your monthly rent 
will range from $5 to $20 per square foot per year in most areas of the United States.  Thus, the 
rent for a 2,500 square foot building will be between approximately $1,000 and $4,200 per month.  
The amounts in the table reflect the rent for the first month based on these estimates.  Our estimate 
for “additional funds” includes an additional two months of rent. 
(5)
If you operate from a retail location, you will need to make leasehold improvements to your 
building.  Depending on the terms of your lease, some or all of these costs may become part of your 
monthly lease payment.  If you are converting your existing business to a Novus® business, your 
costs will usually be less than the amounts set forth in the above tables because you will (a) have 
acquired some of the furniture, fixtures, and equipment, (b) not be required, in most cases, to make 
extensive leasehold improvements to the existing premises, and (c) already own vehicles. 
(6)
The low end of these types of expenditures is estimated to be $0 where you may be converting your 
existing business to a Novus® business and already have these items which meet our specifications.
(7)
You must purchase your signage from a supplier we approve and must show us a paid receipt from 
that supplier within 30 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement. 
(8)
The stated range in these tables is for 1 Vehicle that complies with our standards and specifications, 
as we assume you will only require 1 Vehicle to begin operation of your Novus® business.   
Unless we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us 
and sign a Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with you, you must lease your first 
Vehicle from us under our Vehicle Leasing Program.  In such case, we estimate the cost will be 
$3,800 to $4,100.  This estimated range includes a $2,500 deposit and your first monthly payment 
under the Vehicle Lease Agreement, which includes a $100 administrative fee and any applicable 
