6 
(d) 
Licensee is in default of any of its obligations under the Franchise Agreement and fails to 
correct such default in accordance with the notice and cure provisions of such agreement; 
or 
(e) 
In the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership of Licensee or if Licensee 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on business. 
21. 
LICENSOR’S REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT. 
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, NF2 will have the right to exercise any or all of the 
following rights and remedies: 
(a) 
Terminate this Agreement; 
(b) 
Declare all amounts owed to NF2 pursuant to this Agreement to be immediately due and 
payable; 
(c) 
Require that Licensee cease use of the Software and immediately return the Software to 
NF2; 
(d) 
Cease performance of all of NF2’s obligations under this Agreement without liability to 
Licensee; and/or 
(e) 
Use computer hardware and/or computer software to render the Software unusable to 
Licensee. 
22. 
SOLE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION. 
This Agreement, together with any license agreements for the Software which Licensee must accept in 
order to use the Software, is the sole agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this 
Agreement and supersedes all prior understandings, writings, proposals, representations or 
communications, oral or written, of either party.  However, nothing in this or in any related agreement is 
intended to disclaim the representations made by NF2 in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to 
Licensee prior to its execution of this Agreement.  This Agreement may be amended only by a writing 
executed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW. 
This Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of Minnesota without 
reference to the place of execution or performance. 
24. 
COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. 
Licensee will indemnify NF2 for all costs that NF2 incurs in any lawsuit or proceeding to enforce this 
Agreement including, without limitation, actual attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, costs of investigation, 
court costs, litigation expenses, travel and living expenses, and all other costs incurred by NF2. 
25. 
SEVERABILITY. 
All provisions of this Agreement are severable and this Agreement will be interpreted and enforced as if 
all completely invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained in this Agreement and partially 
valid and enforceable provisions will be enforced to the extent valid and enforceable. 
