Novus FDD (03/2025) 
17 
Credit Program, which provides a Royalty Fees credit based on meeting certain quarterly sales 
goals.  See the Multiple Store Operator (MSO) Royalty Credit Program Addendum attached as 
Exhibit D-8. Franchisor reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to modify any term 
of the MSO Royalty Credit Program, or to discontinue the MSO Royalty Credit Program, at any 
time, subject to certain notice requirements. 
(7)
If there are 2 or more franchisees in your market area, we may require you to become a member of 
a local advertising group or cooperative, as further described in Item 11.  Your advertising 
payments to a local advertising group or cooperative will apply towards and not exceed your 4% 
local advertising spending requirement.  If a local advertising group or cooperative is formed that 
includes locations owned by us or our affiliates, those locations each will have the same voting 
power as the franchised locations in the advertising group or cooperative.   
(8)
Except as noted below and elsewhere in this Disclosure Document, you must purchase or lease at 
least 1 vehicle for use in the operation of your Novus® business that complies with our standards 
and specifications.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we have established a “Vehicle 
Leasing Program” that you must participate in.  To facilitate this Program, our parent, Mondofix 
USA, has entered into a master lease agreement (“Head Lease”) with Doering Leasing Co. (“Head 
Lessor”), an unrelated third party located in Brookfield, Wisconsin, under which Mondofix and 
Novus have been granted the right to lease certain vehicles and/or equipment from Head Lessor, 
and to sublease the vehicles and/or equipment to Novus® franchisees.   
Under the Vehicle Leasing Program, you must lease all of the Vehicles (defined directly below) 
you use in the operation of your Novus® business from us under a separate Vehicle Lease 
Agreement (Exhibit E to this Disclosure Document) for each Vehicle.  The term “Vehicle,” means 
the motor vehicle (a white van), together with the buildout of the vehicle, which may include 
shelving, racks and storage areas for tools and materials, an exterior graphics package, and other 
equipment and accessories, as described in each specific Vehicle Lease Agreement. 
As further described in Item 10, under each Vehicle Lease Agreement, you will pay us 60 monthly 
payments, inclusive of a $100 monthly administrative fee and any applicable taxes (except for any 
lump sum tax payments on the Vehicle), as rent for the Vehicle.  Also, if you remain in possession 
of a Vehicle after expiration of the term of the respective Vehicle Lease Agreement, all provisions 
of the Agreement will continue to apply and your monthly rental payments will continue to be 
payable in the amount and by the same day each month until you have returned the Vehicle. 
Subject to the terms of any Vehicle Lease Agreements we enter into with you and other Novus®
franchisees, we have the right to modify or discontinue the Vehicle Leasing Program, and to change 
the head lessor or vehicle supplier, the terms of any leasing arrangements, and the standards and 
specifications of the vehicles you must use in the operation of your Novus® business, upon 30 days’ 
written notice to you.   
Notwithstanding the above, if we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you 
lease Vehicles from us due to supply chain issues, logistics or some other reason, you must sign an 
addendum to your Franchise Agreement (“Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum”) 
under which you will be allowed to purchase or lease Vehicles from third parties for up to 3 years 
before signing our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement and leasing all of the Vehicles for your 
Novus® business from us.  In such case, until you sign a Vehicle Lease Agreement with us, you 
will not pay to us the Vehicle lease payments described in this Item 6, but will make Vehicle-related 
payments to third parties.  In addition, as described in the Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement 
Addendum, at the time you sign our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement, you must pay to us the 
