- 31 - 
(e)
are involved in any act or conduct that materially impairs the goodwill associated with 
the Marks or the Business System and you fail to correct the breach within 24 hours of receiving 
written notice of the breach from us, or within the time specified by law; or  
(f)
fail or refuse to produce your financial and business records for audit by us or withhold 
access to your accounting and financial systems or data as required by Section 13.4, revoke any 
electronic funds transfer or direct debt authorization granted to us, or initiate any stop payments 
against us, and such failure continues for ten (10) days after notice to you. 
15.3
Liquidated Damages For Abandonment.  If this Agreement is terminated prior to the 
expiration of the Term pursuant to Section 15.2(d) by reason of your abandonment of the Business, then, 
in addition to and without limitation of all of your other obligations herein that arise upon the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement, including without limitation your post-term covenant not to compete set 
forth in Section 18.3, you shall pay to us, as liquidated damages on account of your abandonment, and not 
as a penalty, an amount equal to the then-net present value of sixty (60) times the average monthly 
Royalty Fees that were due and payable on the Gross Revenues of the Business over the last full twelve 
(12) months prior to termination (or if you have not operated the Business for twelve (12) months, then 
the period from the first full month following the opening of the Business until the month prior to 
termination of this Agreement).  If the breach occurs at a time when there are less than sixty (60) months 
remaining on the Term, the multiple shall be reduced to the remaining months on the Term.  The 
liquidated damages shall be full and complete compensation for any damages that we would have 
suffered for your failure to fulfil the complete Term.  Any debt of Franchisee for any Royalty Fee, 
product purchases, or any other fees or costs unpaid at the time of termination, will remain owed in 
addition to the agreed upon liquidated damages.  The parties agree that it would be extremely difficult or 
impractical to fix the amount of actual damages in advance because of uncertainties in the marketplace 
and differing circumstances that might exist at the time of breach, including without limitation uncertainly 
as to the value to us for having a Business in a particular region or area, the exposure of the brand and 
Marks to the public, and marketing of prospective franchises to potentially interested parties.  The parties 
have therefore made a reasonable endeavor to estimate fair compensation for the loss that would be 
sustained upon your breach of this Agreement and abandonment of the Business prior to the expiration of 
the Term.  The parties further agree that the above-mentioned damages are reasonable and such would 
have a reasonable relationship to the actual damages, if such could be precisely determined.
15.4
Other Remedies.  Nothing in this Agreement will preclude us from seeking other remedies 
against or damages from you under state or federal laws, common law, or under this Agreement, 
including attorneys’ fees and injunctive relief.  If we terminate this Agreement under this ARTICLE 15, 
or if you breach this Agreement by a wrongful termination or a termination that does not comply with the 
terms and conditions of ARTICLE 16 of this Agreement, then we will be entitled to seek recover from 
you all damages that we have sustained and will sustain in the future as a result of your breach of this 
Agreement.
YOUR TERMINATION RIGHTS 
16.1
Termination for Our Breach.  You have the right to terminate this Agreement if you comply 
fully with this ARTICLE 16 and we violate any material provision, term or condition of this Agreement. 
16.2
Notice and Opportunity to Cure.  You will not have the right to terminate this Agreement 
unless and until: (a) you give us written notice setting forth the alleged breach in detail; and (b) we fail to 
correct the alleged breach within 30 days after receiving this written notice.
