Novus FDD (03/2025) 
6 
2018 to September 2022 he served as Fix Auto Canada Inc.’s Regional Vice President of Ontario. 
Cameron Mitchell – Director of Marketing and Communications Marketing 
Ms. Mitchell has been our Director of Marketing and Communications since April 2024. From 2019 to 
March 2024, Ms. Mitchell served as the Senior Marketing Manager at Driven Brands, an automotive 
services company based in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
We are not a party to any litigation required to be disclosed in this FDD.   
The below matters relate to our predecessor NFI. 
Concluded Litigation: 
Novus Franchising, Inc. v. Michael L. Dawson and CarMike, Inc., United States District Court, District of 
Minnesota, No. 12-529 JRT/JJG, filed February 29, 2012.  Mr. Dawson is a former franchisee of NFI whose 
franchise was terminated by NFI as a result of his breach.  When he continued operating a glass repair and 
replacement business following the termination, NFI brought this action against him and his company for 
amounts he owed NFI, and for violating NFI’s covenant not to compete.  NFI also sought a preliminary 
injunction against him to keep him from operating, pending a full trial on NFI’s claim for breach of the 
non-compete agreement.  Mr. Dawson then brought a counterclaim against NFI, alleging NFI violated the 
Minnesota Franchise Act and committed fraud in the sale of a franchise.  He alleged that when his franchise 
agreement was expiring, the only reason he renewed the agreement was because of an oral promise that he 
would have a right of first refusal for any new franchise in his market so that he could prevent other 
franchisees from entering his market.  His franchise agreement only restricted NFI from granting a franchise 
within 1 mile of his location, and NFI did, in fact, grant another franchise in the market outside that radius.  
Mr. Dawson asked the Court to rescind his franchise agreement and award him unspecified lost profits 
through 2018.  In August 2013, NFI negotiated a settlement with Mr. Dawson and his company.  Under the 
settlement, Mr. Dawson and his company agreed to a limited covenant not to compete.  NFI released 
substantially all other claims against him, and he released all his claims against NFI.  
Novus Franchising, Inc. v. Superior Entrance Systems, Inc., Superior Glass, Inc., and Knute R. Pedersen, 
United States District Court, Western District of Wisconsin, Civil Case No. 12-CV-204, filed March 27, 
2012.  NFI brought this action against a former franchisee of NFI’s to collect approximately $12,600 owed 
to NFI under the franchise agreement, to prohibit NFI’s former franchisee from using NFI’s trademarks, 
and to enforce the non-compete agreement under NFI’s franchise agreement.  NFI’s former franchisee filed 
its Answer and Counterclaim in April 2012.  They claimed NFI breached the franchise agreement and as a 
result, they asked for a refund of all the fees they paid NFI.  They also claimed NFI made false statements 
regarding the scope of a non-compete provisions of the agreement, and that as a result, they should be able 
to rescind the franchise agreement, without liability, and not be bound by the non-compete provision.  In 
late 2012, the Court issued its order, upholding NFI’s non-compete agreement, and in January 2013, it 
entered judgment in NFI’s favor against NFI’s former franchisee for $12,600, and it enjoined them from 
violating the covenant not to compete, as modified by the Court, for 2 years.  The Court also rejected all 
the counterclaims against NFI.  A month later, the Court entered judgment in NFI favor for attorneys’ fees.  
NFI’s former franchisee appealed, but the matter was settled in October 2013, with the former franchisee 
continuing to be bound by the non-compete agreement, and making a total payment to NFI of $100,000. 
In 2024, neither we nor our affiliates initiated any lawsuits against franchisees. 
