1 
NOVUS FRANCHISING 2 LLC POINT OF SALE 
SOFTWARE SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT 
1.
PARTIES. 
This SOFTWARE SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into effective as of the 
_______ day of ______________, 20__ (the “Effective Date”), by and between NOVUS 
FRANCHISING 2 LLC, (“NF2”), a Delaware limited liability company, and  
 
, a(n)   
 (the “Licensee”). 
2. 
SOFTWARE. 
NF2 has the right and authority to sublicense to Licensee point of sale software that is licensed to NF2 by 
a third party software provider (“Licensor”), for use in connection with the operation of Licensee’s 
franchised Novus® business (“Novus Business”). “Software” means all point of sale software products 
supplied to Licensee by NF2 in a machine-readable form (i.e. object code). “Software” will also include 
any documentation, instructions and other material related to the Software provided by NF2 in machine-
readable or printed form. “Software” will include error corrections supplied by NF2 pursuant to this 
Agreement, and will include enhancements, upgrades and other modifications to the Software developed 
by Licensor after the date of this Agreement and made available to NF2 under its license agreement with 
Licensor. “Software” will not include any stand-alone modules developed for use in connection with the 
Software. Licensee will not be supplied with or have access to the source code for the Software. 
3. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. 
Licensee has signed a Franchise Agreement with NF2 on or before the date of this Agreement (the 
“Franchise Agreement”).  Under the Franchise Agreement Licensee operates or will operate the Novus 
Business. Licensee desires to obtain a sublicense from NF2 to use the Software in connection with the 
operation of the Novus Business. 
4. 
HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE. 
Licensee has independently acquired, at its sole expense, prior to or concurrently with delivery of the 
Software by NF2, computer hardware and peripheral equipment, operating system software, and other 
computer hardware and software to support the operation of the Software (“Equipment”).  Licensee will, 
at its sole expense, acquire such other hardware or third-party software as may be required to support the 
Software used in connection with the operation of the Novus Business, and will pay all license or user 
fees payable with respect to any software required to support the operation of the Software.  Licensee 
acknowledges that Licensee has received a list of designated Equipment approved by NF2 to support the 
Software.  Licensee acknowledges that where Licensee does not acquire and use designated Equipment, 
NF2 may not provide Support Services (as defined in Paragraph 6(b)) to Licensee and the provisions of 
Section 6 will apply. 
5. 
GRANT OF LICENSE. 
NF2 grants to Licensee a non-exclusive and non-transferable sublicense to use one (1) copy of the 
Software on a single computer (one CPU) authorized by NF2 in connection with the operation of the 
Novus Business, as defined in the Franchise Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, any and all license agreements with Licensor for the Software which Licensee must accept in 
order to use the Software, and the terms and conditions of the Online Services Agreement between NF2 
and Licensor.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Online Services Agreement 
between NF2 and Licensor, and Licensee agrees to comply with all of those terms as if they were 
