MN (ADA) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Novus® franchises 
offered and sold in the State of Minnesota, or to a resident of Minnesota. 
1.
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Minnesota Department of Commerce 
has required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial franchise fees or development fees owed by 
franchisees shall be deferred until the business opens. 
2.
Section 5 of the Area Development Agreement will be amended to require that notice 
will be given to you at least 90 days before we terminate the Area Development Agreement, and you will 
have 60 days after receiving that notice to correct the breach specified in the notice. 
3.
A court of competent jurisdiction will determine whether we are required to post a bond 
or other security to obtain an injunction against you, your Owners or Personal Guarantors, and the amount 
of the bond or other security. 
4.
The provisions requiring waiver of a right to a jury trial or punitive damages, or payment 
of liquidated damages are deleted from the Area Development Agreement. 
5.
Any limitation on the time for bringing claims shall not apply to any claims you may 
have under Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17. 
6.
Any provisions of the Area Development Agreement or any addendum thereto requiring 
a general release will not apply, but you will still be bound by the other terms and conditions of the Area 
Development Agreement and any addendum thereto. 
7.
“Non-sufficient funds” checks are governed by Minnesota Statute 604.113, which puts a 
cap of $30 on immediate service charges. 
8.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of 
Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 are met 
independently without reference to this addendum. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this addendum as of the date the Area 
Development Agreement was executed. 
