IN (ADA) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF INDIANA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Novus® franchises 
offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
1.
You will have the right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive relief 
relating to the alleged improper termination of this Agreement by us or our alleged unreasonable refusal 
to consent to your Transfer of the Area Development Agreement under Section 7 of the Area 
Development Agreement. 
2.
A court of competent jurisdiction will determine (1) whether damages alone can 
adequately compensate us if there is a violation of your noncompete obligations, and (2) whether we will 
be required to post a bond or other security, and the amount of that bond or other security, in any 
injunctive proceeding we bring against you, your Owners or the Personal Guarantors. 
3.
We each recognize that the Indiana Deceptive Practices Act (the “Indiana Law”) 
prohibits us (1) from unfairly competing against you in the Development Territory, or (2) from enforcing 
any covenant not to compete beyond a reasonable distance from the Development Territory. 
4.
The indemnification provisions are amended to provide that you are not obligated to 
indemnify us for any liability caused by your proper reliance on or use of procedures or materials we 
provide to you, or for liability arising from our negligence. 
5.
Your acknowledgment of substantial business contacts with us in Ramsey County, 
Minnesota and your consent to jurisdiction and venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota may not apply, but 
that does not mean that venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota is improper, or that you, your Owners and 
the Personal Guarantors are not subject to jurisdiction in Ramsey County, Minnesota or in any other state. 
6.
Any provisions requiring litigation to take place in Ramsey County, Minnesota will not 
apply if there is litigation between you and us. 
7.
You will always have up to two years to bring an action against us for a violation of the 
Indiana Law, and up to three years from the date of discovery to bring an action against us for a violation 
of the Indiana Law. 
8.
You do not, by signing the Area Development Agreement, waive your rights under 
Indiana Law with respect to any representations we made before the date of the Area Development 
Agreement. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Indiana franchise laws are met independently without 
reference to this addendum. 
