MD 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS®
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT  
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
1. 
The release of claims required upon the renewal, sale, assignment or transfer of your 
franchise will not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, 
Md. Ann. Code, Article 56, §345 et. seq. 
2. 
The Uniform Consent to Service of Process which Novus must file pursuant to Section 14-
216(25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law requires that we be available for suit 
in Maryland; consequently, you may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law, but any claims arising under that law must be brought within three years 
after the grant of the franchise. 
3. 
The page titled “Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise” is 
amended to include the following: 
Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise 
Sales Performance Required. You must maintain minimum sales 
performance levels.  Your inability to maintain these levels may result in loss 
of any territorial rights you are granted, termination of your franchise, and 
loss of your investment. 
4. 
The following is added to Item 17:  Provisions allowing for termination on bankruptcy may 
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
5.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
6.  
The following is added to Item 5: Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland 
Securities Commissioner has required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed 
by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the 
franchise agreement.  In addition, all development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be 
deferred until the first franchise under the development agreement opens. 
