NY (ADA) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Novus® franchises 
offered and sold or operated in the State of New York. 
1.
The indemnification provisions will be amended to provide that you are not required to 
indemnify us against claims arising out of our breach of contract, negligence or other civil wrong. 
2.
The choice of law provisions of the Area Development Agreement will not be considered 
a waiver of any right you are given under Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New 
York. 
3.
Any release required in the Area Development Agreement or any addendum thereto and 
the choice of law provisions of the Area Development Agreement will not be considered a waiver of any 
right you are given under Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York. 
4.
Section 7 will be amended to provide that no assignment shall be made except to an 
assignee who in good faith and judgment of the Franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the 
Franchisor’s obligations under the Area Development Agreement. 
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
6.
Any sale made must be in compliance with Section 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act 
(N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. Section 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure 
Document (offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made.  
New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the 
first personal meeting, ten (10 business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or 
the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of 
new York are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
[Signatures on next page] 
