MD (Mobile) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR MOBILE BUSINESS 
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all 
Novus® franchises offered and sold in the State of Maryland, or to a resident of Maryland. 
1.
Section 14-216(c)(25) of Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, Md. Ann. 
Code, Article—Business Regulation, Title 14, Section 14-201 et seq. (the “Maryland Law”) requires us to 
file an irrevocable consent to be sued in Maryland and so your consent to jurisdiction and venue in 
Ramsey County, Minnesota contained in Section 20.9 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business 
will not apply, and you may sue us in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Law. 
2.
Any provisions of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business or any addendum 
thereto requiring a release of claims as a condition of the Sale or Transfer or renewal of the Franchise will 
not apply to any liability under the Maryland Law; however, in that case, you will remain liable under the 
Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business and any addendum thereto. 
3.
Any provision of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business that requires you to 
disclaim the occurrence and/or acknowledge the non-occurrence of acts that would be a violation of the 
Maryland Law in order to purchase the Franchise will not act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any 
liability we have under the Maryland Law.  Any claims arising under the Maryland Law must be brought 
within three years of the grant of the Franchise. 
4.
Paragraph C of the Introduction, and Sections 22.1, 22.2, 22.5 and 22.6  of the Franchise 
Agreement for Mobile Business are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following 
language: “[Intentionally Deleted].” 
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of 
Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
6.
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner 
has required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be 
deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement.   
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Law are met independently without 
reference to this addendum. 
[Signatures on next page] 
