Novus FDD (03/2025) 
7 
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.   
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Initial Franchise Fee 
The amount of the Initial Franchise Fee for all Novus® franchises is $10,500.  If you are an active member 
of the United States military, or have been honorably discharged from the United States military, we will 
reduce the fee for the first franchise you acquire by $1,000.  If you are reacquiring your franchise, you do 
not pay any Initial Franchise Fee to us, but you must pay a Re-Franchise Fee of $4,000 for the first franchise, 
and $2,500 for all additional Novus® businesses you re-franchise at the same time.  If you sign the ProColor 
Amendment to your Franchise Agreement, you will pay us a reduced Initial Franchise Fee of $2,500. 
We currently offer certain programs to qualified Novus® franchisees that purchase additional Novus®
businesses. If you are an existing franchisee operating a Novus® business in good standing (including 
current on all fees payable to us, our affiliates, and vendors) and you are purchasing an additional Novus®
business: (i) within a different territory than your current Novus® business, we will reduce the Initial 
Franchise Fee for the second and subsequent franchise to $5,250 (mobile or retail); or (ii) within the same 
territory as your current Novus® business (retail only), we will waive the Initial Franchise Fee of $10,500 
for the second and subsequent Novus® business.  A reduced Initial Franchise Fee only applies to a Franchise 
Agreement you enter into with us during the time we offer the applicable program.  We may modify or 
terminate these programs at any time, but no modification or termination will affect any Franchise 
Agreement you sign during the time the applicable program is offered. 
The Repair Only Addendum is only offered to you if you are reacquiring your existing Repair Only 
franchise.  In that situation, you do not pay any Initial Franchise Fee to us, but you must pay a Re-Franchise 
Fee of $3,000 for the first franchise, and $2,000 for all additional Novus® businesses you re-franchise at 
the same time.  
We currently offer a reduced Initial Fee of $7,000 to franchisees that sign the 5-Year NAPA Co-Location 
Addendum.  
The Initial Franchise Fee is payable in full to us at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement.  Except as 
described below, these fees are not refundable. 
We also offer Area Development Agreements to develop multiple (2 or more) Novus® businesses.  The 
development fee you pay under the Area Development Agreement is $10,500, multiplied by the number of 
Novus® businesses you are permitted to develop under the Area Development Agreement.  You pay this 
fee to us at the time you sign the Area Development Agreement.  These development fees are not 
refundable, but we will credit $10,500 of the development fee against the Initial Franchise Fee you pay 
when you sign each individual Franchise Agreement.   
Initial Training and Testing Fees 
You must pay us the applicable Initial Training Fees at the earlier of when you sign your Franchise 
Agreement or the first day that you or your employees attend training.  These fees are not refundable.  
