Novus FDD (03/2025) 
5 
Companies other than Novus market products that compete directly with the Novus® business in this 
Disclosure Document. You will compete in your business with other national and regional systems, both 
company-owned and franchised, and with independent businesses, some of which offer only the services 
you will offer, and some of which offer other automotive or glass services in addition to the services you 
will be offering.   
The products and services offered by a Novus® business are used by the general public and businesses for 
the repair and replacement of automotive, commercial and residential glass, and other glass related products 
and services that we approve.  Potential customers include individual automobile owners, automobile 
dealerships, automobile rental agencies, trucking companies, fleet owners, automotive body shops, 
commercial building owners, residential homeowners, and insurance companies.  Sales of products and 
services by a Novus® business tend to vary on a seasonal basis and are generally lower during the winter 
months in northern areas. 
There are state laws in effect in a number of states that are specific to the after-market automotive industry, 
and/or to glass repair or replacement services.  In some states you must be licensed to perform windshield 
repair and replacement services.  Some states have laws restricting the rebates, gifts or incentives you can 
give to customers.  For additional information about these laws, and to determine whether these laws exist 
in your state, contact your state Attorney General’s office.  There are also federal laws that prohibit certain 
activities on the part of motor vehicle repair businesses, including actions that would defraud consumers or 
render parts of their vehicle inoperative.  In addition, you must comply with federal, state and local 
environmental, occupational safety and health, and related laws and regulations that apply to the handling, 
storage, use, and application of the resins and chemicals you use in your Novus® business.   
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE  
Steve Leal – President 
Mr. Leal has been our President since our formation in May 2017.  He has served as President of Mondofix 
USA LLC since August 2017.  He has served as President of ProColor Collision USA LLC since April 
2020.  Mr. Leal also has served as the President of Fix Auto Canada Inc., since January 2013, and of our 
parent, Mondofix, since March 2014.     
Scott Bridges – Senior Vice President 
Mr. Bridges has been our Senior Vice President since December 2022.  From November 2020 to December 
2022, Mr. Bridges served as our Vice President.  From October 1998 to November 2020, Mr. Bridges 
served as the Vice President of Hertz Corp., a Car Rental company located in Denver, Colorado. 
Daniel Hogg – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Hogg has been our Chief Financial Officer since our formation in May 2017.  He has served as Chief 
Financial Officer of Mondofix USA LLC since August 2017.  He has served as Chief Financial Officer of 
ProColor Collision USA LLC, since April 2020.  Mr. Hogg also has served as Chief Financial Officer of 
Fix Auto Canada Inc., since February 2013 and of our parent, Mondofix, since March 2014.   
Daryll O’Keefe – Vice President of Strategic Business Development for North America 
Mr. O’Keefe has been our Vice President of Strategic Business Development for North America since 
February 2025. Prior to his new title, Mr. O’Keefe served as the Senior Vice President for Ontario, Atlantic, 
and Western Canada of Fix Auto Canada Inc. from September 2022 to January 2025 and from November 
