- 15 - 
renovation of the Retail Location.  You must pay all costs and expenses incurred for any construction or 
remodeling of the Retail Location and premises. 
8.5
Our Option to View Retail Location.  You will submit plans and specifications for the Retail 
Location to us for our review before beginning construction or remodeling.  We may, at our expense, 
view the Retail Location during construction or renovation at such times as we deem necessary for the 
purpose of determining the progress of construction or renovation and to determine whether the interior 
and exterior of the premises have the physical appearance generally associated with the Marks and 
Business System.  Our review of your plans and specifications, and our viewing of the Retail Location 
during construction or renovation will not be for the purposes of determining that the Retail Location is 
being constructed or renovated: (a) according to the plans and specifications; (b) in compliance with 
applicable laws or ordinances; or (c) in a quality manner.  We will have no responsibility or liability to 
you or to any other party if the Retail Location is not constructed or renovated according to the plans and 
specifications, in compliance with applicable federal, state or local laws or ordinances, or in a 
workmanlike manner. 
8.6
Relocation.  You may, with our prior written approval, relocate the Retail Location to another 
location within the Territory during the Term, provided that the proposed new location is not within two 
miles of any stand-alone (as opposed to approved Affiliate) “Novus®” business that is managed, owned, 
or operated by us or by any franchisee of ours.  However, the “new” location, including the building and 
premises, must comply with all applicable provisions of this Agreement and with our then-current 
specifications.  Relocation of the Retail Location under this provision will not change or alter the 
Territory. 
8.7
Catastrophes.  If the Retail Location is damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty, then you 
will, within 30 days after the damage or destruction, initiate the repairs and reconstruction necessary to 
restore and reopen the premises. 
ARTICLE 9. 
TRAINING 
9.1
Initial Training.  We will provide an initial training program (the “Initial Training Program”) 
for you and one employee you designate (provided your employee takes the training at the same time you 
do).  The Initial Training program will be held at a Novus regional training center in St. Paul, Minnesota, 
or at another location we designate.  The Initial Training Program will include classroom and/or hands-on 
instruction in basic business operations, understanding the automotive industry, accounting and 
bookkeeping procedures, reporting requirements, business planning and goal setting, selling and 
marketing techniques, customer service, quality control, equipment operation and maintenance, 
conducting sales calls and presentations, and other business, financial and marketing topics we select.  If 
you are not serving as the full-time manager of the Business, the Business must at all times be under the 
supervision of a full-time manager who has completed the Initial Training Program.   
9.2
Initial Glass Repair Training.  We will provide initial Glass Repair training (the “Initial Glass 
Repair Training”) for you and one employee you designate (provided your employee takes the training 
at the same time you do).  The Initial Glass Repair Training will be held in St. Paul, Minnesota, or at 
another location we designate.  It will include classroom and on the job training in Glass Repair, 
including varieties and types of windshield damage, repair capabilities, the “Novus®” system for Glass 
Repairs and related services.  The Initial Glass Repair Training will last between five and one-half and 
eight days. 
