3.
If approved by us, you shall be permitted to use and advertise the trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, logos, or commercial symbols of the Other 
Businesses, either separate from or jointly with, the Marks.  Such approval may 
be revoked at any time, in our sole discretion, upon written notice to you. 
8.
Facility Signage.  Section 11.7 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following 
sentences at the end of the Section: 
The exterior signage required to be installed at the Retail Location, per the 
previously mentioned requirements, shall be installed at the Facility, per our 
specifications and written approval, and, once installed, must be maintained in a 
state of good repair and maintenance consistent with the requirements described 
above.  We have the right to approve (to be granted or withheld in our sole 
discretion) all signage bearing the Marks at the Facility.  Unless otherwise 
approved by us in writing (in our sole discretion) all signage bearing the Marks 
shall be of a size at least equal to that of the signage for the Other Businesses at 
the Facility.  No sign, logo or advertising media of any kind, to which we object 
as being inconsistent with the image and goodwill of the Marks, the Business, 
and/or the Business System, shall be displayed in or upon the Facility.  
9.
Facility Maintenance and Cleanliness.  Section 11.8 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by 
adding the following sentences at the end of the Section: 
Additionally, you shall, or shall ensure that Your Related Parties shall, at your or 
Your Related Parties expense, maintain the premises of the Facility in a high 
degree of cleanliness, tidiness, repair, safety and condition.  To the extent any of 
the shared spaces in the Facility do not meet our minimum qualifications for such 
amenities, you shall make, or ensure that Your Related Parties make, all 
additions, alterations, repairs and replacements as may be reasonably required for 
that purpose, or as may be required by us. 
10.
Our Right to Review.  The first sentence of Section 11.12 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted 
and replaced with the following sentence: 
We or our representatives will have the right, including the rights enumerated 
below, at all times to inspect: (a) the Retail Location; (b) the Facility; (c) your 
vehicles; and (d) your inventory.  Such rights are limited to those related to or 
used in the Business, as well as any parts of Other Businesses which are 
customer facing.   
The last four sentences of Section 11.12 of the Franchise Agreement are deleted and replaced 
with the following sentences: 
You, and Your Related Parties, as applicable, agree that we have the right to take 
photographs, and make video, digital and/or audio recordings during any 
inspection we make.  We also may interview and otherwise communicate with 
customers of the Business or Other Businesses.  We expect you and your staff, 
