3 
Equipment improperly, carelessly, or in violation of this Lease or any applicable law, rule, regulation or 
government order. 
B. 
LESSEE will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Equipment or permit to exist any lien or 
encumbrance of any kind on any of its rights under this Lease or on the Equipment. 
C. 
LESSEE will pay all license or registration fees, assessments, charges or taxes which now or hereafter 
may be imposed with regard to ownership, liens, possession or use of the Equipment. 
D. 
LESSEE will maintain, service and repair the Equipment at its sole cost and expense (including all parts, 
supplies and labor). 
E. 
LESSEE will furnish to LESSOR such information concerning the condition, use and operation of the 
Equipment as LESSOR may reasonably request and will permit any person designated by LESSOR to inspect the 
Equipment and any records maintained in connection with the Equipment or this Lease. 
F. 
LESSEE will not modify the Equipment without LESSOR’S prior written consent. LESSEE will remove 
all such modifications upon termination of this Lease or at such earlier time, if any, as LESSOR may demand 
removal if, in LESSOR’S reasonable opinion, such modifications interfere with the normal, satisfactory or safe 
operation of the Equipment. 
G. 
LESSEE acknowledges that the Equipment and related materials, information and instructions contain 
proprietary and confidential information. Accordingly, LESSEE will keep in confidence, and not disclose to any 
person, all printed material, information and instructions concerning the Equipment and will not permit anyone to 
inspect or use the Equipment other than authorized employees whose duties require such inspection or use. 
H. 
LESSEE at all times will, at its own expense, maintain general liability, public liability, property damage 
liability, and all-risk hazard insurance with respect to the Equipment in form and amounts reasonably acceptable 
to LESSOR and naming both LESSOR and LESSEE as insureds. As between LESSOR and LESSEE, all 
proceeds of such insurance will belong to LESSOR, subject to LESSOR’S obligations under Paragraph 11 of this 
Lease. The policies of insurance will not require that LESSOR’S recovery be reduced or impaired because an 
occurrence insured against is caused by an act or omission of LESSEE. All insurance will be on terms and for 
amounts satisfactory to LESSOR and will contain the insurer’s agreement to provide at least 30 days’ written 
notice to LESSOR prior to cancellation. LESSEE will deliver certificates of such insurance to LESSOR upon 
request. 
9. 
REIMBURSEMENT OF LESSOR’S EXPENSE:  If LESSEE breaches any of its obligations under Paragraph 
3.B, 8.C, 8.H, or 11 of this Lease, or fails to pay any other charges or to incur any other costs required by this Lease, 
LESSOR may at its sole option undertake such obligations, make such payments, or incur such costs, and LESSEE will 
reimburse LESSOR for the same upon demand. Any such amounts not promptly reimbursed will bear simple interest at a 
rate equal to the lesser of the maximum legal interest rate allowable in the state in which LESSEE’S business is located or 
one and one-half percent per month. 
10. 
OWNERSHIP: At all times during the term of this Lease, title to and ownership of all Equipment is and will 
remain in LESSOR. LESSOR may mark the equipment to indicate its interest in the Equipment. 
11. 
LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF EQUIPMENT:  If any of the Equipment is (in LESSOR’S sole judgment) totally 
or partially lost, damaged or destroyed, LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR, a lost equipment fee for each piece of Equipment 
that is lost, stolen or destroyed. The amount of this fee (the “Lost Equipment Fee”) shall be determined by LESSOR in 
accordance with its then current standards for replacement of Equipment. If this Lease has not terminated or expired, 
LESSOR shall ship comparable replacement Equipment to LESSEE upon receipt of the Lost Equipment Fee, which 
Equipment shall be leased to LESSEE for the remaining term of this Lease in accordance with the provisions hereof. If 
