- 24 - 
($1,000,000), insuring you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from any and all loss, 
liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever resulting from the use, operation or 
maintenance of the vehicle; (iv) GAP insurance covering the total loan amount. If offered, you will also 
have adequate uninsured motorist insurance coverage.  To the extent you are not required to lease the 
vehicles it uses in the operation of the Business from us, or for any other automobiles or vehicles owned 
or used by you or any of your employees (including automobiles owned or leased by any of your 
employees) in connection with the Business and not leased from us, you must purchase and maintain 
vehicle/automobile insurance coverage that meets the foregoing minimum requirements.  
12.4
Property Insurance, Fire and Extended Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain “all 
risks” property insurance coverage, which must include fire and extended coverage, vandalism and 
malicious mischief coverage, garage keepers’ coverage for the Mobile Business, inventory, machinery 
and equipment you own or lease for the Business, including flood, earthquake, sewer-backup, and boiler 
and machinery coverage.  Your property insurance policy (including fire and extended coverage) must 
have coverage limits of at least “replacement” value plus any leasehold improvements or other additions, 
improvements, personal property, and equipment.
12.5
Umbrella Liability Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain umbrella liability insurance 
with a minimum coverage amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) that will provide additional 
liability insurance coverage for any liability incurred by you in excess of the primary liability insurance 
coverage you carry under your general liability insurance, auto vehicle liability insurance, and employer’s 
liability insurance policies. 
12.6
Worker’s Compensation Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain worker’s compensation 
insurance covering your employees who are injured in the course of employment, as well as your liability 
insurance having primary limits of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease 
per employee, One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease in aggregate, and One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by accident.  
12.7
Environmental Liability Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain environmental liability 
insurance in an amount no less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per claim and in the annual 
aggregate covering you for garage operation and premises exploitation and activities under this 
Agreement. This insurance shall cover pollution conditions resulting from the Services furnished by you 
during the policy period that result in bodily injury or property damage, or which necessitate clean-up, 
remediation, or rehabilitation of property. 
12.8
Other Insurance.  The insurance coverage set forth in this Agreement only describes the 
minimum insurance we require you to obtain.  It is your obligation to determine whether it needs to carry 
other insurance, or higher levels of insurance either by law or because of the nature of your business or 
any contract you have signed.  We reserve the right to require you to obtain additional insurance coverage 
as may be specified by us from time to time. 
12.9
Our Rights.  All insurance policies we require you to obtain must name us as an additional 
named insured, and provide that we will receive copies of all notices of changes in these policies, or 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or coverage reduction or elimination, at least thirty (30) days before any 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or change takes effect.  At least ten (10) days before operating the Business, 
annually thereafter, immediately after changing any insurance coverage, or at any time upon our request, 
you must provide us with certificates of insurance confirming you have obtained all the insurance 
coverage we require.  If you fail or refuse to maintain the insurance coverage we require, or fail to timely 
provide us evidence of this coverage, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain the required 
insurance coverage.  You will promptly sign all applications and other documents required to obtain the 
