- 20 - 
set forth in this Section 11.12.  We expect you and your staff to co-operate fully with any such inspection.  
You are responsible for obtaining any consent(s) required in carrying out the obligations of this Section 
11.12. 
11.13
Intentionally omitted.   
11.14
Compliance with Applicable Laws.  You shall, at your expense, comply with all Applicable 
Laws.  You shall, at your expense, be responsible for determining all drivers and other licenses and 
permits required by Applicable Law for the Business and for your employees, for obtaining all licenses 
and permits, and for complying with all Applicable Laws. 
11.15
Payment of Taxes and Other Obligations.  You shall be responsible for the prompt filing and 
payment of all Taxes.  You shall timely pay all of your liquidated obligations and liabilities due and 
payable to us, and to your suppliers, lessors and other creditors, including obligations to pay suppliers for 
Products and Services. 
11.16
Reimbursement of Our Taxes.  We will pay our own corporate income and other taxes.  
However, if any “franchise” or other tax that is based on the Gross Revenues, receipts, sales, business 
activities or operation of the Business (“franchise tax”) is imposed upon us by any taxing authority 
(including any sales, income or related tax imposed upon us by the state in which the Business is located 
as a result of any royalties or other fees you pay to us), then you will, upon receiving written notice, 
reimburse us in an amount equal to the amount of the tax and related costs imposed on us. 
11.17
Uniforms.  You and your employees will wear the uniforms and standard attire we specify, and 
maintain those uniforms in a clean condition.  You will assure that all employees practice good personal 
hygiene. 
11.18
Business Hours.  The Business will be open for business (at a minimum) from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 
p.m. Monday through Friday, or during such other minimum business hours we specify. 
11.19
Employees.  You are responsible for recruiting, hiring and training all persons employed to 
operate the Business.  It is your responsibility to determine who you hire, how much to compensate them, 
the terms of their employment and working conditions, when and how to discipline those individuals, and 
when and how to terminate their employment.  It is also your obligation to supervise these people, to set 
their work schedules, and to maintain their employment records, and to perform all administrative 
functions for the Business related to the employment of your personnel.  You will inform your employees 
that they are your employees and not our employees or agents.  We will have no right to direct your 
employees.   
11.20
Operation of Business by Trained Personnel.  When you or your Manager are not on duty, you 
will have at least one employee on duty that has successfully completed the Required Training Programs 
necessary to be certified by us as “Factory Trained.” At least half of your employees must at all times 
have successfully completed the training required to be certified by us as “Factory Trained.”  You will at 
all times have at least one full-time employee (who may be the Franchisee if the Franchisee is an 
individual) who has successfully completed all the Required Training Programs.  You will at all times 
have a sufficient number of adequately trained and competent personnel on duty to guarantee efficient 
service to your customers and clients to comply with our customer service standards. 
11.21
Security Interest.  To secure the payment of the fees and your obligations set forth herein, you 
grant us security interest in the receivables, inventory, equipment, and other assets of the Business, 
whether now existing or hereinafter created, together with all proceeds of such assets.  You authorize us 
