- 8 - 
(d)
Timing. The Initial Fee will be due and payable when you sign this Agreement. 
(e)
Non-Refundable.  The Initial Fee will be fully earned by us at the time you sign this 
Agreement and is not refundable.  
5.2
Initial Training Fee.  You must pay us a nonrefundable training fee of $14,000 (the “Initial 
Training Fee”) for the Initial Training Program, the Initial Glass Repair Training and the Initial Glass 
Replacement Training (collectively the “Required Training Programs”) as required under ARTICLE 9 
of this Agreement.
5.3
Equipment Packages.  When you sign this Agreement, you must lease the Initial Equipment 
Package from our Affiliate, and purchase the Accompanying Equipment Packages from us.  You shall 
obtain, pay for and use in the Business, but not offer or sell, those Products and Services, including the 
Resins and Related Products and the Initial Equipment Package and Accompanying Equipment Packages, 
that we specify for use but not for sale in the Business, and at all times you shall maintain a minimum 
inventory of such Products and Services that we specify. 
5.4
Royalty Fees.
(a)
Amount Payable.  You shall pay to us during the entire Term a non-refundable monthly 
royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”) equal to the greater of: (a) the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees 
set forth below in subsection 5.4(b); or (b) 6% of your Gross Revenues from the sale of any and 
all Products and Services you sell in or from your Business. 
(b)
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees.  Beginning in the 4th month after you sign this 
Agreement, the minimum monthly royalty fee (the “Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee”) you must 
pay us will be $350, which will increase beginning in the 7th month after you sign this Agreement 
to $500, and will continue at that amount throughout the remainder of the Term.  However, if this 
Agreement is signed (i) as part of a re-franchising, (ii) in connection with the transfer of an 
existing franchise, or (iii) as part of a conversion of an existing glass business of another brand to 
the Novus® Business that will be operated under this Agreement, then beginning in the first 
month after you sign this Agreement, the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee will be $500. 
(c)
Actual Monthly Royalty Fee.  If the actual monthly Royalty Fees calculated under 
subsection 5.4(a) are greater than the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee, then you must pay us the 
amount of the actual monthly Royalty Fee payable for the month.  If the actual monthly Royalty 
Fees calculated under this subsection 5.4(a) is less than the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee, then 
you must pay us the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee as the Royalty Fee for that month. 
5.5
Timing of Royalty Payments.  All Royalty Fees will be paid in arrears.  You shall pay the 
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee on the 1st day of each month, and the balance of the Royalty Fee by the 
10th day of each month with respect to Gross Revenues from the preceding month.  Your failure to pay 
any of these monthly Royalty Fees to us on a timely basis will be a material breach of this Agreement.  
Your obligation to pay us the Royalty Fees is absolute and unconditional. 
5.6
Payment Procedures.  You agree and acknowledge that we have instituted an automatic bank 
transfer system to receive automatic payments of Royalties Fees and any or all payments required 
pursuant to this Agreement or the Manual. You agree to establish a bank account and to comply with all 
procedures and to execute the authorizations set forth in the Authorizations for Automatic Bank Transfer 
documents set forth in Schedule “D” attached hereto and such other forms and authorizations as may be 
requested or required by us in connection with such automatic bank transfer system. You hereby agree to 
