Novus FDD (03/2025) 
42 
or account for your business, or making reference to us, your business, or the Novus® system without our 
approval.
We do not have a right to change your Territory, even though the number of vehicles within the Territory 
may increase.  However, you may, with our prior written approval, change your Territory.  If we approve 
a change in your Territory, you must pay us a Territory Modification Fee of $2,500 within 10 days after 
you receive our written approval.  In considering whether or not to grant our approval, we will take into 
account whether you have been in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, whether the new Territory 
would conflict with any agreement we have with any other franchisee, or, in our opinion, infringe on a 
territory or area of primary responsibility of another Novus® business, and your reason for wanting to 
change the Territory.   
You receive the right to operate only 1 Novus® business within your Territory unless you purchase 
additional franchise or license rights or sign an Area Development Agreement.  You do not have an option, 
right of first refusal, or other similar right to acquire additional franchises.   
If you sign an Area Development Agreement, we will describe a “Development Territory” in the Rider 
to that agreement.  This territory will typically be described as a geographic area in which each of your 
Novus® businesses must be developed.  The criteria we use for determining these territories is simply 
geographic markets in which we believe it may be feasible to develop multiple (2 or more) Novus®
businesses.  If you are in compliance with your Development Schedule, then until your Development 
Territory rights expire, we will not develop or operate, or grant anyone else a franchise or license to develop 
or operate a Novus® business from any retail location in the Development Territory, and we will not grant 
anyone the right to operate a mobile Novus® business within the Development Territory as long as the Area 
Development Agreement remains in effect.  If you will operate the business from a retail location, then we 
have the right to review the proposed location before you open your business at that location.  Any 
additional territorial protection given to you for that location will be under our then-current standards for 
sites when you sign the Franchise Agreement for that location.  However, we do have the right to operate 
other Novus® businesses, both retail locations and mobile businesses, and grant the right to others to do so, 
outside your Development Territory, even if they may compete for customers within your Development 
Territory.  There may also be existing Novus® franchisees or licensees, or bolt-on license franchisees or 
licensees or affiliates in the Development Territory at the time we enter into the Area Development 
Agreement with you.  If there are, we will notify you of those businesses before you sign the Area 
Development Agreement, but those businesses may continue to operate under their existing agreements, 
including having the right to renew those agreements and to transfer their rights to any purchaser of their 
Novus® business.  When the Area Development Agreement expires, you will still have the rights granted 
to you in any portion of this territory under an individual franchise agreement, as described above.   
You must achieve Quarterly Minimum Gross Revenue requirements to maintain your franchise rights.  The 
amount depends on whether or not you have a retail location, and the number of years you have been 
operating (see Section 2.9 of the Franchise Agreements).  If you sign a Repair Only Addendum, you must 
only achieve Annual Minimum Gross Revenue requirements of $40,000 to maintain your franchise rights.  
If you do not meet the applicable Minimum Gross Revenue requirements, we may terminate your Franchise 
Agreement. 
Except as described above, we and our affiliates are not restricted in the distribution of products or services 
through channels of distribution (like the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing 
using the Novus® mark or any other marks), and are not restricted in the establishment of franchised, 
company-owned, or licensed outlets either within or outside your Territory or Development Territory.  We 
have no obligation to pay you any compensation for soliciting orders inside your Territory or Development 
Territory.  We and our affiliates reserve the right to purchase, be purchased by, merge with or combine 
