- 26 - 
review shows an underpayment of the monthly Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12 month 
period, you may contest the review and request an audit by an outside public accounting firm.  You must 
pay for the audit by the outside public accounting firm, but if the audit reveals that you did not underpay 
the monthly Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12-month period, then we will reimburse you for 
the cost of the audit. 
TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST 
14.1
Our Right of First Refusal. You shall not Sell or Transfer any interest in or any part of the 
Business Assets to any person or entity without first offering the same price and terms to us in a written 
offer that contains all material terms and conditions of the proposed transaction (“Price and Terms”).  
This provision will not apply to (i) the Sale or Transfer of Business Assets (with the exception of this 
Agreement) by you to a bank, financial institution or other recognized commercial lender in connection 
with the financing of the leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, supplies and equipment, and/or the 
real estate and building used in the Business, (ii) a Sale or Transfer of any Ownership Interest to a 
member of your Immediate Family, (iii) the Sale or Transfer of any Ownership Interest to a Key 
Employee following your death, or (iv) a Sale or Transfer of any inventory of the Business to the extent 
the Sale or Transfer occurred in the normal course of business and is not otherwise part of a Sale or 
Transfer of any other Business Assets.  Our failure to exercise our rights under this Section 14.1 shall not 
affect our rights to consent to a transfer as set forth in Section 14.9. 
14.2
Notice of Proposed Sale.  If we request additional information concerning the Business or the 
Price and Terms, you shall immediately provide us with all other information pertaining to the Sale or 
Transfer, the Business Assets and the Price and Terms that we request.  Once we receive this information, 
we will have 15 business days to notify you that we are exercising our right of first refusal to purchase the 
Business Assets according to the Price and Terms, except that we will have the right to substitute 
equivalent cash for any non-cash consideration included in the offer.  If we waive our right of first refusal, 
then you will have the right to complete the Sale or Transfer of the Business Assets according to the Price 
and Terms, however, the Sale or Transfer must still comply with the terms and conditions of Section 14.9.  
However, if you do not complete the Sale or Transfer on the Price and Terms previously presented to us 
within 45 days after we waived our right of first refusal (either because you did not complete the sale 
within that time period, or because you changed the Price and Terms), then before you can complete a 
Sale or Transfer, you must comply again with our right of first refusal as set forth in this ARTICLE 14.  If 
we waive our right of first refusal or reject your written offer to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets, that 
will not change your obligations to us, or relieve you of your obligations under this Agreement, and the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.   
14.3
Administrative Expenses.  If you notify us of your intent to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets 
and we state our interest in acquiring the Business Assets under Section 14.2 above, and if you 
subsequently determine not to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets, then you must reimburse us for all 
Administrative Expenses we incurred in evaluating the proposed transaction and attempting to acquire the 
Business Assets. 
14.4
Transfer of Ownership Interest by Franchisee’s Owners.  You acknowledge that an 
Ownership Interest is included within the definition of Business Assets, and therefore no Ownership 
Interest may be sold without first complying with the provisions of this ARTICLE 14.  However, each of 
your Owners may Sell or Transfer their Ownership Interest to: (i) members of his or her Immediate 
Family; (ii) any trust established for the members of his or her Immediate Family during his or her 
lifetime or upon death; or (iii) a Key Employee of yours upon death, without first offering it to us.  The 
Owner must still give us 10 days prior written notice of any proposed Sale or Transfer.  The transferee 
