5.
14.
Additional Insurance Obligations.  Article 12 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by 
adding the following new Section 12.10: 
12.10 Additional Insurance Obligations.  For the insurance obligations set 
forth in this Article 12, “Retail Location,” as used herein, shall include the 
Facility.  In addition, you shall ensure that you and Your Related Parties that 
operate Other Businesses have insurance policies in place that meet the insurance 
obligations described in this Article 12, and those insurance policies must name 
us as an additional named insured, and provide that we will receive copies of all 
notices of changes in these policies, or cancellation, nonrenewal, or coverage 
reduction or elimination, at least 30 days before any cancellation, nonrenewal or 
change takes effect.  Before operating the Business, and immediately after 
changing any insurance coverage, you must provide us with certificates of 
insurance confirming you and Your Related Parties that operate Other Businesses 
have obtained all the insurance coverage we require. 
15.
Our Right of First Refusal.  Section 14.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the 
following sentence at the end of the Section: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, you acknowledge and 
agree that if a proposed Sale or Transfer of Business Assets is subject to our right 
of first refusal under this Section 14.1 and is being made in conjunction with 
your or Your Related Parties’ proposed sale or transfer of any Other Businesses at 
the Facility, then our right of first refusal under this Section 14.1 shall cover just 
the Business, or the Business and any of the Other Businesses at the Facility that 
are being sold or transferred, in our sole discretion.   
16.
Transfer of Other Businesses; Owner.  Section 14.9 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by 
adding the following sentence at the end of the Section: 
You must notify us of any intent by you or Your Related Parties to transfer the Other 
Businesses, or any ownership interest of or partial ownership thereof, to a different 
owner.  You must provide any information we request regarding the proposed transfer of 
the Other Businesses, including the identity of the proposed transferee.  You acknowledge 
and agree that, due to the proximity and shared operational aspects of the Business and 
the Other Businesses, we have the right to terminate this Agreement if any part of, or the 
entirety of, any Other Businesses are transferred to an individual or entity which we have 
not approved or do not approve, in our sole discretion. 
17.
Exception to Covenants Not-to-Compete.  Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is amended 
by adding the following new Section 18.4: 
18.4 
Exception to Covenants Not-to-Compete.  You represent and warrant 
that the Other Businesses are not a Competitive Business and will not offer or 
sell the Products and Services.  The preceding restrictions in this Article 18 will 
not be breached by the operation by you and/or Your Related Parties of the Other 
Businesses at the Facility, so long as the Other Businesses do not offer any of the 
