Re-Franchise (Retirement) Addendum 
2. 
date of termination will be referred to herein as the “Termination Period”).   As a condition to 
termination, we will have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase the assets of your business on the 
terms set forth in Paragraph 4 below.  If we do not exercise this right, this termination will still be 
considered a termination in accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement if: 
(i) during the Termination Period, you make your best efforts to sell your Business upon such reasonable 
terms and conditions as we require; (ii) during the Termination Period, you take all actions that we 
reasonably require related to the sale of your Business, and you otherwise cooperate in efforts to sell the 
Business; and (iii) you do not grant the authority to operate a glass repair or replacement business at the 
former site of your Business to anyone else who does not sign a franchise agreement with us on terms we 
prescribe, and you do not sell or transfer your customer lists or other intangible assets to any person who 
operates a glass repair or replacement business, except pursuant to a franchise agreement with us on terms 
we prescribe.  If you violate any of these conditions, then the termination will be considered to have taken 
place other than in accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement, and we will 
continue to have the right to recover other fees and payments that you would have owed us through the 
original date of expiration of the Franchise Agreement.  In all events, you must still comply with all of 
your other obligations on termination, including compliance with the covenant not to compete contained 
in Section 18.3 of the Franchise Agreement, and the transfer to us of your telephone number and customer 
lists. 
4.)
Purchase Option.  If you exercise your right to terminate the Franchise Agreement under 
the terms of Paragraph 3 above, and we elect to purchase the assets of your business, we have the right to 
purchase any or all of the following assets on the following terms:   
(a)
We may purchase your interest in the leasehold for the premises in which the Business 
has been operated for a fee of $1.00.  If we exercise this right, we will assume your 
remaining future obligations under the lease or sublease for the premises but you must be 
current in all obligations under your lease or sublease through the date of termination;  
(b)
We may purchase any vehicles (not leased from us) you were using in the Business for a 
price equal to the most recent NADA wholesale value of those vehicles, as published 30-
days prior to termination of the Franchise Agreement;  
(c)
We may purchase any new, unused inventory you have in the Business at your cost, 
including freight;  
(d)
We may purchase any equipment you were using in the Business at a price equal to the 
depreciated book value of that equipment, using a straight-line depreciation over a period 
of 5 years, but with an aggregate price of not less than $1.00;  
(e)
We may purchase all goodwill and intangible assets of the Business for $1.00; and 
(f)
We may purchase all office supplies and other tangible assets of the Business at fair 
market value, not to exceed an aggregate of $100.00. 
If we elect to purchase any or all of these assets, we will notify you 30-days prior to the termination of the 
Franchise Agreement.  We will then deliver the purchase price to you at the time of termination of the 
Franchise Agreement, and you will sign such documents as we may require (including bills of sale and 
assignments) to transfer the assets to us. 
5.)
General Release.  In consideration of our agreement to re-franchise your Novus®
business, and for giving you the termination rights set forth in Paragraph 3, you hereby release and 
