- 35 - 
19.2
Indemnification by Us.  We agree to indemnify you against, and to reimburse you for, any 
obligation or liability for Claims or Damages to persons other than you or your owners that is attributable 
to our agreements or representations, or that is caused by our negligent or willful action, including the 
obligation to defend any litigation brought against you that is attributable to our agreements or 
representations, or caused by our negligent or willful action.  We will have the right to participate in and 
to control any litigation or proceeding that might result in liability of or expense to you subject to 
indemnification by us.
19.3
Collection and Enforcement Costs.  You shall pay us for any and all Costs and Expenses we 
incur for the collection of past due Royalty Fees or other amounts due to us or our Affiliates.  In addition, 
you shall pay all Costs and Expenses we incur in successfully enforcing any term, condition or provision 
of this Agreement, in successfully enjoining any violation of this Agreement by you, or in successfully 
defending any lawsuit you bring against us.
INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF AGREEMENT 
20.1
Injunctive Relief.  You, your Owners and the Personal Guarantors agree that, notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Agreement, we will have the right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction 
for the entry of temporary restraining orders, temporary and permanent injunctions and orders of specific 
performance: 
(a)
enforcing the provisions of this Agreement relating to: (i) the Marks and the Business 
System; (ii) your obligations on termination or expiration of this Agreement, (iii) your Sale or 
Transfer of this Agreement, the Business Assets, or any Ownership Interest; (iv) the 
confidentiality of the Operations Manual and other confidential information; and/or (v) any 
covenants not to compete; and 
(b)
enjoining any act or omission by you or your employees that: (i) is a violation of any law, 
ordinance or regulation; (ii) is dishonest or misleading to the clients or customers of the Business 
or other Novus businesses; (iii) is a danger to the employees, public, guests, clients or customers 
of the Business; or (iv) may impair the goodwill associated with the Marks or the Business 
System.   
You agree that we shall be entitled to obtain this injunctive relief without posting a bond or, if a court 
nevertheless requires a bond, by posting a bond set by the court in an amount not to exceed $5,000. 
20.2
Mediation.  Except for matters for which we may elect to enforce this Agreement by judicial 
process and injunction as set forth in Section 20.1, each of us (and your Owners and Personal Guarantors) 
agree to enter into mediation of all disputes involving this Agreement or any aspect of the relationship 
between us, for a minimum of four (4) hours, prior to the initiation of any lawsuit or other proceeding 
against the other.   
(a)
Upon written notice by either of us to the other of the initiating party’s desire to mediate, 
the party receiving the notice will select an independent entity that regularly provides mediation 
services to franchisors and franchisees to serve as mediator in the proceeding.  If the party 
receiving the notice of intent to mediate does not provide the name of such organization within 
ten (10) business days from the date the notice of intention to mediate is received, then the other 
party may forego mediation of the issue(s) and commence a legal action against the other or, at its 
option, make the selection of the organization to provide mediation services.  If one of us selects 
an organization that is unwilling to serve as mediator or does not meet the requirements of this 
Section, then the other party may select the organization.  Once the organization is designated and 
