MN (Mobile) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR MOBILE BUSINESS 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all 
Novus® franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota, or to a resident of Minnesota. 
1.
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Minnesota Department of Commerce 
has required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial franchise fees owed by franchisees shall be 
deferred until the business opens. 
2.
Article 3 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business will be amended to provide 
that, except in certain circumstances specified by law, we must give you at least 180 days prior written 
notice of nonrenewal of the Franchise. 
3.
Section 15.1 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business will be amended to require 
that, except as set forth in Article 15.2 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business, if we give you 
notice that you have breached the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business, that notice will be given to 
you at least 90 days before we terminate the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business, and you will have 
60 days after receiving that notice to correct the breach specified in the notice. 
4.
A court of competent jurisdiction will determine whether we are required to post a bond 
or other security to obtain an injunction against you, your Owners or Personal Guarantors, and the amount 
of the bond or other security. 
5.
Sections 20.3 and 20.10 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business are hereby 
deleted. 
6.
We will protect your right to use the Marks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or 
expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the Marks, provided you have 
properly used the Marks and comply with our instructions regarding their use. 
7.
The limitation of claims provided for in the second sentence of Section 20.5 of the 
Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business will not apply to any claims you may have under Minnesota 
Statutes, §80C.17. 
8.
Any provisions of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business or any addendum 
thereto requiring a general release will not apply, but you will still be bound by the other terms and 
conditions of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business and any addendum thereto. 
9.
“Non-sufficient funds” checks are governed by Minnesota Statute 604.113, which puts a 
cap of $30 on immediate service charges. 
10.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of 
Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
