- 6 - 
(d)
agreed in writing to make the reasonable capital expenditures necessary to replace and 
modernize the equipment, vehicles (to the extent not leased from us), and technology so that the 
Business conforms to our then-current Business System, and lease from us the vehicles for use in 
operating the re-franchised Business to the extent required at the time; 
(e)
signed the form of Franchise Agreement we are then offering to new stand-alone glass 
repair and replacement franchisees operating from a fixed location (the “New Agreement”) and 
all other agreements that are required at that time in connection with the operation of a Novus 
franchise; and 
(f)
paid us a re-franchise fee of $4,000 (the “Re-Franchise Fee”) (in lieu of a new Initial 
Fee). 
(g)
Provided that you meet all of the conditions set forth above in subsections 3.2(a) to 3.2(f), 
we will waive our Initial Fee or any new Initial Training Fee.  If, at the same time you re-
franchise one Novus franchise, you re-franchise other Novus franchises that you own, we will 
charge you one additional Re-Franchise Fee of $2,500 for all the additional franchises you re-
franchise at the same time.  In any case, you must pay the Re-Franchise Fee at the time you sign 
the New Agreement.  You will also be required to pay the Royalty Fees and all other fees at the 
rates specified in the New Agreement, and to pay all additional fees required by the terms of the 
New Agreement.  You acknowledge that the terms, conditions, and economics of the New 
Agreement may vary in substance and form from the terms, conditions, and economics of this 
Agreement. 
3.3
Hold-Over Franchise.  If this Agreement expires and is not renewed for any reason, ARTICLE 
17 will apply.  You acknowledge and agree that if you continue to operate the Business after the 
Agreement expires without execution and delivery of a New Agreement or an extension of this 
Agreement, there is no tacit or other renewal of this Agreement, but if we continue to accept the payments 
provided for under this Agreement, you shall continue to operate the Business on a month to month basis, 
subject to the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, except that during such interim period 
before a New Agreement is signed, your Royalty Fees will increase by $200 per month. In such case, 
either you or we may terminate this Agreement one month following the end of the current one-month 
term upon at least one month’s prior written notice to the other party. 
3.4
Conversion.  At any time during the Term, you may convert your business from a Retail 
Location to a Mobile Business provided that you:  
(a)
give us written notice of your desire to convert your Business; 
(b)
have complied with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and with our 
operating and quality standards throughout the Term; 
(c)
have timely paid all monetary obligations you owe to us and to our Affiliates throughout 
the Term; 
(d)
if you have already begun operating from a Retail Location, close that location, and take 
all action as we may require to remove all identification from the location that indicates the site 
was formerly operated as a Novus® business;  
(e)
sign the form of Franchise Agreement we are then offering to new stand-alone Mobile 
Business franchisees; provided, however, that all provisions in that agreement calling for the 
