IL (ADA) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Novus® franchises 
offered and sold or operated in the State of Illinois. 
1.
Illinois law governs the franchise agreements. 
2.
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in 
an area development agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of 
Illinois is void.  However, an area development agreement may provide for arbitration to take place 
outside of Illinois. 
3.
Developer’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20 
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
4.
In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with 
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of 
Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met 
independently without reference to this addendum. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this addendum as of the date the Area 
Development Agreement was executed. 
FRANCHISOR:
DEVELOPER: 
NOVUS FRANCHISING 2 LLC 
Legal Name of Franchisee/Developer 
By: 
By: 
Its: 
Print Name 
Its: 
