Novus Franchising 2 LLC 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
December 31, 2023 
6 
1. Organization and nature of operations
Novus Franchising 2 LLC [the “Company”] was incorporated on April 13, 2017 as a limited liability company 
registered in the State of the Delaware. The Company is registered as owned by its sole member and parent 
company Mondofix USA LLC., which is wholly-owned by Mondofix Inc. a Canadian company and ultimate parent 
company. The Company’s year-end is December 31. The Company acts as a franchisor of glass repair shops in 
the USA under the name Novus, Novus Franchising and Novus Glass in virtue of a license agreement with its 
ultimate parent company. 
2. Significant accounting policies
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
the United States of America [“US GAAP”]. These financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is also 
the functional currency of the Company. 
Use of estimates 
The preparation of the financial statement in conformity with the basis of accounting defined above requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts and income taxes. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Cash 
Bank balances, including bank overdrafts with balances that fluctuate from positive to overdrawn, are presented 
under cash. 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments are measured at fair value on initial recognition based on current pricing of such financial 
instruments with comparable terms. Subsequently, all financial instruments are measured at amortized costs less 
any reduction of impairment. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value 
hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as follows: 
Level 1 – quoted prices [unadjusted] in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 – inputs other than 
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and 
Level 3 – unobservable inputs that reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market 
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety 
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At December 31, 2023 and 
2022, all of the Company’s financial assets were considered a Level 1.  
