Novus FDD (03/2025) 
18 
Vehicle lease payments described therein, which may be higher than the estimated range in this 
Item 6. 
(9)
You will take possession of each Vehicle you lease from us at the location we specify, and also will 
return each Vehicle to the location we specify.  In both cases, we will attempt to arrange for this 
location to be at a dealership or other location within your market, so there are no shipping or 
delivery fees.  If that is not practical, however, and we are required to ship or have the Vehicle 
delivered to a dealership or other location within your market so you can take possession of it, you 
will be required to pay the shipping or delivery fees to us.  Similarly, if we determine it is not 
practical for you to return the Vehicle to a dealership or other location within your market and we 
are required to have the Vehicle shipped or delivered to a dealership or other location outside your 
market, you will be required to pay the shipping or delivery fees to us.  If we elect, in our sole 
discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us and you sign a Delay of Vehicle 
Leasing Requirement Addendum with us, until you sign our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement, 
you will not pay to us any of the shipping or delivery fees described in this Item 6, but may make 
any applicable Vehicle shipping or delivery payments to third parties.  In addition, as described in 
the Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum, at the time you sign our then-current 
Vehicle Lease Agreement, you will be required to pay any applicable shipping or delivery fees to 
us, which may be higher than the estimated range in this Item 6. 
(10)
If you default under any Vehicle Lease Agreement with us and fail to cure the default (to the extent 
it is curable), we may require you to pay to us the termination value of the Vehicle which is 
calculated as the present value of all payments due, past due, or to become due, together with the 
estimated value of the Vehicle at the end of the term of the Vehicle Lease Agreement as determined 
by us acting reasonably, all discounted from when they are due at a discount rate of 3.5% per 
annum, plus any late payment fees due on overdue payments, which you agree to pay immediately 
upon request.  You also agree to pay us for all collections and legal costs relating in any way to the 
default, including reasonable legal fees and court costs incurred to the extent permitted by law.  In 
addition, if the Vehicle is confiscated by the government, or stolen, or damaged and in a condition 
which we believe is beyond reasonable repair, the applicable Vehicle Lease Agreement will 
terminate immediately, and you will be responsible for paying to us the termination value described 
above, offset by any amounts paid under your insurance policy.  Further, in either case, you must 
pay all other amounts due under the Vehicle Lease Agreement that would have been payable, 
including excess wear and tear.  All amounts not paid on the applicable due dates also will be 
subject to late payments and other charges. 
(11)
If you do not register for or attend our meetings as required, we will bill you for the convention fee 
and you must pay it within 10 days after you receive our invoice.  We typically send these invoices 
about 1 month before the session begins.   
(12)
As indicated in Item 5, we provide initial glass replacement and glass repair training when you 
begin operating the business.  If you lose a trained employee and a new one must be trained, the 
fee will be $5,000 for each training.  If you have an employee who is taking the glass replacement 
training and that employee does not complete the initial glass replacement training within the times 
we require, you must then pay an additional $500 for this training.   
Apart from these training programs, we periodically offer other training courses to franchisees for 
new products and services.  The fees for these programs are determined at the time the training is 
offered.   
(13)
If you re-franchise more than 1 Novus® franchise at the same time, the fee will be $4,000 for the 
first one, and $2,500 for all additional franchises that you re-franchise at the same time.   
