Novus FDD (03/2025) 
9 
or lease Vehicles from a third party for up to 3 years, although, in some cases, we may permit the re-leasing 
of Vehicles from a third party for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement, and therefore you 
will not pay to us or our affiliates any initial Vehicle shipping or delivery fees. 
Equipment Packages 
You must acquire certain equipment, tools, supplies, and promotional materials from us or from Novus 2 
when you sign your Franchise Agreement.  You must purchase (or lease as indicated) the following 
equipment packages: 
1. 
The Initial Equipment Package for equipment related to glass repair which includes 2 repair bridges 
and 1 Crack Mouse®.  You must lease this equipment package from us (see Exhibit F), with a one-
time pre-payment of $2,500 (or $1,500 if you sign the ProColor Amendment to your Franchise 
Agreement, or $1,250 if you sign the 5-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum).  If you operate a 
retail location, you may need to lease a second set of this equipment package for us. 
2. 
The Auto Glass Replacement Tool and Equipment Package for use with glass replacement services.  
The cost of this equipment package is $6,000.  If you operate a retail location, you may need a 
second set of this equipment package. 
3. 
The Glass Repair Package, which all new franchisees purchase, and includes additional glass repair 
tools, supplies and equipment.  The cost of this equipment package is $3,500 (or $3,000 if you sign 
the ProColor Amendment to your Franchise Agreement).  If you operate a retail location, you may 
need a second set of this equipment package. 
4. 
The Vehicle Office Package, which includes at least a laptop and printer.  The cost of this 
equipment package is $1,500. 
Payment for all equipment packages are nonrefundable and due when you sign your Franchise Agreement.   
If you are signing a Franchise Agreement as part of a transfer or re-franchise, and you trade in the classic 
bridges that you purchased, then we will discount this initial payment by $200. 
Initial Software Package 
You must license our proprietary POS software and accounting software system from our designated 
vendor.  To license this software for the first year, you will pay us a non-refundable fee of $3,000 at the 
time you sign your Franchise Agreement.  This fee includes the license fee for the first year and the set-up 
fee for this software.  After the first year, you must pay our then-current monthly license fee.  At this time, 
the license fee for the basic license is $300 to $350 per month (includes 5 user licenses) and $25 to $30 per 
user license per month for any additional users.  If you are currently at the end of the initial term of the 
Franchise Agreement, and you want to re-franchise, you will not pay us a new setup fee or first year license 
fee, and will continue to pay the monthly fee for the software license.  A NAGS license is also required for 
the point of sale software, and another license is required for the online quoting tool that delivers live price 
quotes and scheduling to you.  The fee for these licenses is currently $700 to $950 per year.  You will pay 
that fee to us and we will forward it to NAGS. 
Franchise Identification Package 
You must purchase a Franchise Identification Package from us when you sign your Franchise Agreement.  
The basic Identification Package will cost $2,700.  This is for a basic package that includes 3 uniforms and 
basic printing.  If your initial operations require a larger package, these costs will be higher.  We anticipate 
