- 11 - 
this Agreement, and you may at any time during the Term use in the operation of your Business (but for 
no other purpose), to the extent lawful and at your sole risk and responsibility, any information that you 
acquire from third parties in operating your Business, such as customer data.
ARTICLE 7. 
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES; SUPPLIERS 
7.1
Products and Services.  You acknowledge and agree that: 
(a)
you shall offer and sell all of the Products and Services we require to be sold as part of 
the Business System throughout the Term;
(b)
you may offer and sell any of the optional Products and Services that we approve to be 
sold in the Business System;
(c)
you shall not, under any circumstances, have the right to offer or sell any Products and 
Services that we do not authorize in writing or in our Operations Manual;
(d)
we may add to or eliminate any of the Products and Services at any time upon notice to 
you, but if we eliminate any Products, we will give you a reasonable time to liquidate your 
inventory of those Products;
(e)
you shall maintain sufficient inventories of all Products and Services necessary to realize 
the full economic potential of the Business and will maintain any minimum inventories of 
Products and Services we specify;
(f)
you shall offer for sale those Products and Services we require or approve for sale only 
on a retail basis (to the end user) and only within your Territory; and
(g)
we may require you to purchase certain Products and Services we specify only according 
to our standards and specifications for such Products and Services, including standards and 
specifications consisting of only a nationally recognized brand name or specific manufacturer.  
However, unless we tell you otherwise in this ARTICLE 7, you may purchase these Products and 
Services from any supplier or distributor.  To the extent we do tell you that you cannot purchase 
certain Products and Services from any supplier, those Products and Services will be available 
exclusively from us or from our approved suppliers or distributors.
7.2
Limitations on Sales.  You shall not sell any proprietary Products and Services, including Resins 
and Related Products, on a wholesale basis (for resale to another retailer or wholesaler) and shall not sell 
any Products and Services or other products and services under any of the Marks or the Business System: 
(a) on a retail basis at or from any other location; (b) by means of the Internet (other than from a website 
we approve), mobile application, catalogue sales, mail order sales or infomercials; or (c) by any other 
means or methods of sales or distribution. 
7.3
Pricing of Products and Services.  You have the right to sell the Products and Services to your 
customers at whatever prices and on whatever terms you determine. 
7.4
Use of Novus Resins.  You acknowledge that we have developed a unique, high-quality line of 
windshield repair resins, equipment and other products to be used in performing windshield repair 
services (“Resins and Related Products”), and that we have developed certain national warranty 
programs relating to the quality of windshield repair services provided under the “Novus®” name.  You 
