Novus FDD (03/2025) 
23 
taxes (except for any lump sum tax payments on the Vehicle).  The low end of this range assumes 
you pay no taxes on the Vehicle or the monthly administrative fee, and the high end assumes you 
pay taxes on the Vehicle and the monthly administrative fee equal to 10.5%, although the applicable 
tax rate or rates may be higher in your jurisdiction and are subject to change.   
If we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us and sign 
a Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with you, you must purchase or lease your 
first Vehicle from a third-party supplier.  In such case, your initial costs will depend on the terms 
you negotiate with the supplier.  If you lease a Vehicle, we estimate the cost, including a deposit 
and any administrative fees, will be $3,800 to $5,250 or more.  The low end of this range assumes 
you pay no taxes on the Vehicle or any administrative fee, and the high end assumes you pay taxes 
on the Vehicle and any administrative fee equal to 10.5%, although the applicable tax rate or rates 
may be higher in your jurisdiction and are subject to change.  If you purchase a Vehicle, we estimate 
that it will cost $10,000 to $50,000.  The low end of this range assumes that you purchase a used 
Vehicle, while the high end assumes you purchase a new Vehicle.
To take into account that you may be leasing your first Vehicle either from us or a third-party 
supplier, our estimate for “additional funds” below includes 2 additional monthly payments under 
your Vehicle Lease Agreement or your agreement with the third-party supplier.  In addition, as 
further described in Note 17, the high end of our estimate for “additional funds” below assumes 
that if you are leasing a Vehicle, you are in a jurisdiction that requires you to pay taxes on the 
Vehicle in a lump sum.   
(9)
As further described in Item 6 note (9), if you lease a Vehicle from us and we ship or have the 
Vehicle delivered to a dealership or other location within your market, you will be required to pay 
the shipping or delivery fees to us.  In addition, if you purchase or lease a Vehicle from a third-
party supplier, we estimate that you may be required to pay shipping or delivery fees to that 
supplier.  
(10)
The equipment packages include our Initial Equipment Package, Auto Glass Replacement Tool and 
Equipment Package, our Glass Repair Package, and our Vehicle Office Package.  The low estimate 
assumes you purchase and/or lease the minimum required equipment packages  The high end for a 
retail location assumes you purchase and/or lease 2 of each package other than the Vehicle Office 
Package.  The high end for a mobile franchise assumes you purchase and/or lease 1 of each package, 
including the Vehicle Office Package.  In addition, as further described in Item 5, the ProColor 
Amendment, and the 5-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum, we will reduce the cost of some of 
these packages if you sign the ProColor Amendment or the 5-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum 
to your Franchise Agreement. 
(11)
This includes a glass rack, large took box, and miscellaneous office supplies. 
(12)
This is for the initial supply of windshields and other automotive glass, adhesives, clips, and other 
materials needed to operate the franchise for 1 month, including promotional materials.  The 
estimate assumes close proximity to wholesale facilities to serve the franchise or licensed business, 
which lowers the required inventory.  A basic supply of some of these items are included in the 
Accompanying Equipment Package, and the low estimate assumes you will not need any additional 
inventory in the first month beyond the inventory included in that package.  
(13)
You will need our proprietary point-of-sale software and accounting software for use in your 
business.  The package currently has an initial cost for the first year of $3,000, which includes the 
initial set-up fee and the first-year license fees.  After the first year, you must pay monthly update 
and license fees.  The fee is currently $300 to $350 per month (includes 5 user licenses).   
(14)
You will only incur this expense if you purchase a Calibration Package from our approved supplier.  
