Novus FDD (03/2025) 
46 
We have been granted a license by Mondofix to use these patents in selling and servicing Novus® franchises 
and for providing glass repair and replacement services.  You will therefore have the right to use the patents 
in operating your business when you sign the Novus 2 Equipment Lease Agreement (see Exhibit F).  The 
term of our license agreement with Mondofix is perpetual, unless terminated by Mondofix due to our failure 
to cure a material breach of the license agreement.  If that license agreement is terminated, we would not be 
authorized to use or license the patents.  However, if our rights to use the patents are terminated, Mondofix 
will continue to honor your license to use the patents if you are not in default under your Franchise Agreement.   
The Franchise Agreements obligate us to protect your rights to use the patented equipment and products and 
to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition relating to the patents or any of our 
copyrighted materials.  Mondofix will control any litigation relating to the patents, and is the sole judge as to 
whether a suit for infringement will be instituted.  We will indemnify you from any damages you may incur 
resulting solely from your proper use of the patented equipment or products, or copyrighted materials as a 
part of the Business System, if you tender defense of the action to us under the requirements of your Franchise 
Agreement.  However, as a condition of our obligation to defend or indemnify you, we may require you to 
modify or discontinue your use of any item that is claimed to infringe upon the rights of others.  We know of 
no rights held by others that could materially affect your use of any of the patented equipment.  
We have copyrighted advertising copy and designs, training films, workbooks, the Operations Manual and 
other manuals, and various other items relating to the operation of a Novus® business.  We do not know of 
any infringing uses that could materially affect your use of any copyrighted material we supply.  There are 
no presently effective determinations of the Copyright Office, the trademark administrator of any state or 
any court, no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings, or any pending material 
litigation involving our copyrighted materials that are relevant to their use in any state.  There are no 
agreements currently in effect, which significantly limit our right to use or license the use of these 
copyrighted materials in any manner material to your business. 
The Operations Manuals and other information relating to the operation of your Novus® business is 
proprietary to us and must be kept confidential by you and your employees.  You may not copy or alter 
any copyrighted or proprietary materials without our written consent, and you may not use any of these 
materials for purposes other than operating your Novus® business.  You must return the Operations Manual 
and all other copyrighted or proprietary materials to us when your Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated.  For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use confidential information for the purpose of 
machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence model, 
algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities (collectively, “AI”) without our express 
written consent.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of the Franchisee Agreement 
or operating the Novus® retail business and are expressly prohibited.  Further, you shall not, without our 
prior written consent, input any confidential information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such 
information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You shall opt out of allowing any provider 
or source of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training of any AI model or for other 
purposes. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must devote your full-time and best efforts, or have a manager devote his or her full-time and best 
efforts, to the operation of your Novus® business.  If you (the franchisee) are an entity, like a corporation 
or limited liability company, all individuals with a direct or indirect ownership interest in you that we 
designate must also sign a personal guaranty of the obligations of the franchisee.  You and your manager 
must attend and successfully complete any required initial training programs for your franchise as described 
in Item 11 before managing or operating your Novus® business.  Other than successful completion of 
