Novus FDD (03/2025) 
24 
(15)
The basic Identification Package costs $2,700 and includes 3 uniforms.  Each package also includes 
basic initial printing.  The high end of the ranges assumes your initial operations require a larger 
package.  (See Item 5.) 
(16)
We will prepare an initial marketing start-up package for you, which will include an initial direct 
mail marketing campaign, an initial fleet and commercial account prospect list, and a local area 
search marketing program.  As part of this package, we will also establish a home page for you on 
our website.  The cost of this package will be less if you sign the ProColor Amendment to your 
Franchise Agreement.  (See Item 5.) 
(17)
This range estimates the initial monthly insurance premiums you will pay for the required minimum 
levels of insurance described in Item 8, including the Vehicle Insurance you must purchase from 
our designated supplier, which we estimate will cost $150 to $400 per month. 
(18)
You may attend a 1-day information and orientation meeting (which we call “Discovery Day”) at 
our offices in St. Paul, Minnesota.  There is no fee for this meeting.  You must pay your travel costs 
and other expenses for attending, but we will reimburse up to $500 of those costs if you sign a 
Franchise Agreement with us within 60 days after you attend the Discovery Day.  The additional 
funds estimate includes the unreimbursed costs.  The indicated amounts represent a 3-month 
estimate of operational costs that are not itemized above and include employees’ salaries and fringe 
benefits, uniform cleaning, telephone expenses, 2 months of lease payments for 1 Vehicle, lease 
payments for repair equipment, legal and accounting expenses, general operating costs, the set-up 
fee to establish your home page on our website, 3 months of email fees, and the cost of a background 
check you must pay for before we will grant you a franchise, and other miscellaneous expenses.  In 
addition, the high end of this range assumes you lease 1 Vehicle, and are in jurisdiction that requires 
you to pay taxes on the 1 Vehicle in a lump sum and that lump sum is equal to $6,930, which 
assumes a $1,100 monthly lease payment (not including the administrative fee) and a tax rate of 
10.5 %.  Again, the applicable tax rate may be higher in your jurisdiction and is subject to change.  
We have relied on our experience and NFI’s experience in the glass repair and replacement industry 
in formulating these estimates. 
(19)
These estimates represent your total initial investment to begin operations, and do not include any 
interest costs or principal repayments.  We recommend that you have enough cash available before 
starting your business to meet your initial investment and working capital requirements.  If you 
must obtain financing for some or all of your capital needs, then your initial cash requirements will 
be reduced accordingly; however, your future monthly cash needs will increase by the amount 
necessary to pay the interest costs and principal repayments required under the terms of your 
financing arrangement. 
(20)
All fees and payments are nonrefundable unless negotiated differently with a supplier. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES  
All vehicles, equipment (including computer hardware and software), insurance (as further described 
below), fixtures, supplies, inventory and other items you purchase or lease for use or sale in your business 
must meet our specifications.  Our specifications may include standards for delivery, performance, design, 
appearance and quality.  We will issue the specifications to you before you begin operating.  These 
specifications may be included in our Operations Manual and other manuals, or they may be separately 
issued.  As we develop additional specifications or modify existing specifications, we will separately deliver 
them to you.  While we do not have specifications for local advertising you create to promote your business, 
we do require that you obtain our prior approval to the use of any advertising materials you prepare and 
before establishing certain websites and social media sites, profiles and accounts relating to us, to your 
Novus® business or to the Novus® system.   
