- 11 - 
(f)
you shall offer for sale those Products and Services we require or approve for sale only 
on a retail basis (to the end user) and only within your Territory; and
(g)
we may require you to purchase certain Products and Services we specify only according 
to our standards and specifications for such Products and Services, including standards and 
specifications consisting of only a nationally recognized brand name or specific manufacturer.  
However, unless we tell you otherwise in this ARTICLE 7, you may purchase these Products and 
Services from any supplier or distributor.  To the extent we do tell you that you cannot purchase 
certain Products and Services from any supplier, those Products and Services will be available 
exclusively from us or from our approved suppliers or distributors.
7.2
Limitations on Sales.  You shall not sell any proprietary Products and Services, including Resins 
and Related Products, on a wholesale basis (for resale to another retailer or wholesaler) and shall not sell 
any Products and Services or other products and services under any of the Marks or the Business System: 
(a) on a retail basis at or from any other location; (b) by means of the Internet (other than from a website 
we approve), mobile application, catalogue sales, mail order sales or infomercials; or (c) by any other 
means or methods of sales or distribution. 
7.3
Pricing of Products and Services.  You have the right to sell the Products and Services to your 
customers at whatever prices and on whatever terms you determine. 
7.4
Use of Novus Resins.  You acknowledge that we have developed a unique, high-quality line of 
windshield repair resins, equipment and other products to be used in performing windshield repair 
services (“Resins and Related Products”), and that we have developed certain national warranty 
programs relating to the quality of windshield repair services provided under the “Novus®” name.  You 
further acknowledge that it is of paramount importance to maintaining the uniform high-quality image for 
windshield repair services associated by the public with the Marks and Business System that only Resins 
and Related Products be used by all businesses performing windshield repair services under the “Novus®” 
name.  Therefore, in order to maintain and ensure the quality of the windshield repair services you 
provide to your customers under the “Novus®” name, and in order for us to allow you to participate in any 
warranty programs we offer, you shall use only the Resins and Related Products that we designate or 
approve in writing.  You shall not resell any Resins and Related Products to any person or entity without 
our prior written consent. You hereby acknowledge that breach of this Section 7.4 will be considered a 
material breach of this Agreement and can result in termination as provided under subsection 15.1(d). 
7.5
Designated Suppliers.  You may only purchase Resins and Related Products from us or from our 
Designated Supplier.  We may require, in our sole discretion, that you purchase certain other Products and 
Services we specify only from a Designated Supplier.  We or our Affiliates may be a Designated 
Supplier, and the only Designated Supplier, for certain Products and Services.  You shall not have the 
right to substitute any new supplier or distributor for any Designated Supplier or to require us to appoint 
or approve any new supplier or distributor as a Designated Supplier.  We reserve the right to require any 
Designated Supplier to sign a contract containing terms and conditions acceptable to us, including those 
relating to pricing, delivery, terms, product availability, economic viability, service and quality and the 
right to modify at any time the terms or conditions of that contract.  We may at any time add or remove a 
Designated Supplier or add, remove or modify in any manner any requirement that you purchase any 
given Products and Services only from a Designated Supplier. 
7.6
Approved Suppliers.  We may require, in our sole discretion, that you purchase certain Products 
and Services we specify only from Approved Suppliers.  If you desire to purchase any Products and 
Services that we require you to purchase from Approved Suppliers from other suppliers and distributors, 
then you must, at your expense, submit to us samples and specifications, and other business and product 
