- 4 - 
2.7
Business System Modifications.  We reserve the right to make changes to the Operations 
Manual, the Business System, and the Marks at any time and without prior notice to you. You shall 
promptly alter any signs, products, business materials, services provided, methods or operation or related 
items, at your cost and expense, upon receipt of written notice of such change or modification in order to 
conform with our revised specifications. 
2.8
Scope of Business System Modifications.  You understand and agree that due to changes in 
competitive circumstances, presently unforeseen changes in the needs of customers, and/or presently 
unforeseen technological or other innovations, the Business System may not remain static, in order that it 
best serve the interests of the Franchisor, and its franchisees and the Business System. Accordingly, you 
expressly understand and agree that we may from time to time change the components of the Business 
System, including but not limited to: altering the products, services, standards, forms, policies and 
procedures of the Business System; adding to, deleting from or modifying the programs, products and 
services that you are authorized to offer and changing or modifying the Marks which may include a re-
branding or de-branding of the Business System. You understand and agree that modifications we may 
make to the Business System may necessitate you to make capital expenditures during the Term in 
amounts we cannot forecast.  Nothing in this Agreement limits the frequency or cost of future 
modifications to the Business System that we may require.  You understand and agree that we have no 
ability to identify with specificity the nature of these possible future modifications or their expected cost, 
and you accept the risk that future modifications may be imposed that will require significant capital 
expenditures in an amount that is unknown on the Effective Date and that cannot be fully amortized over 
the period of time then remaining in the Term.  You agree to adopt and abide by all such modifications, 
changes, additions, deletions and alterations at your sole expense.  
2.9
Quarterly Minimum Gross Revenues.  Each quarter during the Term, the Business must attain 
the following minimum quarterly Gross Revenues for Glass Repair and Glass Replacement Products and 
Services, respectively (the “Minimum Gross Revenues”): 
Year of Agreement
1
$11,250
2
$20,000
3 and each subsequent year
$25,000
A year will be measured from the first day of the month following the month you sign this Agreement.  If 
you have entered this Agreement by way of an option to reacquire, renew or extend, then you must 
always, during every quarter of the Term, attain the Minimum Gross Revenues applicable to Year 3 in the 
table above.  A “Quarter” will mean three (3) consecutive calendar months, beginning on the date of the 
first full three months after the date of this Agreement.  If you do not generate the Minimum Gross 
Revenues during any quarter of this Agreement, then we will have the right to terminate this Agreement 
under the terms of Section 15.1. 
2.10
Conditions. 
(a)
You shall operate the Business throughout the Territory in compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement and in conformity with the Business System for the entire Term. 
(b)
The rights and privileges we grant to you under this Agreement are personal in nature; 
you do not have the right to franchise, sub-franchise, license, sublicense or subcontract any of 
your rights under this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically provided for herein. 
(c)
You do not have the right to Sell or Transfer this Agreement, your rights under this 
Agreement, or the Business, except as specifically provided for in this Agreement. 
