6.
Products and Services.  You agree that you and Your Related Parties that operate 
Other Businesses shall obtain our  prior written consent, to be granted or 
withheld in our sole discretion, before substituting, adding or removing any 
business at the Facility. 
18.
Indemnification by You.  Section 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
19.1 
Indemnification by You.  We are not responsible for Claims and/or 
Damages arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with your or Your 
Related Parties’ operation of the Business, the Other Businesses, or any other 
activity at the Facility.  You agree to indemnify us and our Affiliates against, and 
reimburse us and our Affiliates for, all Claims and/or Damages we incur in 
defending any claim brought against us or in any action in which we are named 
as a party arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the Business, 
the Other Businesses, the Retail Location, the Facility, and/or the operation of the 
Business or the Other Businesses, including Claims and/or Damages arising 
from: (a) any personal injury, property damage, commercial loss or 
environmental contamination resulting from any act or omission by you or Your 
Related Parties, or your or Your Related Parties’ employees, agents or 
representatives; (b) any failure on your or Your Related Parties’ part to comply 
with any federal, state or local laws or regulations; (c) your failure to pay any of 
your debts or obligations; (d) Your Related Parties’ failure to pay any of their 
debts or obligations; or (e) your or Your Related Parties’ failure to comply with 
any requirement or condition of this Agreement or any other agreement with us 
or our Affiliates.  We will have the right to defend, at your expense, any claim 
made against us arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the 
Business, the Other Businesses, the Retail Location, the Facility. 
19.
Other Businesses Gross Revenues.  The definition of “Gross Revenues” included in Paragraph x 
in Schedule “A” of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following sentences at the 
end of Paragraph x: 
Gross Revenues shall not include revenues from any Other Businesses operated 
by you or Your Related Parties at the Facility, other than the Business.  If you  or 
any of Your Related Parties sell, or permit to be sold, any products or services 
under the Marks in the Facility, even if such products and services are not those 
customary to the Business, such revenues shall be included in Gross Revenues.  
Windshield wipers and wiper fluid sales shall be included in Gross Revenues 
only with respect to windshield wipers and wiper fluid ordered, sold, or provided 
in connection with services rendered at the Business.  You agree to enter any such 
sales into the Novus point of sale system. 
20.
Separate Business and Legal Entity.  Prior to entering into the Franchise Agreement (and this 
Addendum) you must set up a separate and distinct legal entity to own and operate the Business 
and act as the Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.  You may not use the same Franchisee 
