Novus FDD (03/2025) 
41 
thereafter, other subsequent Novus® businesses within the Territory.  In such case, you will be required to 
sign an addendum to the Franchise Agreement and to each of the other franchise agreements in a form we 
require that among other things: (i) establishes that the defined “Territory” under the Franchise Agreement 
and the other franchise agreements shall be the Territory as long as all these agreements are with you, and 
you own and operate all of the Novus® retail businesses within the Territory under these agreements, and 
(ii) establishes how the Territory will be split up if you ever transfer the Franchise Agreement or the other 
franchise agreements to a third party. 
In addition, if at any time you fail to properly service a national or regional insurance company, fleet 
account, or other account we provide to you in your Territory, then we will have the right, in addition to 
any other rights we may have under your Franchise Agreement, to service these accounts through another 
franchisee or licensee, a company owned Novus® business, affiliated or related companies, other service 
providers, and all other methods of service, without payment of any compensation to you.  If you have a 
customer that requests any glass product or service that you do not offer at your business but that is offered 
at other Novus® businesses operating within or adjacent to your Territory, then you must refer that customer 
to another Novus® business before referring that customer elsewhere.  If there is another Novus® business 
within or adjacent to your Territory, then you must refer the customer to that business (or if there is more 
than one, then to the closest Novus® business to the customer’s home or place of business).  If there are no 
other Novus® businesses located within these areas, then you may refer the customer to anyone you choose.  
You will not be paid for these referrals. 
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.   
Except as set forth above, we and our affiliates retain all rights not granted to you under a Franchise 
Agreement or Development Agreement, including the sale of similar or dissimilar products and services, 
and any other activities we deem appropriate, without compensating you in any manner when we make 
sales through these channels or under these brands, whenever and wherever we desire.  For example, we 
can operate, or grant to someone else a franchise or license to operate, at any location outside the Territory, 
a glass repair and/or glass replacement business, including a mobile business, operating under the Novus 
mark.  We can operate, or grant to someone else a franchise or license to operate a glass repair and/or glass 
replacement business, or any other business, whether inside or outside the Territory, so long as they do not 
use the Novus® mark or Novus® business system.  We can also purchase, merge with, acquire or affiliate 
with, or be purchased or acquired by, an existing network, chain, entity, or any other business, regardless 
of the locations or territories of the other franchise, chain, entity, or other business, whether inside or outside 
the Territory, and, following any purchase, merger, acquisition, or affiliations, operate, franchise, or license 
those businesses or being operated, franchised or licensed by those businesses, using the Novus® business 
system whether inside or outside the Territory. 
You may sell the products and services associated with your Novus® business anywhere in the Territory, 
but you do not have the right to conduct business outside the Territory or solicit business outside the 
Territory without our consent.  While we have the right to withhold our consent in our discretion, if you are 
in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, and we have not seen or heard any recent significant 
complaints about your business, we will generally provide our consent to you performing services at 
locations that are not within the territory or area of primary responsibility assigned to another franchisee or 
company-owned location.   
We also do not prevent our franchisees from advertising their business in any manner (including through 
channels of distribution like the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing), including 
within your Territory.  However, all of your advertising, including your website, must be approved by us, 
and you may not establish any other website, web page, social media or social networking website, profile 
