TAG NETWORK PARTICIPANT AGREEMENT 
This 
TAG 
Network 
Participant 
Agreement 
(the 
"Agreement"), effective this ______ day of                        , 
20      (the “Effective Date”), is made and entered into by 
and between [INSERT FULL LEGAL NAME OF 
NOVUS 
FRANCHISEE] 
("Participant", "you" or 
"your"), and SPEEDY NOVUS GLASS LLC ("TAG"). 
Participant and TAG are also herein referred to individually 
as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". 
WHEREAS, TAG is a third-party referral service and 
facilitator of auto glass repair and replacement transactions, 
providing payment intermediary and related administrative 
services (the “TAG Services”) to auto insurers and vehicle 
fleet managers (hereinafter "Work Providers" and each a 
"Work Provider") in connection with the sale and supply 
by participants of auto glass repair and replacement 
services for vehicles owned and/or operated by the insureds 
or fleet program members (collectively, “Customers”), as 
the case may be, of Work Providers (the “TAG Network”); 
and 
WHEREAS, Participant, pursuant to an agreement dated 
the ___ day of ___________, 20__ with Novus Franchising 
2 LLC (the “Franchisor”), an affiliate of TAG (the 
“Franchise Agreement”), owns and operates a Novus 
Glass business specializing in the sale and performance of 
automotive glass replacement, repairs and related services 
(the “Auto Glass Services”); and  
WHEREAS, Participant is desirous of performing the Auto 
Glass Services for Customers referred and introduced to it 
by TAG, subject to and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement, as well as the 
policies and procedures of TAG; 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual 
obligations contained herein, the Parties agree as follows: 
1)
THE TAG NETWORK 
a) 
No Exclusivity. You acknowledge and accept 
that your participation in the TAG Network is 
non-exclusive.  TAG may and will contract with 
other participants or providers of the Auto Glass 
Services in the same geographic area that you 
operate your business. Those other participants 
may be other Novus Glass franchisees, businesses 
associated with other glass repair and/or 
replacement networks, or independent Auto Glass 
Services providers. TAG may provide Work 
Providers and Customers with a choice of one or 
more participants or other service providers 
offering the Auto Glass Services in the same 
geographic area. TAG will, in referring requests 
for Auto Glass Services to participants, act in a 
manner consistent with the preferences, if any, 
communicated to TAG by the Work Provider or 
Customer. 
 
You further acknowledge and accept that you 
may not, in every instance, be presented as an 
available provider of the Auto Glass Services to 
all, or any particular Work Providers or 
Customers who are in the same geographic area 
as you. In general, the referral of any Work 
Provider or Customer to a particular participant 
shall be within the sole discretion of TAG. 
b) 
No Minimum Commitment.  You acknowledge 
and agree that neither TAG, nor any other person 
or entity acting on its behalf, has made any 
commitment to you as to the volume, frequency 
or type of work you may expect to receive under 
this Agreement. 
c) 
Independent 
Contractor. 
The 
Parties 
acknowledge and agree that Participant is an 
independent contractor and not an agent, servant, 
employee or partner or TAG or any affiliate of 
TAG.  Neither Party shall have the authority to 
commit the other Party to any action or endeavor 
without the explicit, written consent of both 
Parties. 
2)
TERM AND TERMINATION 
a)
The term of this Agreement shall commence 
on the Effective Date and continue for a 
period of one [1] year (the “Initial Term”) 
and shall automatically renew for successive 
periods of one year (each a “Renewal 
Term”) unless terminated by either Party by 
providing written notice at least sixty (60) 
days prior to the expiration of the Initial 
Term, or applicable Renewal Term.  
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, 
for any reason or no reason, and at any time, 
by providing thirty (30) days’ prior written 
notice to the other Party. 
b)
Termination for Cause. This Agreement 
may 
be 
terminated 
by 
either 
Party, 
immediately upon written notice (i) in the 
event 
of 
dissolution, 
loss 
of 
license, 
abandonment, actual, alleged or suspected 
fraud, 
willful 
misconduct, 
negligence, 
insolvency or lack of legal capacity to act on 
the part of TAG or Participant; and (ii) upon 
any breach of any term or condition of this 
Agreement which is not cured by the 
breaching party within ten (10) days after 
receipt of notice in writing of such breach 
from the other Party. In addition, TAG may 
terminate this Agreement immediately upon 
written notice to Participant in the event of a 
breach by Participant of the Franchise 
Agreement that Participant fails or neglects to 
remedy within the applicable cure period 
under the Franchise Agreement, or the 
