Novus FDD (03/2025) 
4 
The Business We Offer 
The franchise that we offer is for the operation of a business offering windshield repair, installation and 
repair of automotive glass, and installation and repair of other glass products (the “Novus® business”) that 
may be operated from either a fixed retail location or from a mobile vehicle under the terms of a “Franchise 
Agreement” (Exhibits D-2 (Retail Location) and D-3 (Mobile Business) to this Disclosure Document).  
The Franchise Agreement you sign will be our then-current form of agreement, which may differ from the 
current Franchise Agreements included with this Disclosure Document.  Fixed retail location franchisees 
provide windshield repair, and glass installation and repair services, to customers on a full-time basis during 
normal business hours from the franchised location and, in addition, have the right to provide these services 
to customers from specially equipped vehicles.  A mobile franchise provides these services from specially 
equipped vehicles and does not maintain a retail location. 
If you (or your affiliate) have entered into a franchise agreement with our affiliate, ProColor USA, for the 
operation of a ProColor Collision Center and you desire to operate a Novus® retail business at the same 
location under a Franchise Agreement with us, we will offer you, at your request, the option of entering 
into an Amendment to your Franchise Agreement (“ProColor Amendment”) (Exhibit K to this Disclosure 
Document) to reduce the term and any renewal term of the Franchise Agreement from 10 years to 5 years to 
match the term and any renewal term of the ProColor® franchise agreement, and to reduce certain fees payable under 
the Franchise Agreement in consideration of you opening and operating a Novus® retail business at your (or 
your affiliate’s) ProColor Collision Center business.   
We also offer to qualified people the right to develop 2 or more Novus locations within a specific territory 
under the terms of an Area Development Agreement.  If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you 
will sign a separate Franchise Agreement for each Novus® business you develop under your Area 
Development Agreement.  You will sign the first Franchise Agreement at the time you sign the Area 
Development Agreement.  The form of the remaining Franchise Agreements will be our then-current form 
of Franchise Agreement at the time you are ready to develop the additional businesses.   
We and National Automotive Parts Association (“NAPA”) have entered into a Master Promotion 
Agreement to promote the Novus® retail franchise offering to certain operators of NAPA Auto Care Centers 
located in the United States.  If the Novus® franchise will be operated in connection with the operation of 
other business(es) offering other automotive-related goods and services (in conjunction with the “NAPA 
Auto Care” designation and program), you and we also will sign a NAPA Co-Location Addendum to the 
Franchise Agreement, modifying certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and corresponding to the 
term of the Franchise Agreement.  If the term of the Franchise Agreement will be for the standard 10 years, 
you and we will sign the “10-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum” in the form attached as Exhibit D-9.  
If you request and we allow you, in our sole discretion, to enter into a Franchise Agreement for a 5-year 
term to be more consistent with the term of the agreement for the existing NAPA Auto Care Center to be 
operated in connection with the Novus® franchise, you and we will sign the “5-Year NAPA Co-Location 
Addendum” in the form attached as Exhibit D-10.  The 10-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum and the 
5-Year NAPA Co-Location Addendum are together referred to as the “NAPA Co-Location Addenda.” 
At your request, we may allow, in our sole discretion, one of your affiliates to own and operate an additional 
business that will offer automotive-related services that are not offered by Novus® retail businesses under 
marks other than the Marks within or adjacent to your Novus® retail business.  If we grant your request to 
allow an affiliate to own and operate such an additional business, you and we will sign the “Additional 
Business Addendum” in the form attached as Exhibit D-11, modifying certain provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement, including the non-competition provisions.  The Additional Business Addendum will describe 
the additional business to be operated by your affiliate (the “Exempt Business”), the automotive-related 
services that may be offered from the Exempt Business (the “Exempt Business Services”), and facility 
that the Novus® retail business and Exempt Business will occupy (the “Facility”). 
