Glass Repair Only Re-Franchise Addendum 
4. 
(i) 
While conducting Replacement Services, you, your employees and your affiliates may 
not wear any clothing or uniform that displays the “Novus” name or the Marks, unless we 
have given you our prior written approval. 
We will not initially require you to pay us Royalty Fees or any other fees based on your Gross 
Revenues from Replacement Services, but if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this 
Section 18.2, then you must begin paying Royalty Fees and satisfying required advertising 
expenditures due under this Agreement, as of the date of the breach of these provisions, on all 
Gross Revenues you received from Replacement Services.  In addition, if you fail to comply with 
any of the terms of this Section 18.2, then in addition to all of the rights and remedies we may 
have as a result of your default, our right to audit and review your Financial Records, will include 
all records related to your Replacement Services business.  In all cases, Gross Revenues from the 
Replacement Services will not count toward the required Minimum Gross Revenues or the 
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees or in the calculation of the amount we will spend on Marketing 
Expenditures.   
12.)
Post-Term Covenant Not-to-Compete.  The provisions of Section 18.3 of the Franchise 
Agreement shall be supplemented by adding the following sentence immediately following the first 
sentence thereof, and prior to the last two sentences thereof: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, prior to the date you began operating as a Novus® franchisee 
you had any involvement in a business that offered, sold and provided Glass Replacement 
Products and Services, the term “Competitive Business” shall not be deemed to refer to the 
continued operation of that prior business, provided that business does not offer, sell or provide 
Glass Repair Products and Services.   
13.)
General Release.  In consideration of our agreement to re-franchise your Novus®
business, you hereby release and forever discharge us and our affiliates, as well as our respective 
shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents, in their corporate and individual capacities, and 
their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, from any and all claims you may 
have against us and them, known and unknown, from the beginning of time through today, whether the 
claims are in law or in equity, including but not limited to any claims arising out of the offer or sale of 
any Novus® franchise to you, and any matters arising under the expiring franchise agreement you have 
with us.   
14.)
Ratification.  Except as specifically amended by this Addendum, each of us hereby ratify 
and reaffirm our respective obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  All capitalized terms in this 
Addendum will have the same meaning as provided for in the Franchise Agreement.   
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
