Novus FDD (03/2025) 
2 
As a part of our acquisition of the Novus Glass® system, NFI transferred all Novus Glass® franchise 
agreements and affiliate licenses to us, and the company-owned businesses were transferred to Speedy 
Novus Glass, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Speedy Novus Glass”), an affiliate of ours.  
The principal business address of Speedy Novus Glass is the same as ours.  As part of this acquisition, 
Speedy Novus Glass also purchased all the assets of Speedy Glass Franchising Systems, Inc. (“Speedy 
Franchising”).  Speedy Novus Glass owns and operates automotive, commercial and residential glass 
repair and replacement businesses, which are substantially similar to Novus® businesses and referenced in 
Item 20.  As of December 31, 2020, all remaining Speedy Glass franchises had converted to Novus Glass 
franchises.  Except as described above, neither we nor Speedy Novus Glass have offered franchises in any 
other line of business.  
We have 2 affiliates that sell or lease products or services directly to our franchisees.   
Novus 2 LLC (“Novus 2”) is an affiliate of ours that (a) sells resins to our franchisees, and 
(b) develops and leases windshield repair equipment to Novus® franchisees.  It acquired its 
business from Novus Inc., as part of our acquisition of the Novus Glass® system.  Novus 2 also 
purchased all the assets of Shat R Proof Corp., a Washington corporation (“Shat R Proof”) when 
we acquired the assets of the Novus Glass® system.  While Shat R Proof did not sell any products 
or services to our franchisees, it was a distributor of chemicals, equipment and other products that 
are used for glass restoration, scratch removal, glass repair, and glass replacement.  Novus 2 has 
taken over this business, which distributes a line of these products to us for our distribution under 
the Novus® brand name.  You will purchase these products to operate your Novus® business.  
Novus 2 also distributes paint restoration products and other products under the name “SRP Paint 
Restoration Systems” and under other brand names through distributors, licensees, dealerships, 
corporate locations, franchises, and subdistributors.  The principal address of Novus 2 is the same 
as ours.   
Speedy Novus Glass, identified above, operates the Trans America Glass (“TAG”) Network, which 
is a claims management service that connects insurers, fleet managers, and customers with glass 
repair and replacement service providers, including our franchisees and others.  That network is 
located in Burnaby, Canada, but the principal office of Speedy Novus Glass is the same as ours. 
We have several affiliates that offer franchises under the Novus trademark in other countries:  
When we acquired the assets of the Novus Glass® system, our parent, Mondofix, purchased all the 
assets of TCGI (Jersey) Ltd.  That company was the Master Franchisor for the Novus brand outside 
the United States and Canada, where it offers franchises for Novus Glass® Repair and Replacement, 
and Novus Scratch Removal businesses.  As of December 31, 2024, Mondofix had 104 
international licensees.  Mondofix has never offered franchises in any other business, and it does 
not operate any Novus Glass® Repair or Novus Scratch Removal businesses.   
Fix Auto Australia Pty Ltd. (“Fix Auto Australia”), located at 9/197 Murarrie Road, Murarrie, 
Queensland 4172, is another affiliate of ours.  It purchased all the assets of TCG Australia Pty Ltd. 
at the time we acquired the assets of the Novus Glass® system.  TCG Australia Pty Ltd. was the 
Master Franchisee for the Novus Glass® Repair and Replacement and for Novus Scratch Removal 
businesses in Queensland, New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory, Victoria, South 
Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania and Northern Territory, Australia.  As of December 31, 
2024, Fix Auto Australia had 47 Novus Glass® franchisees.  Fix Auto Australia also offers an auto 
body franchise under the name Fix Auto, and as of December 31, 2024, it had 23 franchises in 
Australia operating under this name.  Fix Auto Australia does not offer franchises in any other 
business, and does not operate any Novus Glass® Repair or Novus Scratch Removal businesses.  
There is also a master franchisee in New Zealand that had 48 Novus Glass® franchisees, 9 
