Novus Franchising 2 LLC 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
8 
Advertising costs and deferred revenue 
The Company expenses the costs of advertising when the advertisements are first aired or displayed. All other 
advertising and promotional costs are expensed in the year incurred. Franchisees contribute to advertising funds 
managed by the Company. Under the Company’s franchise agreements, contributions received from franchisees 
must be spent on advertising, marketing and related activities and result in no net income being recognized by the 
Company. To the extent that contributions received exceed expenditures, the excess contributions are recorded 
as deferred revenue. 
 
Rights 
Rights consist of rights acquired from the business combination representing the exclusive area developer for the 
Novus Glass franchise network in the United States of America. The Company believes these rights can be 
extended for an indefinite period at no significant additional cost and as such does not amortize them. 
 
If facts and circumstances suggest that rights may be impaired, the carrying value is reviewed. If this review 
indicates that the value of the rights is not recoverable, as determined by the projected undiscounted cash flows 
related to the asset over its remaining life, then the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value 
and an impairment loss is recognized.  
 
Income taxes 
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events 
that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and 
the tax bases of the assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the temporary 
differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded if, based on the 
weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be 
realized. 
 
The Company is a member of a group, consisting of its parent company and other companies under common 
control that files its income tax return on a consolidated basis. Current and deferred income taxes are allocated to 
the Company as if it were a separate taxpayer. Any tax effect of the Company’s operating activity is passed to its 
parent company for equal consideration if the tax effect can be realized using the consolidated approach. 
 
Comprehensive income 
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income is defined as 
the change in shareholders’ equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from 
non-owner sources. Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is the same as the 
Company’s net income. 
 
