Novus FDD (03/2025) 
43 
with competing businesses, wherever located.  We and our affiliates also reserve the right to establish multi-
area marketing programs (like Internet, shows and events, directories, and affinity, vendor or co-branding 
programs) that may require your participation, payment of commissions, and adherence to maximum 
pricing structures permitted by law, and may allow us and our related companies to solicit or sell to 
customers located in your Territory or Development Territory.  The TAG Network, owned by one of our 
affiliates, also refers glass claims business to other glass businesses, which may include businesses within 
your Territory or Development Territory 
Speedy Novus Glass owns and operates businesses using the name Speedy Auto Glass, Speedy Glass, 
Speedy Glass Auto, Residential & Commercial, and Speedy Auto & Window Glass stores (the “Speedy 
Stores”).  It does not currently offer franchises for that business, although its predecessor did previously 
do so and there are some Speedy Auto Glass franchises in existence today.  (See Item 20.)  Speedy 
Franchising and Speedy Auto Glass share offices with us.  Speedy Stores install and repair auto glass, sun 
roofs, residential and commercial flat glass, mirrors, insulated windows, shower doors, and related items, 
and perform automotive paint restoration products and services.  Speedy corporate locations may have 
Novus® add-on franchises or licenses and offer Novus® products and services to their customers.  Speedy 
Stores may be opened, located, and operated within the Territory we grant to you (even if we grant you the 
right to be a Speedy Glass Certified Dealer), but we currently will not grant any of those stores the right to 
use Novus® products in their business if that would expressly contravene any exclusive territory we gave 
to a Novus® franchisee.  Novus 2 also sells resins and windshield repair equipment under other brand names 
to companies for use in their glass repair businesses, including Speedy.  Likewise, Novus 2 may sell or 
distribute glass adhesives, tools and other products to other glass repair and replacement companies in your 
Territory, if those products do not have the Novus® trademark on them.  All of these businesses could 
compete with you, and we do not address any conflicts you may have with these businesses over territories, 
customers or support.   
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, these are the only businesses that we or our affiliates 
operate or plan to operate that sell goods or services similar to those you will sell.  
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
You will have the right to use the trademarks, services marks, and logos we designate in writing (the 
“Marks”), subject to certain limitations specified in Articles 2 and 4 of the Franchise Agreements.  You 
may only use the Marks to promote and perform glass repair and glass repair and replacement in accordance 
with the Novus® business system and under the limitations described in your Franchise Agreement.  If your 
Novus® business does not offer automotive glass replacement, you may not use any of the Marks that are 
for glass replacement only, and you may not offer or sell glass replacement or related services under any 
of the Marks. 
We have the right to use and license the following principal trademarks that are registered on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”): 
Mark 
Registration Date 
Registration Number 
NOVUS (for plastic polish) 
8-10-1976 
1,045,704 
NOVUS (for glass repair products and 
equipment) 
9-18-1984 
1,295,361 
NOVUS (for glass repair services) 
5-5-1987 
1,438,701 
