2
termination, for any reason, of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
c)
Post-Termination Obligations. Despite the 
expiration or earlier termination of this 
Agreement as provided herein, the provisions 
of this Agreement shall continue to apply, 
and each of the Parties shall perform and 
discharge its respective obligations hereunder 
to the extent required to deliver, to the 
satisfaction of the Work Provider, any of the 
TAG Services and Auto Glass Services 
commenced prior to the effective date of such 
expiration or termination. In addition, TAG 
and Participant shall, at the request of the 
Work Provider, cooperate with one another to 
the extent reasonably necessary or desirable 
in the opinion of TAG to effect the orderly 
transfer of the Auto Glass Services from 
Participant to a replacement service provider. 
3)
OBLIGATIONS OF PARTICIPANT  
a)
Approved Glass and Parts. Participant shall 
only use Novus branded windshield repair resins, 
as well as new OE or OEE certified windshield 
glass and other products in connection with the 
performance of all Auto Glass Services, unless 
used glass is requested and approved by the Work 
Provider in writing. 
b)
Windshield 
Repair 
Warranty. 
Participant 
guarantees that all windshields repaired by it will 
not crack further and will pass all vehicle safety 
inspections administered by any governmental or 
other regulatory authority having jurisdiction 
over Participant and performance of the Auto 
Glass Services, for as long as the vehicle is 
owned by current owner.  If a windshield repair 
fails for any reason, Participant will refund the 
cost of the repair in full or, at the election of the 
Work Provider, apply the equivalent amount as a 
credit toward a windshield replacement.  In the 
event that Participant is not able to replace the 
windshield for any reason, the price of the 
original repair shall be refunded by Participant to 
the Work Provider in full. 
c)
Windshield 
Replacement 
Warranty.
Participant 
guarantees 
all 
windshield 
replacements against defects in material and 
workmanship for as long as the original customer 
owns the vehicle. Participant shall, upon request, 
provide the Work Provider, and/or the Customer, 
with a copy of the applicable warranty terms and 
conditions. 
d)
Warranty Claims. Participant will be solely 
responsible for resolving any warranty claims 
that may arise.  If Participant fails to perform any 
warranty work to the satisfaction of the Work 
Provider, or if the Work Provider elects to engage 
a different Participant to undertake and complete 
the warranty work, TAG will pay such alternate 
Participant (the “Alternate Shop”) for such 
services, and the original Participant shall 
reimburse TAG upon demand the amount so paid 
to the Alternate Shop in full. 
e)
No 
Sub-contracting. Participant 
shall not 
delegate the Auto Glass Services referred to it by 
TAG, or any portion of such services, to any third 
party without the prior written approval of TAG, 
which approval may be withheld in TAG’s sole 
and absolute discretion. 
f)
Books and Records. Participant shall, (i) prepare 
and retain such records in Canada in respect of 
Auto Glass Services performed by it, in 
accordance with customary practices consistently 
applied in the ordinary course of business, for a 
period of seven (7) years, in hard copy and 
electronic format as TAG or the Work Provider 
may from to time require (collectively, “Auto 
Glass Services Records”); and (ii) deliver to, or 
present for inspection by TAG or the Work 
Provider, in the form requested by TAG or the 
Work Provider, within five (5) days of a request.     
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the Auto Glass Services Records shall include:  

Customer signature on Participant’s 
invoice/work order 

Vehicle description including VIN and 
odometer reading 

Documentation sufficient to establish 
purchases of all windshield and related 
parts used  

Detailed description of Auto Glass 
Services 
provided, 
including 
confirmation of diagnostics completed 
and successful calibration 

Photographs of damage to Customer’s 
vehicle 
g)
Complaint Resolution.  Participant shall respond 
to, and initiate all appropriate corrective actions 
within twenty-four (24) hours of receiving notice 
of a complaint from a Customer or Work 
Provider (a “Complaint Notice”), and resolve the 
issue which is the subject of the Complaint 
Notice, to the satisfaction of the Customer or 
Work Provider, within forty-eight (48) hours of 
receiving the Complaint Notice, or prior to 
expiration of such longer cure period as TAG 
may approve in writing. If a Customer or Work 
Provider, acting reasonably, is not satisfied with 
the steps taken by Participant to address a 
Complaint Notice, the original amount of the 
Auto Glass Services in question will be deducted 
in full from any amounts that Participant may be 
