- 2 - 
(b)
The word “including” means, “including but not limited to”, and “including but not by 
way of limitation.”  
(c)
References to any agreement, contract or plan are to that agreement, contract or plan as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and 
thereof. Any reference in this Agreement to any person includes its heirs, administrators, 
executors, legal personal representatives, predecessors, successors and permitted assigns of that 
person.
(d)
The Schedules annexed to this Agreement are incorporated by reference and form a part 
of this Agreement. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
2.1
Grant.  We hereby grant to you, and you hereby accept from us, the right, franchise and license, 
for the term and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to operate the Business from at least 
one vehicle, as more specifically described in this Agreement, using the Marks (and no other trade name, 
trademarks, service marks, logos, or commercial symbols), and in conformity with the Business System.   
2.2
Territory.  You will only have the right to use the Marks and the Business System in the 
Territory.  You do not have the right to operate the Business or to solicit or sell any Products and Services 
under the Marks outside of the Territory, except with our written permission, which we may give or 
withdraw at our sole discretion.  You may not change your Territory without our prior written approval, 
which approval we may withhold in our sole discretion.
2.3
Territory Modification Fee.  If we approve a change in your Territory, we will sign an updated 
version of Schedule “B” with you to set forth the new Territory but the new Territory will not take effect 
until we have each signed the updated version of Schedule “B,” and then only after you pay us a Territory 
modification fee of $2,500, which fee will be due within 10 days after we approve the new Territory.
2.4
Independent Relationship.  You are an independent business owner and, as a consequence, there 
is no employer-employee or principal-agent relationship between us and you.  You will not have the right 
to and will not make any agreements, representations or warranties in our name or on our behalf or 
represent that our relationship is other than that of franchisor and franchisee.  Neither of us will be 
obligated by or have any liability to the other under any agreements or representations made by the other 
to any third parties.  You shall take all reasonable steps necessary to inform your employees, clients, 
customers, suppliers, lenders and other business establishments with whom you do business, and the 
general public, that the Business is independently owned and operated by you.  
2.5
Operation of the Business. 
(a)
You have the right to own and operate the Business within your Territory.  You must 
operate at least one  vehicle fully equipped to provide Glass Repair and Glass Replacement 
Products and Services, all other automotive and other glass related Products and Services, and all 
other Products and Services we prescribe or approve, throughout the Term.  Unless we otherwise 
agree, in our sole discretion, you must lease from us all vehicles you use in the operation of the 
Business under this Agreement, and you must sign the agreements we require for use of those 
vehicles, comply with all terms of those agreements, and pay all fees we require for the use of the 
vehicles.  The vehicles you operate under this Agreement may be operated only in your Territory 
and you may not solicit business outside your Territory. 
