2. 
“Exempt Business Services”).  Any such permitted services must be expressly approved by us in 
writing and shall be documented by amending Appendix 1 and shall be subject to any conditions or 
restrictions we impose. We agree that the operation or continued operation of the Exempt Business by 
one of Your Related Parties shall not be a violation of the non-competition provisions of Article 18 of 
the Franchise Agreement.  This exemption shall not extend and apply to any services other than the 
Exempt Business Services, except as expressly approved by us as described above. If you wish to add 
additional services to be exempt in the future, you must submit a request for our approval. If we 
approve the addition of new Exempt Business Services, we will amend Appendix 1 to this Addendum 
to include the newly approved services as part of the updated list of Exempt Business Services..  
Section 18.2 of the Franchise Agreement shall not apply to the Exempt Business so long as the Exempt 
Business does not offer any of the Products and Services of the Franchised Business, unless such 
Products and Services are listed in Appendix 1, and the Exempt Business’ activities do not interfere 
with the operation of the Franchised Business, or your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, as 
we reasonably determine. 
4.
Shared Facility.
The Franchised Business at the Retail Location and the Exempt Business each occupy a portion of a 
shared facility (the “Facility”). As of the date of this Addendum, the Franchised Business currently 
occupies [XXX] square feet of the Facility. You shall not reduce the square footage occupied by the 
Franchised Business at any time during the Term. Before making any changes to the Facility or altering 
the square footage occupied by the Franchised Business, you must submit a site plan or similar 
blueprint of the Facility to us for approval or denial, in our sole discretion.  If we approve the site plan 
or similar blueprint, we shall provide separate written approval.  
5.
Operations Standards And Procedures. 
In consideration of us agreeing to the exemption referenced in Section 3 above, you agree that the 
Exempt Business Services may be offered from the Exempt Business only under the following 
conditions: 
(a) Novus Name. 
(i)
the Exempt Business Services may not be offered under the “Novus” name, and 
neither you nor Your Related Parties may use any of the Marks in association 
therewith.   
(ii)
the Exempt Business Services may not be offered under a name that is confusingly 
similar to the name “Novus” or any of the Marks. 
(b) Uniforms.  Unless otherwise allowed by us, in our sole discretion, you must ensure that employees 
of the Franchised Business:  
(i)
wear the uniforms and standard attire bearing the Marks when performing operations 
or services for the Franchised Business;  
