3. 
(ii)
do not wear other uniforms or attire bearing the trade names, trademarks, service 
marks, logos, or commercial symbols of the Exempt Business when performing 
operations or services for the Franchised Business; and  
(iii)
do not wear the Marks when performing the Exempt Business Services, if any, for the 
Exempt Business. 
(c) Advertising.  The Exempt Business and the Exempt Business Services must be advertised and 
marketed separately from the other aspects of the Franchised Business, including separate printed 
or online directories. 
(d) Signage.  The exterior signage to be installed at the Facility, shall be installed at the Facility, per 
our specifications and written approval, and, once installed, must be maintained in a state of good 
repair and maintenance consistent with the requirements in the Franchise Agreement.  We have 
the right to approve (to be granted or withheld in our sole discretion) all signage bearing the Marks 
at the Facility.  Unless otherwise approved by us in writing (in our sole discretion) all signage 
bearing the Marks shall be of a size at least equal to that of the signage for the Exempt Business 
at the Facility and shall be a completely separate sign from the Exempt Business signage.  No sign, 
logo or advertising media of any kind, to which we object as being inconsistent with the image 
and goodwill of the Marks, the Franchised Business, and/or the Business System, shall be 
displayed in or upon the Facility. 
(e) Franchised Business Premises.  The Franchised Business premises at which you interact face-to-
face with both customers of the Franchised Business and customers of the Exempt Business must: 
(i)
have interior merchandising that meets our specifications; and 
(ii)
meet all other requirements of a Retail Location as set out in the Franchise Agreement 
and the Operations Manual. 
(f) Invoices; Receipts.  The invoices, bills and receipts that customers receive for the Exempt Business 
Services at the Exempt Business may not display or use the “Novus” name or any of the Marks.  
You must ensure that the point of sale and accounting software used in the Franchised Business is 
not used by or for the Exempt Business.   
(g) Maintenance and Cleanliness.  You shall ensure that the premises of the Facility, including any 
area occupied by the Exempt Business, are maintained in a high degree of cleanliness, tidiness, 
repair, safety and condition.  To the extent any of the shared spaces in the Facility do not meet our 
minimum qualifications for such amenities, you shall make, or ensure that the Exempt Business 
makes, all additions, alterations, repairs and replacements as may be reasonably required for the 
purpose, or as may be required by us. 
(h) Separate Business and Legal Entity.  You acknowledge and agree that the Exempt Business must 
at all times be owned and operated by a separate and distinct legal entity that is one of Your Related 
Parties.  You further acknowledge and agree that the only business you will conduct is that of the 
Franchised Business, and that you will not own or operate the Exempt Businesses, except through 
Your Related Parties, or as otherwise permitted in writing by us. Upon request, you shall provide 
sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the Exempt Business is owned and operated by a separate 
and distinct legal entity. If we determine that this requirement is not met, you hereby consent to 
