8.
Gross Revenues shall not include revenues from any Other Businesses operated 
by you or Your Related Parties at the Facility, other than the Business.  If you  or 
any of Your Related Parties sell, or permit to be sold, any products or services 
under the Marks in the Facility, even if such products and services are not those 
customary to the Business, such revenues shall be included in Gross Revenues.  
Windshield wipers and wiper fluid sales shall be included in Gross Revenues 
only with respect to windshield wipers and wiper fluid ordered, sold, or provided 
in connection with services rendered at the Business.  You agree to enter any such 
sales into the Novus point of sale system. 
26.
Separate Business and Legal Entity.  Prior to entering into the Franchise Agreement (and this 
Addendum) you must set up a separate and distinct legal entity to own and operate the Business 
and act as the Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.  You may not use the same Franchisee 
legal entity to own and operate the Other Businesses.  You acknowledge and agree that the only 
business you will conduct is that of the Business, and that you will not own or operate the Other 
Businesses, except through Your Related Parties, or as otherwise permitted in writing by us. 
27.
Amendment and Ratification.  This Addendum shall be considered a part of the Franchise 
Agreement and shall be governed by the provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  You 
acknowledge and agree that this Addendum, on the whole, confers substantial benefits on you in 
connection with the operation of the Novus® retail business at the Retail Location.  Except as 
specifically modified by this Addendum, each of the parties hereby ratifies and reaffirms its 
respective obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
28.
Counterparts.  This Addendum may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Addendum as of the date first above 
written. 
FRANCHISOR: 
NOVUS FRANCHISING 2 LLC 
By: 
 
Its: 
FRANCHISEE: 
By: 
 
Print Name 
Its: 
