4. 
our right to file a UCC-1 financing statement, in our sole discretion, placing a lien on the 
equipment and other assets of the Exempt Business at any time during the Term. 
(i) Our Right to Review.  We or our representatives will have the right at all times to inspect any 
customer facing parts of the Exempt Business to ensure compliance with this Addendum.   
6.
Exempt Business Revenue. 
Gross Revenue shall not include revenues from the Exempt Business operated by Your Related Party 
at the Facility.  If you or the Exempt Business sell, or permit to be sold, any products or services under 
the Marks in the Facility, even if such products and services are not those customary to the Franchised 
Business, such revenues shall be included in Gross Revenue. You agree to enter any such sales into 
the point of sale system of the Franchised Business. 
7.
Photographs And Recordings Of Your Business. 
We have the right, at any time, to photograph, and make video and other recordings of any aspect of 
the Facility or the Exempt Business located at the Facility, and associate vehicles and signage, and to 
use such photographs, videos and other recordings in any advertising and promotional material, in any 
form or medium now existing or later developed.  We may use these items without providing notice 
to you or the Exempt Business, or receiving your consent, and we will not be obligated to make 
attribution or to compensate you or the Exempt Business for their use.  At our request, you will 
cooperate, and ensure that the Exempt Business cooperates with us in taking and arranging for such 
photographs, videos and other recordings, and for obtaining the necessary consents of or assignments 
from individuals depicted in or involved in such photographs, videos and other recordings.  You 
irrevocably assign to us, and shall ensure that the Exempt Business irrevocably assigns to us, all of 
your and the Exempt Business’ right, title, and interest, if any, in and to all such photographs, videos 
and other recordings, together with all related intellectual property rights.  You are responsible for 
obtaining any consent necessary to allow us to exercise our rights in this Section 7, including without 
limitation consents from the Exempt Business and Your Related Party that owns and operates the 
Exempt Business. 
8.
Additional Insurance Obligations. 
You shall ensure that you and Your Related Party that operates the Exempt Business have insurance 
policies in place that meet the insurance obligations described in the Franchise Agreement, and those 
insurance policies must name us as an additional named insured, and provide that we will receive 
copies of all notices of changes in these policies, or cancelation, nonrenewal, or coverage reduction or 
elimination, at least 30 days before any cancellation, nonrenewal or change takes effect.  Insurance 
policies must cover both the Retail Location and Facility.  Before operating the Exempt Business, and 
immediately after changing any insurance coverage, you must provide us with certificates of insurance 
confirming the Exempt Business has obtained all insurance coverage we require. 
