- 39 - 
personal service will be effective when delivered by hand, notice by overnight delivery service will be 
effective on the next business day after sent, and notice by facsimile will be effective when confirmation 
is received at the point of transmission. 
20.17
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts, each of 
which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same 
Agreement. The parties will be entitled to rely upon delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed 
electronic copy of this Agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic copy will be legally 
effective to create a valid and binding agreement between the parties. 
GOVERNING LAW 
21.1
Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §1051 et seq.), this Agreement and the relationship between us will be governed 
by the laws of Minnesota, but if you are not a resident of Minnesota or the Territory does not include a 
portion of Minnesota, then the Minnesota Franchises Act will not apply to this Agreement. 
21.2
Severability.  The severability provisions of this Agreement contained in Section 20.4 of this 
Agreement will pertain to all of the applicable laws that conflict with or modify the provisions of this 
Agreement, including the provisions of this Agreement specifically addressed in the state-specific 
addenda included in Schedule “E” of this Agreement. 
DISCLAIMER AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
22.1
Disclaimer.  You hereby acknowledge that we do not warrant or guarantee to you that you will 
earn any profit from the Business, or that we will refund all or part of the Initial Fee or the price you pay 
for the Business or repurchase any of the Products and Services supplied or sold by us, or by a Designated 
Supplier or Approved Supplier, if you are unsatisfied with the Business.  We expressly disclaim the 
making of any express or implied representations or warranties regarding the sales, earnings, income, 
profits, Gross Revenues, business or financial success, or value of the Business except as may be 
provided for in Item 19 of our Franchise Disclosure Document. 
22.2
Your Acknowledgments.  You hereby acknowledge and agree that: 
(a)
you have had a full and adequate opportunity to read and review this Agreement and to 
be thoroughly advised of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by an attorney or other 
personal advisor; 
(b)
you have had sufficient time to evaluate and investigate the Business System, the 
financial requirements and the economic and business risks associated with the owning and 
operating the Business; 
(c)
you have conducted an independent investigation of the Novus® glass business concept 
and recognize that the business venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business and 
economic risks; 
(d)
the financial, business and economic success of the Business will be primarily dependent 
on your personal efforts and the efforts of your management and your employees, and on 
economic conditions in the Territory and in general; 
