NY (Mobile) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR MOBILE BUSINESS 
FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all 
Novus® franchises offered and sold or operated in the State of New York. 
1.
Section 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business is amended to provide that 
you are not required to indemnify us against claims arising out of our breach of contract, negligence or 
other civil wrong, however the amendment of Article 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile 
Business will not affect in any way your obligation to obtain and maintain insurance coverage in 
accordance with Article 12 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business. 
2.
Any modifications to the Operations Manual we make will not unreasonably increase 
your obligations under this Agreement and will not place an excessive economic burden on the Business. 
3.
Any release required in the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business or any addendum 
thereto, and the choice of law provisions of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business will not be 
considered a waiver of any right you are given under Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State 
of New York. 
4.
Section 14.8 of the Franchise Agreement for Mobile Business is amended to provide that 
no assignment shall be made except to an assignee who in good faith and judgment of the Franchisor, is 
willing and financially able to assume the Franchisor’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement for 
Mobile Business. 
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
6.
Any sale made must be in compliance with Section 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act 
(N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. Section 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure 
Document (offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made.  
New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the 
first personal meeting, ten (10 business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or 
the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of 
New York are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
[Signatures on next page] 
