2 
Development Territory, and (ii) we and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to grant franchises or 
licenses to others to operate, businesses that offer Glass Repair and Glass Replacement Products and 
Services, and other businesses, within and outside the Development Territory under trademarks other than 
the Marks, all without compensation to you.  In addition, you acknowledge that we may have previously 
granted one or more franchises and/or affiliate license agreements in the Development Territory, that 
these license agreements allow the licensee to offer Glass Repair and Replacement Products and Services 
through their existing businesses that may be located within your Development Territory, and those 
licensees will be able to continue to offer Glass Repair and Replacement Products and Services under 
their existing franchise or license agreements, including having the right to renew those agreements and to 
transfer their rights to any purchaser of their Novus Glass® business. 
2. 
Development Fee.  You must pay us a Development Fee in an amount equal to $10,500, 
multiplied by the number of Novus Businesses set forth in the Rider.  This fee is payable in full when you 
sign this Agreement.  However, we will credit $10,500 of this fee against the Initial Fee payable to us 
under each of the Franchise Agreements you sign for the Novus Businesses. 
A. 
You must sign the Franchise Agreement for your first Novus Business concurrently with 
this Agreement, and pay to us all fees due under such agreement (with a credit of $10,500 toward the 
Initial Fee as set forth above).   
B. 
The Development Fee is consideration for this Agreement and not consideration for any 
Franchise Agreement.  It is fully earned by us when we sign this Agreement and is non-refundable. 
3. 
Development Schedule.  The following provisions control with respect to your 
development rights and obligations: 
A. 
You must comply with the Development Schedule requirements regarding (i) your 
signing of the Franchise Agreements, (ii) the opening date for each Novus Business, and (iii) the 
cumulative number of Novus Businesses to be opened and continuously operating in the Development 
Territory.  If you fail to either sign a Franchise Agreement or to open a Novus Business according to the 
dates set forth in the Rider, we, in our sole discretion, may immediately terminate this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 5. 
B. 
You may not open a Novus Business under this Agreement unless you have notified us of 
your intention to develop the Novus Business at least thirty (30) days prior to the date set forth for signing 
the Franchise Agreement in the Development Schedule and met each of the following conditions (these 
conditions apply to each Novus Business to be developed in the Development Territory): 
1. 
Good Standing.  You must not be in default of this Agreement, any Franchise 
Agreement entered into pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement between you or any of 
your affiliates and us or any of our affiliates.  You also must have satisfied on a timely basis all 
monetary and material obligations under the Franchise Agreements for all existing Novus 
Businesses.   
2. 
Execution of Franchise Agreement.  You and we have entered into our current 
form of Franchise Agreement for the proposed Novus Business.  You understand that we may 
modify the then-current form of Franchise Agreement from time to time and that it may be different 
than the current form of Franchise Agreement, including different fees and obligations; provided, 
however, that we will credit $10,500 against the Initial Fee payable under each of those agreements.  
You understand and agree that any and all Franchise Agreements will be construed and exist 
independently of this Agreement.  Once you and we have signed each Franchise Agreement, the 
