- 12 - 
further acknowledge that it is of paramount importance to maintaining the uniform high-quality image for 
windshield repair services associated by the public with the Marks and Business System that only Resins 
and Related Products be used by all businesses performing windshield repair services under the “Novus®” 
name.  Therefore, in order to maintain and ensure the quality of the windshield repair services you 
provide to your customers under the “Novus®” name, and in order for us to allow you to participate in any 
warranty programs we offer, you shall use only the Resins and Related Products that we designate or 
approve in writing.  You shall not resell any Resins and Related Products to any person or entity without 
our prior written consent. You hereby acknowledge that breach of this Section 7.4 will be considered a 
material breach of this Agreement and can result in termination as provided under subsection 15.1(e). 
7.5
Designated Suppliers.  You may only purchase Resins and Related Products from us or from our 
Designated Supplier.  We may require, in our sole discretion, that you purchase certain other Products and 
Services we specify only from a Designated Supplier.  We or our Affiliates may be a Designated 
Supplier, and the only Designated Supplier, for certain Products and Services.  You shall not have the 
right to substitute any new supplier or distributor for any Designated Supplier or to require us to appoint 
or approve any new supplier or distributor as a Designated Supplier.  We reserve the right to require any 
Designated Supplier to sign a contract containing terms and conditions acceptable to us, including those 
relating to pricing, delivery, terms, product availability, economic viability, service and quality and the 
right to modify at any time the terms or conditions of that contract.  We may at any time add or remove a 
Designated Supplier or add, remove or modify in any manner any requirement that you purchase any 
given Products and Services only from a Designated Supplier. 
7.6
Approved Suppliers.  We may require, in our sole discretion, that you purchase certain Products 
and Services we specify only from Approved Suppliers.  If you desire to purchase any Products and 
Services that we require you to purchase from Approved Suppliers from other suppliers and distributors, 
then you must, at your expense, submit to us samples and specifications, and other business and product 
information we request, for review and/or product testing to determine whether the supplier or distributor 
and its Products and Services meet our standards and specifications.  We will have the right to inspect the 
facilities of the proposed supplier or distributor.  Within 10 days after being invoiced, you will reimburse 
us for the costs and expenses we incur to: (a) analyze, review and test the products and/or services and the 
samples; and (b) conduct an inspection of the facilities of the proposed supplier or distributor, subject to a 
minimum fee we may set from time to time.  We will complete all testing of all products and/or services, 
and notify you of our determination within 45 days after we receive all of the required information.  We 
will have the right to require any new or existing Approved Supplier to sign a contract containing terms 
and conditions acceptable to us, including those relating to pricing, delivery, terms, product availability, 
economic viability, service and quality and the right to modify at any time the terms or conditions of that 
contract.  We may at any time add or remove an Approved Supplier or add, remove or modify in any 
manner any requirement that you purchase any given Products and Services only from an Approved 
Supplier. 
7.7
Branding of Products.  Except as we approve in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing, 
you shall not under any circumstances have the right to: (a) use or display the Marks on or in connection 
with any Product and Service; (b) acquire, develop, create, package or manufacture any product using the 
name “Novus®” or any of the Marks, or direct any other person or entity to do so; (c) acquire, develop or 
manufacture any product that has been developed or manufactured by or for us for use with the Business 
System and which is sold under any of the Marks, or direct any other person or entity to do so; or (d) use, 
have access to, or have any rights to any proprietary formulas or configurations for any Products and 
Services developed by us or on our behalf. 
7.8
Profit and Payments.  You acknowledge that we or our Affiliates may make a profit on 
purchases of Products and Services you make from us.  You also acknowledge that we or our Affiliates 
