the obligation, to obtain the required insurance 
coverage. You must promptly sign all applications and 
other documents required to obtain the required 
minimum vehicle insurance coverage, and will, upon 
receipt of an invoice, immediately reimburse us for the 
cost of obtaining the required vehicle insurance 
coverage. 
The insurance coverage set forth in this section 7 only 
describes the minimum insurance we require you to 
purchase and maintain. It is your obligation to 
determine whether you need to carry other insurance, 
or higher levels of insurance either by law or because 
of the nature of your business, your Vehicle drivers or 
any contract you have signed. 
You must immediately report accidents to us and the 
insurance provider, and do all things necessary or 
proper to protect or preserve the vehicle insurance 
and the covered parties. Further, you must advise us 
immediately of any motor vehicle violation incurred by 
you or your employees whether when using the 
Vehicle or otherwise. 
8. 
SECURITY DEPOSIT 
You shall deposit 
$2,500 
with 
us 
(“Security 
Deposit”). This sum will be placed in a non-interest-
bearing account but will be refunded to you thirty (30) 
days after the end of the term of this Lease provided 
there are no additional amounts owing under this 
Lease, including excess wear and tear. The Security 
Deposit will be used to deduct the amounts owing to 
us. 
9. 
OFFICIAL FEES AND TAXES 
You agree to pay when due all fees and charges for 
transfer of title, registration, licensing, testing, Vehicle 
use, tolls, and inspection of the Vehicle. You agree to 
pay when due all taxes imposed by any governmental 
or private authority with respect to the Vehicle or its 
use during the term of this Lease, whenever 
assessed. We may pay any or all such fees or 
charges on your behalf and if so, you will pay us when 
billed for such amounts. Your monthly lease payment 
may change to reflect increases or decreases in 
taxes. 
10. 
LATE PAYMENT AND OTHER CHARGES 
If you fail to timely pay any payments due to us, then 
we will assess a late payment fee of $100.00 for each 
month that such payments are delinquent (to cover 
our administrative costs). In addition, a non-sufficient 
fund fee of $100.00 will be assessed for any 
uncollected automatic bank transfer which may result 
from insufficient or uncollected funds. Further, you 
must pay all reasonable costs that we incur to collect 
any amount owing by you and to enforce our rights 
and all charges for excess wear and tear to the 
Vehicle as determined by a professional appraiser. 
11. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
We shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, 
demand, liability, cost or expense of any nature or 
kind sustained by you, directly or indirectly resulting 
from any inadequacy for any purpose, or any defect 
or mechanical failure of the Vehicle, or from loss or 
interruption of use, or any loss of business profits, or 
any consequential or other damage of any nature. We 
shall not be required to carry out any of the terms of 
this Lease if prevented from doing so by acts of God, 
major strikes, or any other circumstances beyond our 
control and shall not be liable for any resulting loss or 
damages sustained by you. 
You ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE LEASING 
THE VEHICLE AS IS and that you chose the Vehicle 
and that the Vehicle is subject only to the 
manufacturer's warranties which accompany the 
Vehicle and any extended warranties or service 
contracts purchased by you. We assign to you all 
rights and remedies under that warranty to the extent 
they are assignable. We remind you we are not 
responsible if the Vehicle does not work as you would 
like or if there are mechanical problems. 
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS 
FOR 
A 
PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, 
AND 
NON-
INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. This 
disclaimer and exclusion shall apply even if any 
warranty fails of its essential purpose. 
12. 
USE OF VEHICLE 
The Vehicle shall be used in a careful and proper 
manner in compliance with all applicable laws and in 
accordance with this Lease and the Franchise 
Agreement. You must not use or permit the use of the 
Vehicle: a) to be driven by anyone without a valid 
license issued by the appropriate governmental 
authority or any person not authorized under the 
vehicle insurance you obtain; b) in violation of any law 
or to transport goods or persons for hire; c)for 
purposes that would cause any insurance to be 
suspended or cancelled, rendered inapplicable or 
cause the manufacturer's warranty to become void; 
d) outside of the United States; e) to race other 
vehicles or in an automobile rally or to be used in an 
unreasonable or abusive manner; or f) to be used as 
a taxi. 
13. 
END OF LEASE LIABILITY 
At the scheduled termination of this Lease, your 
payment liability will be the sum of: a) any monthly 
lease payments due and unpaid and any other 
amounts or charges due under the terms of this 
Lease; b) the cost of any repairs necessary to put the 
Vehicle in original condition except for normal wear 
and tear as required by this Lease; c) any applicable 
fees and taxes imposed in connection with the 
termination of this Lease or otherwise; and d) any 
other amounts payable hereunder and not paid. 
14. 
VEHICLE RETURN 
