MN 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® 
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
The following information applies to franchises and franchisees (including licenses and licensees) 
subject to the Minnesota Franchise Act:   
Item 5 and 7 of the Franchise Disclosure Document are amended to include the following: 
Based on the franchisor’s financial condition, the Minnesota Department of 
Commerce had required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial franchise fees 
and/or development fees owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the business 
opens. 
If you are a resident of Minnesota, or your Novus® retail location is located in Minnesota or any 
part of your Area Of Primary Responsibility (or in the case of the Development Agreement, your 
Designated Territory) is located in Minnesota, we will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 
3, 4, and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days’ notice of 
termination of your Franchise Agreement and, if applicable, the Area Development Agreement 
(with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of your Franchise Agreement, and that 
transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld. 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring 
waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or 
judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement 
or Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce (1) any of your rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statute 80C or (2) your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the 
laws of the jurisdiction. 
Under Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g), Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect 
a franchisee’s rights to use a franchisor’s trademark. We will protect your right to use the Marks or 
indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding 
the use of the Marks, provided you have properly used the Marks and comply with our instructions 
regarding their use. 
Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a 
general release. 
Minnesota law does not permit us to require you to consent to us obtaining injunctive relief. We 
may seek injunctive relief for certain matters under our agreements with you and a court will 
determine whether we are entitled to the relief.  
Any limitation of claims must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5.  
“Non-sufficient funds” checks are governed by Minnesota Statute 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 
on immediate service charges. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.
