NY 
by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license 
as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
3. 
The following is added at the end of Item 5: 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as 
such at our discretion. 
4. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements 
for you to renew or extend”, and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for our approval of transfer”: 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of 
action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law 
of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it 
being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law 
Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.  
5. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by 
you”:  
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.  
6. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled “Our assignment 
of the contract”:  
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith and 
judgment of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of 
forum”, and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”:  
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon 
the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the 
State of New York. 
8. 
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgments.  No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the 
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state 
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made 
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
9. 
Receipts.  Any sale made must be in compliance with Section 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act 
(N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. Section 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document 
(offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made.  New York 
law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting, ten (10 business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of 
any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
10. 
Each provision of this addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective only to 
the extent that, with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the New York General 
Business Law Article 33 are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
