- 17 - 
the benefit of our franchisees, Administrative Expenses in connection with the Marketing Fund, 
and other national, regional and local advertising and promotion that we deem appropriate. We 
will have the absolute right to use the Marketing Fund for advertising, marketing and promoting 
Glass Replacement services, Glass Repair services, and/or other Products and Services, in any 
manner or way that we choose, even if you do not offer some of the advertised Products and 
Services in the Business.  In addition, the Marketing Fund may direct a portion of its funds to 
support various head office programs of our family of brands (collectively, “Fix Network”) 
which will benefit US franchisees, including but not limited to search engine optimization 
services, digital and social media marketing initiatives, and various other marketing programs 
whereby funds from the Marketing Fund are used to contribute to a portion of the overall cost for 
programs, which costs are also contributed to by various other ad funds making up the Fix 
Network.
(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have and will have no obligation to conduct 
marketing or to spend any portion of the Marketing Fund in your Territory.  We are not required 
to use monies in the Marketing Fund to benefit any individual territory or franchisee.  If you 
request, we will provide you with a report of the Marketing Fund within 120 days after the end of 
each calendar year.
QUALITY CONTROL, UNIFORMITY AND STANDARDS 
11.1
Responsibility for Operation of the Business.  The Business will at all times be under the direct 
supervision of you and your managers.  We will have no right or obligation to operate the Business. 
11.2
Business System.  Consistent with our uniformity requirements and quality standards, we or our 
authorized representative will: 
(a)
provide you with a written schedule of all supplies, technology and equipment we think is 
necessary for the operation of the Business; 
(b)
recommend basic business and accounting procedures for the Business; 
(c)
periodically review the operation of the Business and render written reports to you as we 
deem appropriate; 
(d)
legally protect and enforce the Marks and the Business System for the benefit of all our 
franchisees and licensees in the manner we deem appropriate; and 
(e)
upon your reasonable request, render advisory services by telephone or in writing 
pertaining to the Business System and the operation of the Business as we deem appropriate, 
reasonable and necessary. 
11.3
Standards of Quality and Service.  We will from time to time publish uniform standards of 
quality and service for the Business System to protect and maintain (for our benefit and for the benefit of 
all “Novus®” franchisees) the distinction, goodwill and uniformity represented and symbolized by the 
Marks and the Business System.  You agree to comply with all such standards, which will include 
replacement of graphics, signage and equipment as necessary to comply with our then current standards. 
11.4
Compliance. You shall operate the Business and use the Marks and the Business System in 
compliance with the moral and ethical standards, quality standards, operating procedures, policies, 
specifications, requirements and instructions we set forth in the Operations Manual, as amended and 
