Novus FDD (03/2025) 
40 
a set-up fee, the basic license for 5 users for 1 year, any Shop Onboarding Fees, and all upgrades for the 
first year.  Beginning the second year, the license fee for this license (includes 5 user licenses), is currently 
$300 to $350 per month and $25 to $30 per user per month for any additional users.  If we implement or 
update to a new software package, there is a Shop Onboarding Fee of $300 to $350 which covers the costs 
associated with such implementation or update and any associated training on how to use the new software.  
If you add additional applications, there will be additional license fees.  For example, Technician Route 
Direct is available at $50 to $60 per user per month, and if you want assistance integrating the software 
with QuickBooks, there is an additional set-up fee of $250 to $350 per location.  There is also a mobile 
application available for $20 to $35 per month per user.  If you want a Microsoft Office Standard online 
subscription, the fee for that subscription is $20 to $25 per month per user.  There is a $2 per transaction 
fee for insurance work. You must obtain upgrades as we require, and there is no limitation on our right to 
require you to upgrade the hardware or software, but there is no additional cost for these upgrades, as the 
cost is included in the monthly license fee.  If you are currently at the end of the initial term of your 
Franchise Agreement, and you re-franchise, you will not pay us a new setup fee or first year fee but will 
continue to pay the monthly license fee (currently, $300 to $350 per month, includes 5 user licenses).  
You must maintain and repair your computer system and upgrade all computer equipment and software, at 
your sole cost.  We do not have any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates 
to your computer hardware or software.  We will have independent access to the information on your 
computer system.  
You must license and install all software programs we designate, including POS software and accounting 
software when these software programs become a part of the Novus® business system .  You will use your 
computer to access the Internet, to prepare correspondence related to your business, for billing and financial 
reporting, and to generate financial statements. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
When you sign a Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate 1 Novus® business within a 
territory we designate and describe in your Franchise Agreement (“Territory”).  If you are granted a retail 
franchise, you must operate your Novus® business from a retail location within the Territory that we 
approve and describe in your Franchise Agreement.  As a retail franchisee, you also must lease from us and 
use in the operation of your retail business at least 1 specially equipped vehicle.  If you are granted a mobile 
franchise, you must lease from us and use in the operation of your mobile business at least 1 specially 
equipped vehicle, but may not maintain a retail location. 
While there is no minimum size for your Territory, we use mapping software and vehicle data from a third-
party source to determine the Territory, which will consist of one or more zip codes, or partial zip codes.  
Typically, the Territory we designate will include approximately 120,000 vehicles or more.  However, the 
exact size may also depend upon various factors including demographics, geographic area, natural 
boundaries and access to streets and highways, neighborhood character, location and number of competing 
businesses (including existing Novus® franchisees and licensees), site availability, and other factors. 
As long as you are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, we will not operate, or grant to any third 
party any right, franchise or license to operate another glass repair and/or glass replacement business, 
including a mobile business, using the Marks within the Territory; subject, however, to the rights we 
previously granted prior to the date of your Franchise Agreement to any existing Novus® franchisees or 
licensees, or bolt-on license franchisees, licensees or affiliates (who operate other automotive related 
businesses or non-automotive glass businesses that also offer Novus® products and services), within the 
Territory, including the renewal or transfer of those rights.  However, at your request, we may allow you to 
sign separate franchise agreements with us for a second Novus® business within the Territory and, 
