Glass Repair Only Re-Franchise Addendum 
2. 
2.9 
Minimum Revenues.  Each year during the term of this Agreement, the Business 
must attain minimum annual Gross Revenues for Glass Repair Products and Services of $40,000 
(the “Minimum Gross Revenues”).  A year will be measured from the first day of the month 
following the month you sign this Agreement.  If you do not generate the Minimum Gross 
Revenues during any year of this Agreement, then we will have the right to terminate this 
Agreement under the terms of Section 15.1. 
5.)
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee. The provisions of subsection 5.4(b) of the Franchise 
Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced by the following:
(b) 
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees:  If the actual monthly Royalty Fees calculated 
under  subsection 5.4(a) are greater than $300, then you must pay us the amount of the actual 
monthly Royalty Fees payable for the month.  If the actual monthly Royalty Fees calculated 
under subsection 5.4(a) are less than $300, then you must pay us $300 as the Royalty Fees for that 
month.   
6.)
Replacement Services.
The provisions of the Franchise Agreement are hereby 
supplemented by adding the following as a new Section 2.11:   
2.11 
No Glass Replacement Products or Services.  Notwithstanding any of the 
provision of this Agreement, you will have no right to offer glass replacement products or 
services in the Business.  If you receive any inquiries concerning glass replacement services, you 
will provide to that person the name(s) and telephone number(s) of any Novus Glass Repair and 
Replacement businesses in your Territory or any other glass replacement business that we may 
approve in our sole discretion.  If there are no Novus Glass Repair and Replacement businesses in 
your Territory, then you will provide to the person making the inquiry the name and telephone 
number of the closest Novus Glass Repair and Replacement business to your Territory (or another 
glass replacement business that we may approve in our sole discretion), unless there is not any 
such business located within 15 miles of the outer boundaries of your Territory.   
7.)
Initial Site Selection.  The provisions of Sections 8.1 – 8.5 of the Franchise Agreement 
are hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement. 
8.)
Training.  The provisions of Sections 9.1 – 9.4 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby 
deleted from the Franchise Agreement.  
9.)
Opening Assistance, Initial Advertising.  The provisions of Sections 10.1 and 10.2 of the 
Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement.  
10.)
Subcontracting.  The provisions of Section 11.31 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby 
deleted from the Franchise Agreement and be replaced by the following: 
11.31 Subcontracting.  You may not subcontract any Glass Repair services without 
our consent, which consent may be withheld in our sole discretion.  If you ever subcontract Glass 
Repair services without obtaining our prior approval, it will be considered a breach of a material 
provision of this Agreement, and we will have the right to terminate this Agreement in 
accordance with Section 15.1(d). 
11.)
In-Term Covenant Not to Compete.  The provisions of Section 18.2 of the Franchise 
Agreement are hereby supplemented by adding the following at the end thereof: 
