4.
and Your Related Parties that operate the Other Businesses and their staff, as 
applicable, to co-operate fully with such inspection.  You are responsible for 
obtaining any consents required in carrying out the obligations of this Section 
11.12, including consents from Your Related Parties. 
11.
Uniforms.  Section 11.17 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following 
sentence at the end of the Section: 
Unless otherwise allowed by us, in our sole discretion, you shall ensure that 
employees of the Business: (1) wear the uniforms and standard attire bearing the 
Marks when performing operations or services for the Business, and (2) do not 
wear other uniforms or attire bearing the trade names, trademarks, service marks, 
logos, or commercial symbols of the Other Businesses when performing 
operations or services for the Business; and (3) do not wear the Marks when 
performing operations or services for the Other Businesses.   
12.
Facility Hours.  Section 11.18 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following 
sentence at the end of the Section: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not be required to operate the Business 
when the Other Businesses at the Facility are not operating. 
13.
Photographs and Recording of the Facility.  Section 11.32 of the Franchise Agreement is 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
11.32 
Photographs and Recordings of Your Business.  We have the right, at 
any time, to photograph, and make video and other recordings of any aspect of 
the Business, including the Retail Location, the Facility, or the Other Businesses 
located at the Facility, and associated vehicles and signage, and to use such 
photographs, videos and other recordings in any advertising and promotional 
material, in any form or medium now existing or later developed.  We may use 
these items without providing notice to you or Your Related Parties that operate 
the Other Businesses, or receiving your consent, and we will not be obligated to 
make attribution or to compensate you or Your Related Parties for their use.  At 
our request, you will cooperate, and ensure that Your Related Parties that operate 
the Other Businesses cooperate, with us in taking and arranging for such 
photographs, videos and other recordings, and for obtaining the necessary 
consents of or assignments from individuals depicted in or involved in such 
photographs, videos and other recordings.  You irrevocably assign to us, and shall 
ensure that Your Related Parties that operate the Other Businesses irrevocably 
assign to us, all of your and Your Related Parties’ right, title, and interest, if any, 
in and to all such photographs, videos and other recordings, together with all 
related intellectual property rights.  You are responsible for obtaining any 
consents necessary to allow us to exercise our rights in this Section 11.32, 
including consents from Your Related Parties. 
