- 16 - 
programs we approve.  In January of each year, you must provide us with information in a form we 
request showing the expenditures you made in the previous year on these advertising and promotional and 
search engine optimization programs.  If you did not spend the entire amount we required you to spend in 
that year, you must submit the difference to us (the “Local Advertising Fee”), with your report, and we 
will add the Local Advertising Fee to our Marketing Fund(discussed in Section 10.5 below).  You must 
receive our prior written approval before placing any advertising, marketing, public relations, 
telemarketing and promotional materials making use of the Marks.  Any advertising or promotional 
materials we provide to you will be deemed approved.  If more than one Novus Glass franchisee or 
licensee is authorized by us to operate in a particular market we designate that includes all or a portion of 
the Territory, then we will have the right to require you to become a member of, participate in and 
contribute to a local cooperative advertising group for that market.  The local advertising group will, by 
the majority vote of its members, determine and carry out approved local advertising and promotion for 
the benefit of all of the franchisees in the market, and will allocate the costs of local advertising and 
promotion among the members.  Any amounts you contribute to the local advertising group will be 
accounted towards your 4% local advertising obligation under this Section 10.3.  You will not permit any 
third party to advertise its business, or its products and services, in conjunction with the Business, without 
obtaining our prior written approval. 
10.4
Telephone and Telephone Directory Listing.  We may require you to obtain local telephone 
service from us or from a supplier we designate.  You acknowledge and agree that we will own the 
telephone number for the Business.  You will continually advertise the Business in the on-line and print 
Yellow Pages in the Territory under all of the listings we designate or approve.  The timing, size, form, 
content, layout, copy and presentation of all Yellow Pages advertising will conform to our specifications.  
You will participate in the on-line and print Yellow Pages advertising programs and in such other 
directory advertising programs as we may specify from time to time.  You will pay all costs for Yellow 
Pages and other directory advertising.  If more than one franchisee is authorized to operate within a 
particular market we designate that is covered by a single directory, then you will, upon written notice 
from us, participate in a single cooperative advertisement and prepay your proportionate share of the 
placement of such cooperative advertisement.  All Yellow Page advertising done in accordance with this 
ARTICLE 10 will qualify as part of the 4% local advertising obligation set forth in Section 10.3.
10.5
Marketing Contributions and Expenditures.   
(a)
You shall pay to us during the entire Term a non-refundable monthly marketing 
contribution (the “Marketing Contribution”) equal to 2% of your Gross Revenues from the sale 
of any and all Products and Services you sell in or from your business.  You shall pay the 
Marketing Contribution by the 10th day of each month based on Gross Revenues from the 
preceding month.  We will add the Marketing Contributions to a marketing fund managed jointly 
by us and our Affiliates (the “Marketing Fund”).  Your failure to pay us any of these Marketing 
Contributions on a timely basis will be a material breach of this Agreement.  Your obligation to 
pay us the Marketing Contributions is absolute and unconditional.
(b)
We will determine in our sole discretion how, where, if, and when the Marketing Fund, 
including monies related to Marketing Contributions, may be spent, including purchasing and 
paying for product research and development, sales and marketing materials, advertising 
materials, ad slicks, brochures, and radio and television commercials, services provided by 
advertising agencies, market research, media time and space advertising (including Internet, 
radio, television, newspaper, magazine and other print advertising), promotions, development and 
protection of our Marks, marketing, public relations, telemarketing, the establishment and 
maintenance of Internet sites promoting our brand, including Social Media Sites, sales persons or 
agencies to represent franchisees, the cost of providing toll-free and other telephone services for 
