You will return the Vehicle at the expiration or 
termination of this Lease to the location we specify. 
As with the initial delivery of the Vehicle, we will 
attempt to arrange for this this location be at a 
dealership or other location within your market, so 
there are no shipping or delivery fees. If that is not 
possible, however, and we are required to have the 
Vehicle shipped or delivered to a dealership or other 
location outside your market, you will be required to 
pay the shipping or delivery fees to us. We or our 
designee shall inspect the Vehicle upon return to 
ensure that the Vehicle is in good operating condition 
and working order, and has not suffered damages 
beyond normal wear and tear. 
15. 
DAMAGE OR LOSS TO THE VEHICLE 
You agree that you are liable for any damage, risk of 
loss or destruction of the Vehicle during the term of 
this Lease or until you return the Vehicle to the 
location we specify. If the Vehicle is damaged or 
destroyed in an accident or other occurrence or is 
confiscated by a government agency or is stolen, you 
are to notify us and your insurance provider 
immediately of any such event or accident. If the 
Vehicle is confiscated or stolen, or damaged and in a 
condition which we believe is beyond reasonable 
repair, this Lease will be terminated immediately. You 
will be responsible to pay to us a termination value 
(as defined in section 19). Any amounts paid by an 
insurance provider will be credited against this 
termination value, but you agree to pay to us  any 
difference between the termination value and the loss 
proceeds which we received for the Vehicle. If the 
Vehicle is damaged and this Lease is not terminated, 
you will have the necessary repairs made promptly at 
a facility approved by us at your expense and will 
continue to perform your obligations under this Lease. 
Any amounts paid by your insurance provider will be 
credited to you with respect to such repair. You 
acknowledge that we have no obligation to provide a 
replacement vehicle for the Vehicle for any reason. 
We will own all parts used to repair the Vehicle. 
16. 
CHANGE OF ADDRESS: 
You shall immediately notify us of any change of 
address of the corporation or a change of name. 
17. 
VEHICLE MAINTENANCE 
You must keep and maintain the Vehicle in good 
operating condition and working order, using as a 
guide the maintenance program prescribed in the 
Vehicle’s Owner’s Manual, and shall perform all 
regular, reasonable and/or necessary preventive 
maintenance required to insure full validation of the 
manufacturer’s warranty. Your failure to have any 
maintenance or other work performed on the Vehicle, 
which under the circumstances would have prevented 
further damage to the Vehicle, shall be your sole 
responsibility. 
We may inspect the Vehicle at any reasonable time to 
ensure the Vehicle is in good operating condition and 
working order. If repairs or maintenance are 
necessary, you agree, at our sole discretion, to have 
such repairs and maintenance promptly completed at 
your sole expense, or to allow us to have such repairs 
and maintenance promptly completed and bill you for 
the cost and applicable taxes on such bills, which you 
agree to pay upon receipt. You also agree to comply 
with the manufacturer's request in any recall 
campaign. You agree not to alter, mark, remove, or 
install equipment in the Vehicle without our written 
consent. If the Vehicle requires body work, you shall 
notify us and shall have such body work done in a 
timely manner by a licensed body shop using only 
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) parts and 
repaired to manufacturer’s original specifications. All 
costs incurred in maintaining, restoring, and repairing 
the Vehicle to maintain good operating condition and 
working 
order 
and 
appearance 
will 
be 
your 
responsibility.  
18. 
STANDARDS OF WEAR AND TEAR 
You agree to pay for excess wear and tear as 
determined by a professional third-party appraiser 
acceptable to us, which wear and tear includes repair 
or replacement of: a) body dents, scratches, rust or 
corrosion, 
paint-scratches, 
chips, 
rusted 
areas, 
mismatched paint, special colors or identification; 
glass-cracks, scratches, pits, breaks, faulty window 
mechanisms, broken lights or mirrors; chrome and trim-
dents, scratches, rusted areas, broken grilles or trim; 
interior rips, stains, burns, or worn-through areas on 
any upholstery, headliner, or carpeting; b) tires having 
less than 1/8 of an inch of measurable original tread 
remaining at its shallowest point, or having an obvious 
defect, or which do not meet government standards; 
tires which are inappropriate for the season during 
which the Vehicle is returned to us or the Assignee; 
c) missing equipment that was part of the Vehicle when 
delivered and has not been replaced. 
19. 
DEFAULT 
You will be in Default under this Lease if any of the 
following occurs (each, a "Default"): a) you do not 
make payment under this Lease, including rent and 
other payments when due; b) any information provided 
to us by you, or on your behalf, in connection with or 
relating to this Lease is false or misleading; c) you fail 
to comply with any condition or term of this Lease and 
such breach significantly impairs the prospect of 
payment, 
performance, 
or 
realization 
of 
your 
obligations under this Lease; d) a proceeding in 
bankruptcy, receivership, or insolvency is started by 
you or against you or your property; ; e) you do not 
repair or maintain the Vehicle as this Lease requires; 
f) you transfer, sublease, rent or assign this Lease, the 
Vehicle, or your right to use the Vehicle without our 
written consent; g) the Vehicle is lost, stolen, destroyed 
or determined by us or Assignee to be unsuitable for 
use; and/or h) you are in default of any of the terms of 
the Franchise Agreement. 
In the event of Default, you acknowledge that we may 
do any or all of the following without giving you 
