Novus Franchising 2 LLC 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
[In U.S. dollars] 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
7 
Financial instruments included in the financial statements consist of accounts receivable [including those from a 
company under common control], advances to a company under common control, accounts payable and accrued 
liabilities [including those to the ultimate parent company], amounts to be remitted to franchisees and advances 
from parent company. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair value when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. Subsequently, all financial 
instruments are measured at amortized cost less any reduction for impairment. 
 
Revenue recognition  
The Company applies revenue recognition guidance under ASC 606 Revenue from contracts with customers. 
Sales arrangements with franchising generally include a combination of royalties, vendor rebates and other 
services. The Company determines whether performance obligations are distinct based on whether the customer 
can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and 
whether the commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other 
obligations in the contract. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations under the terms of a 
contract or arrangement are satisfied, which generally occurs when, or as, control of the promised products or 
services is transferred to franchisees / customers. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration the 
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to a customer and by allocation the 
transaction price based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation.  
 
Revenues generated from royalties charged to franchisees [monthly continuing fee from the franchisee equals to 
the greater of a stated percentage of the franchisee’s gross sales and a stated minimum] are recognized and 
established based on the monthly franchisees’ retail sales.  
 
Allowances and discounts from vendors are recognized based on actual periodic purchases from these vendors 
and the related contractual terms and when the consideration is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably 
assured.  
 
Contributions received from franchisees for various services consist of items such as initial fees charged to new 
franchisees, the sale of promotional items to franchisees, contributions from franchisees to marketing and 
administrative initiatives and other. These revenues are recognized when earned and services have been 
rendered. Revenue from initial fees for the license are deferred and recognized over the related license term. 
 
Government assistance  
Government assistance or grants are recorded in income as a credit to the related expenditure when they can be 
reasonably estimated, and the collection is reasonably assured.  
 
 
 
