- 32 - 
16.3
Notice of Termination.  If you have complied with the provisions of this ARTICLE 16 and we 
have not corrected the alleged breach set forth in the written notice within the time period specified in this 
Agreement, then you may terminate this Agreement by giving us written notice of termination.  The 
effective date of termination will be the date set forth in your written notice of termination, provided that 
the notice will be ineffective unless it provides that the termination will be effective no earlier than 10 
days after we receive the notice of termination.
16.4
Compliance With Post-Termination Obligations.  If you exercise your right to terminate the 
Agreement under this ARTICLE 16, you must still comply with all post-termination obligations in 
ARTICLE 17 and Section 18.3 of this Agreement. 
YOUR OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
17.1
Termination of Use of Marks.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you shall: 
(a)
not have any further right to use the name “Novus®”, the other Marks and/or the 
Business System in connection with your business operations; 
(b)
immediately cease using the name “Novus®” and the Marks, and any other word, phrase 
or symbol confusingly similar to the name “Novus®” or the Marks, or any variation thereof, in all 
advertising, marketing and promotional materials, including promotional materials on any 
Website including any Social Media Site; 
(c)
take all other actions relating to the name “Novus®” and the Marks as we may request, 
and 
(d)
not hold yourself out, or advertise the Business, as formerly a Novus business or by any 
other means that suggests you had a prior relationship with us.  You agree and acknowledge that 
your continued use of the name Novus® and the Marks after the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement will be without our consent and will constitute an “exceptional case” under federal 
trademark law (15 U.S.C. §1117) entitling us to recover treble damages, costs and attorneys’ fees. 
17.2
Other Obligations Upon Termination.  If this Agreement expires or is terminated for any 
reason you shall immediately comply with all applicable provisions of this Agreement, and within five 
days after termination: 
(a)
submit to us Gross Revenues Reports for all periods through the date of expiration or 
termination that have not previously been provided; 
(b)
pay all Royalty Fees and all other amounts you owe us or our Affiliates, including, if this 
Agreement terminates for any reason prior to the Expiration Date, Minimum Monthly Royalty 
Fees and equipment lease payments for all periods through the Expiration Date; 
(c)
return to us by first class prepaid United States mail the Operations Manual, all Glass 
Repair, Glass Replacement, and other equipment leased from us, and all advertising materials, 
signage, and other printed materials pertaining to the Business System; 
(d)
provide us with a copy of all your customer records; 
(e)
inform your suppliers in writing of the expiration or termination and send us a copy of all 
such communications; 
