- 34 - 
suffered for your failure to fulfil the complete Term.  Any debt of Franchisee for any Royalty Fee, 
product purchases, or any other fees or costs unpaid at the time of termination, will remain owed in 
addition to the agreed upon liquidated damages.  The parties agree that it would be extremely difficult or 
impractical to fix the amount of actual damages in advance because of uncertainties in the marketplace 
and differing circumstances that might exist at the time of breach, including without limitation uncertainly 
as to the value to us for having a Business in a particular region or area, the exposure of the brand and 
Marks to the public, and marketing of prospective franchises to potentially interested parties.  The parties 
have therefore made a reasonable endeavor to estimate fair compensation for the loss that would be 
sustained upon your breach of this Agreement and abandonment of the Business prior to the expiration of 
the Term.  The parties further agree that the above-mentioned damages are reasonable and such would 
have a reasonable relationship to the actual damages, if such could be precisely determined.
15.4
Other Remedies.  Nothing in this Agreement will preclude us from seeking other remedies 
against or damages from you under state or federal laws, common law, or under this Agreement, 
including attorneys’ fees and injunctive relief.  If we terminate this Agreement under this ARTICLE 15, 
or if you breach this Agreement by a wrongful termination or a termination that does not comply with the 
terms and conditions of ARTICLE 16 of this Agreement, then we will be entitled to seek recover from 
you all damages that we have sustained and will sustain in the future as a result of your breach of this 
Agreement.
ARTICLE 16. 
YOUR TERMINATION RIGHTS 
16.1
Termination for Our Breach.  You have the right to terminate this Agreement if you comply 
fully with this ARTICLE 16 and we violate any material provision, term or condition of this Agreement. 
16.2
Notice and Opportunity to Cure.  You will not have the right to terminate this Agreement 
unless and until: (a) you give us written notice setting forth the alleged breach in detail; and (b) we fail to 
correct the alleged breach within 30 days after receiving this written notice.
16.3
Notice of Termination.  If you have complied with the provisions of this ARTICLE 16 and we 
have not corrected the alleged breach set forth in the written notice within the time period specified in this 
Agreement, then you may terminate this Agreement by giving us written notice of termination.  The 
effective date of termination will be the date set forth in your written notice of termination, provided that 
the notice will be ineffective unless it provides that the termination will be effective no earlier than 10 
days after we receive the notice of termination.
16.4
Compliance With Post-Termination Obligations.  If you exercise your right to terminate the 
Agreement under this ARTICLE 16, you must still comply with all post-termination obligations in 
ARTICLE 17 and Section 18.3 of this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 17. 
YOUR OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
17.1
Termination of Use of Marks.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you shall: 
(a)
not have any further right to use the name “Novus®”, the other Marks and/or the 
Business System in connection with your business operations; 
(b)
immediately cease using the name “Novus®” and the Marks, and any other word, phrase 
or symbol confusingly similar to the name “Novus®” or the Marks, or any variation thereof, in all 
