- 13 - 
may receive Payments based in whole or in part on purchases of Products and Services you make from a 
Designated Supplier, Approved Supplier or another third party.  Any Payments we or our Affiliates 
receive from a Designated Supplier, Approved Supplier or other third party as a result of your purchases 
from any such supplier will be our property and you will not have any right to any portion of those 
payments. 
7.9
Purchases from Us, Designated Supplier or Approved Supplier.  We and our Affiliates will 
have the right to change the prices, delivery terms, payment terms, and other terms relating to the 
Products and Services sold to you without giving you prior notice, and discontinue the sale of any 
Products and Services for any reason without any liability to you.  We and our Affiliates will not be liable 
to you for the unavailability of Products and Services from us or from a Designated Supplier or Approved 
Supplier, or for any delay in shipment or receipt of Products and Services from us, or from a Designated 
Supplier or Approved Supplier due to temporary product shortages, order backlogs, production 
difficulties, delays, unavailability of transportation, fire, strike, work stoppage, or other causes beyond the 
control of us or our Affiliates. 
7.10
National or Regional Accounts.  We will promote you for involvement with national or regional 
accounts with whom we have contacts, including insurance companies and fleet accounts that have 
business arrangements with us or our Affiliates.   
(a)
If we offer you the opportunity to provide services to a national or regional insurance 
company, fleet account, or other account in your Territory, you must service the account and 
comply with all of our procedures for servicing the account and any additional applicable 
insurance required by the insurer or fleet account.  These procedures may include, among others, 
pricing policies that may set the price for services rendered to the account by agreement with the 
account.  They may also include payment arrangements that result in the insurance network or 
account paying us directly, in which case we will remit your portion of the payment to you within 
thirty (30) days after our receipt of the payment, provided (i) you are current in all your financial 
obligations to us and to our Affiliates, and (ii) you are current in all your financial obligations to 
all suppliers with which we have a relationship.  If you are not current in any of these obligations, 
we will have the right, but not the obligation, to withhold an amount necessary to bring your 
obligations current, and we will then remit the balance, if any, to you.   
(b)
When we provide an account to you, you may be required to sign additional agreements 
relating to that account, including procedures for servicing that account and for receiving 
payments from that account, before you begin servicing the account.  If you fail to service the 
account, or you do not meet any conditions imposed by the account for its service providers, or if 
the account expresses dissatisfaction with your services, then in addition to any other rights we 
may have under this Agreement, we have the right to assign the right to service that account in 
your Territory to another Novus Business, including one owned by us or our Affiliates, or to other 
service providers. 
7.11
Sharing of Information.  In order to facilitate our ability to manage and improve the Business 
System, you agree that any supplier or similar provider to your Business may share with us information 
concerning the Business, at any time, at our request, including but not limited to copies of purchase 
orders, summaries of purchases and returns, and all correspondence, e-mails and other communications 
between you and the supplier.  You specifically authorize all suppliers and service providers to provide us 
such information as we may request.
7.12
Feedback. You may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, 
“Feedback”) to us with respect to the Business System.  All provisions of any Feedback is voluntary.  
