Novus FDD (03/2025) 
27 
only from specific designated sources, you may submit a written request to us for the right to purchase 
equipment and products of equal quality, performance, and standards from other suppliers whose products 
and services meet our standards and specifications.  We will charge you a fee for supplier approval requests 
and will not unreasonably withhold approval of these requests.  The current minimum fee is $250.  We may 
do product quality testing, including tests for stress, heat, cold, and other factors, before we give our 
approval.  We do not have written criteria we use for approving suppliers.  We will typically tell you 
whether we approve a supplier within 30 days of receiving all the information we request, but the time 
could be longer if we must test alternate products and services.  If your request for approval is denied, we 
will provide a written explanation of the reasons for the denial.  In some circumstances, we may require the 
supplier to sign a supply agreement.  We may, at any time, revoke approval of a supplier by giving written 
notice to you and the supplier.   
We will frequently negotiate purchase arrangements and favorable pricing arrangements with outside 
suppliers.  We currently have a buying program that provides rebates to us and to our franchisees from 
participating suppliers.  The rebates we receive range from 0% to 11% of the price you pay for products or 
services you order through the buying program.  We currently pay part of these rebates back to the 
franchisees who made the purchases through a credit to your account once each quarter.  We may change 
or eliminate this rebate and/or credit program at any time.  In addition, in some cases, prices charged by 
suppliers to company-owned businesses operated by Novus may be less than prices they charge to our 
franchisees, based on volume, credit, administrative costs or other factors.  
We do earn a profit from your and other Novus® franchisees’ purchases and leases by charging prices that 
exceed our cost to purchase or lease these products and other items, and from supplier rebates.  Our total 
revenues from products, services and other items purchased or leased by United States franchisees in 2024 
were $1,263,967, or approximately 19.6% of our total 2024 revenues of $6,442,275.  Also, our affiliate, 
Novus 2, had revenues of $212,714 from the sale of products, services and other items to franchisees in the 
United States in 2024. 
None of our officers own any interest in any of our suppliers, other than in our affiliate Novus 2.   
