- 36 - 
termination or expiration of your right to use all telephone numbers and all classified and other directory 
listings for the Business, and to authorize the telephone company and all listing agencies to assign and 
transfer to us or our designee all telephone numbers and directory listings of your Business.  The 
telephone company and all listing agencies have the right to accept either this Agreement or the 
assignment in blank delivered upon execution of this Agreement, as evidence of our exclusive rights to 
such telephone numbers and directory listings and the authority from you for the telephone company and 
listing agencies to transfer all such telephone numbers and directory listings to us or our designee.  You 
also agree to execute and deliver and any all documents as we may require to assign and transfer to us or 
our designee all telephone numbers and directory listings of your Business.  This Agreement will be your 
release of the telephone company and listing agencies from any and all claims, actions and damages that 
you may at any time have the right to allege against them in connection with the transfer of your 
telephone numbers and directory listings to us.
17.4
Domain Names and Other Electronic Information. You acknowledge and agree that we have 
the absolute right, and sole ownership and interest in and to, the Home Page and any Novus Social Media 
Site, including, but not limited to, any domain name associated therewith or content thereon, and you 
agree to take any and all actions as may be necessary to assign and transfer access to and the registration 
or listings thereof to us upon our request or the termination or expiration of this Agreement.  We reserve 
the right at any time, in our sole discretion, to require you to remove, delete, or modify any Social Media 
Site or Online Identifier, or any information, content or post thereon or made thereby, and if you do not 
do so, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to work with the applicable supplier to do so on your 
behalf.
ARTICLE 18. 
FRANCHISEE’S COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE 
18.1
Your Acknowledgments.  You acknowledge and agree that:
(a)
you will benefit from and be identified with the System’s goodwill; 
(b)
you, your Owners and your employees will receive: specialized training, “know-how,” 
current and future marketing and advertising plans, business plans and strategies, business 
information, concepts, proprietary technology, formulas, marketing and promotional techniques, 
confidential information and trade secrets from us pertaining to the Business System and the 
operation of the Business;  
(c)
we have advised you that this ARTICLE 18 is a material provision of this Agreement, 
and that we would not grant a Novus® franchise to you or provide you with our Business System, 
technology, business information and “know-how,” proprietary concepts, and experience if you 
intended to own, operate or be involved in a business that competes directly or indirectly with the 
Business or the Business System; and 
(d)
the restrictions imposed by the covenants under this ARTICLE 18 are reasonable and will 
not unduly limit your business opportunities. 
18.2
In-Term Covenant Not-to-Compete. You agree that you, your Owners, the Personal 
Guarantors, and the members of your and their Immediate Families will not, during the Term, for your or 
their own account, or as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, member, or owner of 
any other person, firm, entity, partnership, company, or corporation, own, operate, lease, franchise, 
license, conduct, engage in, consult with, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or 
entity engaged in a Competitive Business. 
