7 
26. 
WAIVER; CONSENT. 
NF2 and Licensee may, by written instrument signed by NF2 and Licensee, waive any obligation of or 
restriction upon the other under this Agreement. Acceptance by NF2 of any payment by Licensee and the 
failure, refusal or neglect of NF2 to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon full 
compliance by Licensee of its obligations will not constitute a waiver by NF2 of any provision of this 
Agreement.  Whenever this Agreement requires NF2’s prior written consent, such consent may be 
withheld by NF2 for any reason whatever. 
27. 
NO RIGHTS OF OFFSET. 
Licensee will not, on grounds of the alleged non-performance by NF2 of any of its obligations or for any 
other reason, withhold payment of the License Fee or any Maintenance Fees or payments due NF2 
pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to any other contract, agreement or obligation.  Licensee will not 
have the right to “offset” any liquidated or unliquidated amounts, damages or other funds allegedly due to 
Licensee by NF2 against any payments due to NF2 under this Agreement. 
28. 
LICENSOR’S RIGHTS CUMULATIVE. 
The rights of NF2 are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement by NF2 of any right or remedy will 
preclude the exercise or enforcement by NF2 of any other right or remedy or which NF2 is entitled by law 
to enforce. 
29. 
JURISDICTION; VENUE. 
All litigation, court hearings, actions or proceedings initiated by either party against the other to enforce 
or construe this Agreement or resolve any dispute arising under, or as a result of, or in connection with 
this Agreement, will be brought, venued and maintained exclusively in strict accordance with the laws of 
Minnesota.  Both parties hereby submit to personal jurisdiction in Minnesota for the purposes of any 
litigation, court hearings, actions or proceedings.  
30. 
BINDING AGREEMENT. 
This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and their respective executors, administrators, heirs, 
assigns and successors in interest. 
31. 
NOTICES. 
All notices to NF2 or Licensee will be given in accordance with and subject to the corresponding 
applicable terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement. 
32. 
COUNTERPARTS. 
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in multiple counterparts, each of which will be deemed 
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
33. 
FORCE MAJEURE. 
NF2 will not be liable to Licensee for any delay or failure in performance of NF2’s obligations under this 
Agreement whatsoever if caused by delays attributable to Acts of God, earthquakes, shortages of supplies, 
labor disputes, riots, acts of war or terrorism, fire and similar causes or any other circumstances beyond 
the reasonable control of NF2. 
