- 40 - 
(e)
you have not received from us or our agents or Affiliates any estimates, projections, 
representations, warranties or guaranties, express or implied, regarding actual or potential sales, 
Gross Revenues, income, profits, earnings, expenses, financial or business success, value of the 
Business, or other economic matters pertaining to the Business or any other Novus® glass 
business that were not expressly set forth in our Franchise Disclosure Document that you 
acknowledge receiving; 
(f)
except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, any consent or approval required 
to be obtained from us, or decision to be made by us, may be granted or made by us in our sole 
and exclusive business judgment, which may take into account our assessment of, among other 
things, our long-term interests, and the long-term interests of the Business System and the Marks, 
without regard to its effect on any individual franchisee or the Business.  Our judgment shall 
prevail even in cases where other alternatives may be reasonable, so long as we are intending to 
benefit or are acting in a way that could benefit the Business System, enhance the value of the 
Marks, increase customer satisfaction, or minimize possible confusion, brand or location 
confusion.  If our activities or decisions are supported by our business judgment, no court or 
judge or trier of fact, or any other person reviewing those activities or decisions may substitute 
his, her or its judgment for our judgment, in recognition of the fact that the long-term goals of a 
franchise system, and our long-term interests and those of our franchisees taken together, require 
that we have the latitude to exercise our business judgment in administering, managing and 
overseeing the Business System. 
22.3
Other Franchisees.  You acknowledge and agree that other franchisees of ours have been or will 
be granted franchises at different times, different locations, under different economics and in different 
situations, and you acknowledge that the economics, area of primary responsibility, terms, and conditions 
of those franchises may vary substantially in form and substance from those contained in this Agreement 
and that you are not entitled to any amendment of this Agreement or other concessions as a result of such 
variances. 
22.4
Waiver of Collateral Estoppel.  Each of us agrees that we should each be able to settle, mediate, 
litigate, arbitrate, or compromise disputes in which we are involved with third parties, without having 
those disputes directly affect the contract or relationship between us.  We and you therefore agree that a 
decision of an arbitrator or court of law to which one of us is not a party will not prevent the person that 
was a party to that action from making similar arguments, or taking similar positions, in any action 
between us, and we each waive any claim of collateral estoppel we might assert. 
22.5
Receipt of Agreement and Franchise Disclosure Document.  You acknowledge and agree that 
you received a copy of our Franchise Disclosure Document at least 14 days before you signed this 
Agreement or paid any money to us. 
22.6
Your Legal Counsel.  You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is a legal document that 
grants certain rights to and imposes certain obligations upon you.  We have advised you to retain an 
attorney or other advisor before you sign this Agreement to: (a) review our Franchise Disclosure 
Document; (b) review this Agreement in detail; (c) review all legal documents, including leases, purchase 
agreements and construction agreements; (d) review the economics, operations and other business aspects 
of the business concept; (e) advise you regarding your economic risks, liabilities, obligations and rights 
under this Agreement; and (f) advise you on Tax issues, financing matters, applicable state and federal 
laws, health and safety laws, environmental laws, employee issues, insurance, structure of the Business, 
and other business matters. 
