5. 
9.
Indemnification. 
We are not responsible for Claims or Damages arising out of, from, or in connection with your or Your 
Related Parties’ operation of the Exempt Business, or any other activity at the Facility, except to the 
extent caused or contributed to by us, or our breach of this Addendum.  You agree to indemnify us and 
our affiliates against, and reimburse us and our affiliates for, all Claims or Damages we incur in 
defending any claim brought against us or in any action in which we are named as a party arising out 
of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the Exempt Business and the Facility and/or the operation 
of the Exempt Business and the offer and sale of the Exempt Business Services, including without 
limitation Claims or Damages arising from (a) any personal injury, property damage, commercial loss 
or environmental contamination resulting from any act or omission by you, Your Related Parties, or 
your or Your Related Parties’ employees, agents or representatives, (b) any failure on your or Your 
Related Parties’ to comply with any federal, state or local laws or regulations, (c) your or Your Related 
Parties’ failure to pay any of your or Your Related Parties’ respective debts or obligations, or (d) your 
or Your Related Parties’ failure to comply with any requirement or condition of this Addendum or any 
other agreement with us or our affiliates, but except to the extent caused or contributed to by us, or our 
breach of this Addendum.  We will have the right to defend, at your expense (except to the extent 
caused or contributed to by us or our breach of this Addendum) any claim made against us arising out 
of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the Exempt Business and/or the Facility. 
10. Records. 
If we have reasonable grounds to believe that you may be in default under any provision of this 
Addendum, we will have the right, in addition to all other rights and remedies available as a result of 
a default under the Franchise Agreement, to audit and review your financial statements, computer 
records, bank statements, deposit records, general and special ledgers, sales records, work papers, 
accounts, federal and state tax returns, financial memos, and other business and financial information 
relating to the Exempt Business.  You are responsible for obtaining any consent necessary to allow us 
to exercise our rights in this Section 10, including without limitation consents from the Exempt 
Business and Your Related Party that own and operates the Exempt Business. 
11. Amendment and Ratification. 
This Addendum shall be considered a part of the Franchise Agreement and shall be governed by the 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that this Addendum, on the 
whole, confers substantial benefits on you in connection with the operation of the Novus® retail 
business at the Retail Location.  Except as specifically modified by this Addendum, each of the parties 
hereby ratifies and reaffirms its respective obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
12. Counterparts. 
This Addendum may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same agreement. 
