Novus FDD (03/2025) 
1 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
Novus Franchising 2 LLC is referred to in this Disclosure Document as “Novus”, “we”, “us” or “our”.  
“You” or “your” means the person or entity that buys the franchise from Novus. 
Franchisor, Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates 
Novus was organized under the laws of Delaware on April 13, 2017.  Our offices are located at 650 Pelham 
Boulevard, Suite 100, St. Paul, Minnesota 55114, and our telephone number is (952) 944-8000.  We do 
business under the names “Novus”, “Novus Franchising” and “Novus Glass.”  Our company is owned by 
Mondofix USA LLC (“Mondofix USA”), which is owned by Mondofix Inc. (“Mondofix”). Both 
Mondofix USA and Mondofix would be considered parents of ours.  The principal address of Mondofix is 
99 Émilien Marcoux, Suite 101, Blainville, Quebec, J7C 0B4.   The principal address of Mondofix USA is 
the same as ours.  
On or about May 31, 2017, we purchased substantially all of the operating assets of the Novus Glass®
franchise system from Novus Franchising, Inc. (“NFI”).  At the same time Mondofix acquired all of the 
trademarks, copyrights, and patents used by the Novus Glass® franchise system from NFI’s parent, TCG 
International Inc. (“TCG”).  Thus, NFI and TCG are considered predecessors of ours.  NFI’s principal 
address was the same as our address, and TCG’s principal business address is 8658 Commerce Court, 
Burnaby, British Columbia V5A 4N6, Canada.  Except for NFI and TCG, we have no other predecessors.  
We began offering Novus® franchises in July 2017. 
NFI operated and/or franchised Novus Glass® businesses from December 1993 until we purchased the 
assets of the system.   
In January 2015, NFI began offering “Area Development Agreements” that grant franchisees the right to 
develop 2 or more Novus® retail location businesses.  We will continue to offer this program.  If you sign 
an Area Development Agreement with us, you will also sign a separate Franchise Agreement with us for 
each Novus® business you develop.  The Franchise Agreement you sign will be our then-current form of 
agreement, which may differ from the current Franchise Agreements included with this Disclosure 
Document.   
The franchise you operate will provide glass repair and replacement products and services.  Existing 
franchisees who have only offered glass repair products and services (not replacement) will be offered an 
addendum when the term of their original franchise agreement expires, which will allow them to continue 
to offer only glass repair products and services (the “Repair Only Addendum”) but we do not offer any 
new “Glass Repair” franchises.  Certain existing franchisees who own a Glass Repair franchise are 
currently operating under a franchise agreement that allows them to offer glass replacement services and 
products as a separate business and not as part of their Novus® Glass Repair franchise.  This option will 
not be offered to new franchisees or franchisees not currently operating a separate glass replacement 
business.  In the past, NFI offered a separate “bolt-on” program to allow parties that operated other 
automotive related businesses or non-automotive glass businesses to also offer Novus® products and 
services from their businesses.  While NFI and we have always treated this bolt-on program as a franchise, 
at times, the bolt-on agreement was referred to as a license agreement, and those that signed it referred to 
as bolt-on franchisees, licensees, affiliates or affiliate licensees.  Currently, we do not offer separate bolt-
on franchises, but may grant a party with an existing business a Novus® franchise. 
