Novus FDD (03/2025) 
38 
We have the right to determine how, where, and when contributions to the Marketing Fund will be spent 
and the amount that will be spent for media, production and other advertising and marketing concepts.  We 
are not required to spend any amounts in your Territory or marketing area.  We have the right to use the 
Marketing Fund to purchase and pay for product research and development, sales and marketing materials, 
advertising materials, ad slicks, brochures, radio and television commercials, services provided by 
advertising agencies, market research, media time and space advertising (including local, regional or 
national radio, television, newspaper, magazine and other print advertising), promotions, development and 
protection of our Marks, marketing, public relations, telemarketing, the establishment and maintenance of 
Internet sites promoting our brand, including social networking and social media sites, sales persons or 
agencies to represent franchisees, the cost of providing toll-free and other telephone services for the benefit 
of our franchisees, administrative expenses in operating the Marketing Fund, and other national, regional 
and local advertising and promotion that we deem appropriate.  We also have the right to use the Marketing 
Fund for advertising, marketing and promoting glass replacement services, glass repair services, and other 
services, in any combination, way, and/or manner that we deem appropriate, even if you do not offer some 
of these products or services in your business.   
We work with a national advertising company to develop our advertising.  We also have an advisory council 
that advises us on the Marketing Fund.  The council is comprised of 5 franchisees.  Three of the members 
are selected by our franchisees, by region, and we select two franchisee members as at-large members.  The 
council serves in an advisory capacity and we have the right to change or dissolve the council at any time.   
We do not, and will not, use the Marketing Fund for advertising that is primarily intended to help us sell 
franchises.  We have no obligation to spend any portion of the Marketing Fund in your Territory or for your 
business, or to promote any particular segment of your business.  If you request it, we will provide you with 
a report of the Marketing Fund within 120 days after the end of each calendar year, however, we do not 
audit the Marketing Fund.   
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, expenditures from the Marketing Fund were made in the 
following categories:   
Item 
Percent Expended 
NOVUS Online Marketing 
Program Maintenance, Customer 
Service Support and Tracking
18% 
NOVUS Social Media 
Campaigns
2% 
NOVUS Reputation Management 
3% 
Advertising Placements 
44% 
General Administration 
4% 
Trade Show and Events 
29% 
We will develop and sell sales, marketing and advertising materials to you that you can use to advertise 
your Novus® business in your market.  (See Sections 10.2 and 10.5 of the Franchise Agreements.)  We may 
create those materials or use outside advertising agencies to create these materials.  You may use 
advertising materials you develop, but you must first submit them to us and obtain our approval.  You must 
spend 4% of your Gross Revenues for local advertising.  If you sign one of the NAPA Co-Location 
Addenda, you may be permitted to jointly advertise your Novus® business with your other businesses at 
your facility; however, if so allowed, you may apply only 50% of the cost of joint advertising to your 4% 
local advertising requirement. 
