- 9 - 
(b)
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees.  Beginning in the 4th month after you sign this 
Agreement, the minimum monthly royalty fee (the “Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee”) you must 
pay us will be $350, which will increase beginning in the 7th month after you sign this Agreement 
to $500, and will continue at that amount throughout the remainder of the Term.  However, if this 
Agreement is signed (i) as part of a re-franchising, (ii) in connection with the transfer of an 
existing franchise, or (iii) as part of a conversion of an existing glass business of another brand to 
the Novus® Business that will be operated under this Agreement, then beginning in the first 
month after you sign this Agreement, the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee will be $500. 
(c)
Actual Monthly Royalty Fee.  If the actual monthly Royalty Fees calculated under 
subsection 5.4(a) are greater than the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee, then you must pay us the 
amount of the actual monthly Royalty Fee payable for the month.  If the actual monthly Royalty 
Fees calculated under this subsection 5.4(a) is less than the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee, then 
you must pay us the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee as the Royalty Fee for that month. 
5.5
Timing of Royalty Payments.  All Royalty Fees will be paid in arrears.  You shall pay the 
Minimum Monthly Royalty Fee on the 1st day of each month, and the balance of the Royalty Fee by the 
10th day of each month with respect to Gross Revenues from the preceding month.  Your failure to pay 
any of these monthly Royalty Fees to us on a timely basis will be a material breach of this Agreement.  
Your obligation to pay us the Royalty Fees is absolute and unconditional. 
5.6
Payment Procedures.  You agree and acknowledge that we have instituted an automatic bank 
transfer system to receive automatic payments of Royalties Fees and any or all payments required 
pursuant to this Agreement or the Manual. You agree to establish a bank account and to comply with all 
procedures and to execute the authorizations set forth in the Authorizations for Automatic Bank Transfer 
documents set forth in Schedule “D” attached hereto and such other forms and authorizations as may be 
requested or required by us in connection with such automatic bank transfer system. You hereby agree to 
make all payments required hereunder, including but not limited to all Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees, 
by automatic bank transfer to the bank account designated by us for such purposes. 
5.7
Late Payment and NSF Charges.  In addition, in the event that any amount due to Franchisor or 
its Affiliates under this Agreement is not paid by the due date, such past due amounts shall accrue interest 
at a rate of the lesser of one and one half percent (1.5%) per month or the highest rate of interest allowed 
under applicable law, prorated on a daily basis, from the due date until the date payment is made in full.  
The interest shall be calculated based on the number of days the payment is late and shall be added to the 
outstanding balance.  Payment of any interest accrued does not relieve the party from its obligation to pay 
the principal amount due.  In addition, a non-sufficient fund fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100) will be 
assessed for any uncollected automatic bank transfer which may result from insufficient or uncollected 
funds. 
ARTICLE 6. 
OPERATIONS MANUAL AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
6.1
Compliance with Operations Manual.  After you have completed the Initial Training Program, 
we will provide you with the Operations Manual and all supplements that we may publish from time to 
time or provide you access to a Secure Website containing the Operations Manual and supplements.  In 
order to protect our reputation and goodwill, and to maintain uniform operating standards under the 
Marks and the Business System, you shall at all times operate the Business in compliance with our 
Operations Manual.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we designate any standards in our Operations 
Manual as suggested provisions, or as otherwise not mandatory, you are not required to comply with 
