- 12 - 
information we request, for review and/or product testing to determine whether the supplier or distributor 
and its Products and Services meet our standards and specifications.  We will have the right to inspect the 
facilities of the proposed supplier or distributor.  Within 10 days after being invoiced, you will reimburse 
us for the costs and expenses we incur to: (a) analyze, review and test the products and/or services and the 
samples; and (b) conduct an inspection of the facilities of the proposed supplier or distributor, subject to a 
minimum fee we may set from time to time.  We will complete all testing of all products and/or services, 
and notify you of our determination within 45 days after we receive all of the required information.  We 
will have the right to require any new or existing Approved Supplier to sign a contract containing terms 
and conditions acceptable to us, including those relating to pricing, delivery, terms, product availability, 
economic viability, service and quality and the right to modify at any time the terms or conditions of that 
contract.  We may at any time add or remove an Approved Supplier or add, remove or modify in any 
manner any requirement that you purchase any given Products and Services only from an Approved 
Supplier. 
7.7
Branding of Products.  Except as we approve in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing, 
you shall not under any circumstances have the right to: (a) use or display the Marks on or in connection 
with any Product and Service; (b) acquire, develop, create, package or manufacture any product using the 
name “Novus®” or any of the Marks, or direct any other person or entity to do so; (c) acquire, develop or 
manufacture any product that has been developed or manufactured by or for us for use with the Business 
System and which is sold under any of the Marks, or direct any other person or entity to do so; or (d) use, 
have access to, or have any rights to any proprietary formulas or configurations for any Products and 
Services developed by us or on our behalf. 
7.8
Profit and Payments.  You acknowledge that we or our Affiliates may make a profit on 
purchases of Products and Services you make from us.  You also acknowledge that we or our Affiliates 
may receive Payments based in whole or in part on purchases of Products and Services you make from a 
Designated Supplier, Approved Supplier or another third party.  Any Payments we or our Affiliates 
receive from a Designated Supplier, Approved Supplier or other third party as a result of your purchases 
from any such supplier will be our property and you will not have any right to any portion of those 
payments. 
7.9
Purchases from Us, Designated Supplier or Approved Supplier.  We and our Affiliates will 
have the right to change the prices, delivery terms, payment terms, and other terms relating to the 
Products and Services sold to you without giving you prior notice, and discontinue the sale of any 
Products and Services for any reason without any liability to you.  We and our Affiliates will not be liable 
to you for the unavailability of Products and Services from us or from a Designated Supplier or Approved 
Supplier, or for any delay in shipment or receipt of Products and Services from us, or from a Designated 
Supplier or Approved Supplier due to temporary product shortages, order backlogs, production 
difficulties, delays, unavailability of transportation, fire, strike, work stoppage, or other causes beyond the 
control of us or our Affiliates. 
7.10
National or Regional Accounts.  We will promote you for involvement with national or regional 
accounts with whom we have contacts, including insurance companies and fleet accounts that have 
business arrangements with us or our Affiliates.   
(a) 
If we offer you the opportunity to provide services to a national or regional insurance 
company, fleet account, or other account in your Territory, you must service the account 
and comply with all of our procedures for servicing the account and any additional 
applicable insurance required by the insurer or fleet account.  These procedures may 
include, among others, pricing policies that set the price for services rendered to the 
account. They may also include payment arrangements that result in the insurance 
