Direct Payment 
Minimum Payment/Direct Deposit Form
We are pleased to offer you a new service—the Direct 
Payment Plan, which, combined with a direct deposit of 
insurance payments to you, will allow you to have your 
minimum royalty payment deducted automatically from 
your checking or savings account, and allow us to directly 
deposit insurance payments into your account.  And, you 
won’t have to change your present banking relationship to 
take advantage of this service. 
The Direct Payment Plan will help you in several ways: 

It saves time – fewer checks to write. 

Helps meet your commitment in a convenient and 
timely manner – even if you’re on vacation or out of 
town. 

No lost or misplaced statements, your payment is 
always on time-it helps maintain good credit. 

It saves postage. 

It’s easy to sign up for, easy to cancel. 

No late charges. 

Faster receipt of third-party insurance payments you 
have earned. 
Here’s how the Direct Payment Plan works: 
You authorize regularly scheduled payments to be made from 
your checking or savings account for your Minimum Monthly 
Royalty Fee and any other fixed monthly fee you owe us or our 
Affiliates under your franchise agreement.  In addition, we will 
deposit directly into your account your portion of payments we 
receive for services you perform for national or regional 
insurance companies, fleet accounts, or other third-party 
accounts. Then, just sit back and relax.  Your royalty payments 
will be made automatically on the specified day, and your 
payments will be received automatically on the specified day.  
And proof of payments and receipts will appear on your 
statement.  The authority you give to charge your account, and 
make deposits into your account, will remain in effect until you 
notify us in writing to terminate the authorization.  If the 
amount of any payment you owe to us changes, we will notify 
you at least 10 days before payment date.  The Direct Payment 
Plan is dependable, flexible, convenient and easy.  To take 
advantage of this service, complete the attached authorization 
form and return it to us. 
All you need to do is: 
1.  Mark the box before type of account to indicate whether 
your minimum royalty payment will be deducted from your 
checking or savings account.  Your payments will be deposited 
into the same account. 
2.  Fill in your name, financial institution name and location and 
date. 
3.  Attach a voided check for verification of all financial 
institution information.  If you are unable to attach the voided 
check, please fill in your account number and routing number. 
NOTE:  Be sure to sign the form! 
AUTHORIZATION FOR DIRECT PAYMENT/DEPOSIT 
I authorize Novus Franchising 2 LLC to initiate electronic debit entries to my: 
checking account   or    savings account for payment of  
. 
I understand I will receive a notice if the amount changes.  I acknowledge that the origination of ACH transactions to my account 
must comply with the provisions of U.S. law.  Direct payments for Minimum and fixed monthly fees will be made on the 10th of 
the month (or the first business day after the 10th of the month if the 10th falls on a weekend or holiday).   
I further authorize Novus Franchising 2 LLC to initiate deposits into this account of any amounts they receive on my behalf for 
services provided to a national or regional insurance company, fleet account or other account.   
This authority will remain in effect until I have cancelled it in writing. 
Date  
Financial Institution Name (Please Print)  
Account Number at Financial Institution  
Financial Institution Routing/Transit Number  
Financial Institution City and State  
Signature  
PLEASE KEEP A COPY OF THE AUTHORIZATION FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Staple Voided Check Here
