3 
current form of Software Sublicense Agreement prior to such expiration, provided that the License Fee 
will be waived and Licensee will continue to pay any monthly Maintenance Fees or other monthly fees as 
provided therein, as of the commencement of that agreement.   
9. 
MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT. 
(a) 
Provided Licensee is not in arrears in respect of payment of Maintenance Fees, NF2 will 
continue to provide Licensee with Maintenance Services during the term of this 
Agreement.  Maintenance Services will comprise of enhancements, upgrades and any 
modifications to the Software and will include bug fixes for the Software pursuant to this 
Agreement; 
(b) 
Provided Licensee: (i) uses designated Equipment to support the Software; (ii) has 
implemented all upgrades to the Software as required by NF2; and (iii) Licensee is not in 
arrears in respect of payment of Maintenance Fees, NF2 will continue to provide 
Licensee with Support Services during the term of this Agreement.  Support Services will 
comprise technical and implementation assistance and support by telephone, facsimile or 
electronic mail during normal business hours of NF2, or at any other reasonably practical 
time.  If Licensee fails at any time to comply with any one or more of conditions (i) to 
(iii) of this provision, NF2 may, at its sole discretion, terminate any or all of the Support 
Services. After the first three-month period from the date of acquisition of the Software, 
Support Services included in the Maintenance Fees are subject to a maximum of two 
hours of Support Services per month. Support Services for any additional hours (with a 
minimum of one quarter hour) will be provided at such hourly rate as is specified by NF2 
from time to time; and 
(c) 
NF2 will have no obligation to provide or continue to provide Maintenance Services or 
Support Services for Software that is altered, modified, mishandled, destroyed or 
damaged by natural causes or the act of omission of Licensee, its employees or agents or 
any third party or by use other than is provided for in this Agreement and in any 
documentation and instructions provided by NF2. 
10. 
CORRECTION OF DEFECTS/BUG FIXES. 
NF2 will have no responsibility to correct defects attributable to the Software or any other third party 
software or hardware.   In the event that a defect causes the Software to become inoperable or if such 
defect is interfering with the Novus Business, NF2 will notify Licensor and may, at its option, attempt to 
assist Licensee to correct such defect.  In such an event, Licensee will provide reasonable access to any of 
its hardware or software, including all relevant documentation and records, and will provide such 
reasonable assistance as NF2 or Licensor may request, including sample output and other diagnostic 
information in order to assist in providing defect correction services. Licensee agrees to implement the 
latest upgrade to the Software if required by NF2 to correct any defect.   
11. 
REPRODUCTION AND MODIFICATION OF SOFTWARE. 
Licensee is permitted to reproduce the Software for use in connection with the Novus Business only as 
required for back-up, archival, maintenance or disaster relief purposes in connection with the operation of 
the Novus Business.  Licensee will have not more than one back-up copy of the Software in its possession 
at any one time. Any copy of the Software, in whole or in part, will contain all of Licensor’s restrictive 
and proprietary notices as they appear on the copy of the Software provided by NF2, and any other such 
notices as may be required by NF2.  Licensee will not duplicate, in whole or in part, any manuals or other 
