- 27 - 
during the policy period that result in bodily injury or property damage, or which necessitate clean-up, 
remediation, or rehabilitation of property. 
12.8
Other Insurance.  The insurance coverage set forth in this Agreement only describes the 
minimum insurance we require you to obtain.  It is your obligation to determine whether it needs to carry 
other insurance, or higher levels of insurance either by law or because of the nature of your business or 
any contract you have signed.  We reserve the right to require you to obtain additional insurance coverage 
as may be specified by us from time to time.  
12.9
Our Rights.  All insurance policies we require you to obtain must name us as an additional 
named insured, and provide that we will receive copies of all notices of changes in these policies, or 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or coverage reduction or elimination, at least thirty (30) days before any 
cancellation, nonrenewal, or change takes effect.  At least ten (10) days before operating the Business, 
annually thereafter, immediately after changing any insurance coverage, or at any time upon our request, 
you must provide us with certificates of insurance confirming you have obtained all the insurance 
coverage we require.  If you fail or refuse to maintain the insurance coverage we require, or fail to timely 
provide us evidence of this coverage, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain the required 
insurance coverage.  You will promptly sign all applications and other documents required to obtain the 
required insurance, and will, upon receipt of an invoice, immediately reimburse us for the cost of 
obtaining the required insurance. All policies shall indemnify and hold harmless us and contain a waiver 
of subrogation clause, cross liability, severability of interest and be primary and non-contributory. You 
will promptly report all claims and potential claims against you or us or any of your or our Affiliates or 
other related companies to its insurers and us. 
ARTICLE 13. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORTING 
13.1
Financial Statements.  You must give us semi-annual and annual Financial Statements for the 
Business within 90 days after: (a) the end of each semi-annual period; and (b) your fiscal year-end.  All 
Financial Statements you provide to us must be prepared using a chart of accounts and format we specify. 
13.2
Verification of Financial Statements.  If your annual or semi-annual Financial Statements are 
not prepared by an independent certified public accountant, then you (if you do not operate as an entity), 
or your senior executive officer, must certify the accuracy and completeness of the financial statements. 
13.3
Gross Revenues Report.  You must maintain an accurate written record of the daily Gross 
Revenues for the Business.  By the 10th day of each month, you must give us a signed statement of the 
Gross Revenues generated by the Business (the “Gross Revenues Report”) in the preceding month, 
using the forms we specify.  At our request and at your sole cost and expense, you agree to swear to the 
truth of such Gross Revenues Report by means of affidavit executed before a Notary Public.  If you fail to 
submit any Gross Revenues Report when due, withhold our access to your accounting and financial 
systems or data, we may assess a fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100), which we have the right to increase 
by up to twenty five percent (25%) each calendar year during the Term. 
13.4
Our Audit and Review Rights.  We have the right at any time, and without notice to Franchisee, 
to independently access, review, and audit your Financial Records for the last five fiscal years.  The 
review may be conducted by an employee of ours or by other people we designate.  If we elect to proceed 
with an audit of your Financial Records, then the audit will be conducted by an outside public accounting 
firm.  You and your accountants will make all of your Financial Records available to us for review and 
audit at the Retail Location, including but not limited to providing our representative(s) access to your 
accounting and financial systems or data.  You shall also provide our representative(s) with adequate 
