Novus FDD (03/2025) 
39 
If there are 2 or more Novus® franchisees in a local market, we may require you to join a local advertising 
cooperative, and your contributions to the cooperative will apply toward your 4% local advertising 
requirements.  To date, we have not formed any of these cooperatives.  We reserve the right to form, change, 
dissolve, or merge advertising cooperatives.  If we require you to participate in an advertising cooperative, 
then we will determine the administrative responsibilities, governing documents and reporting procedures.   
You must use our designated digital marketing supplier (as of the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document, this is Eulerity).  For the first 6 months of operation of your Novus® business, we will pay for 
a $500 per month media spend for you with our digital marketing supplier.  After 6 months of operation of 
your Novus® business, you must spend $500 per month on media spend with our designated digital 
marketing supplier.  This designated digital marketing supplier media spend will apply toward your 4% 
local advertising requirement. 
You must at all times have access to the internet and maintain an e-mail address.  You will not establish a 
website or home page on the internet, or create any social networking and/or social media website, profile, 
or account for your business, or making reference to us, your Novus® business, or the Novus® system, 
without first getting our approval, and except in compliance with our internet policy or other policies, 
requirements and specifications we may establish. 
Additional Training 
If this is your first Franchise Agreement with us, then within 2 months after you begin operating, we will 
send a member of our training staff to your market to provide approximately 1 week of in-the field training 
to you.  (See Section 9.5 of Franchise Agreements.)  We will also occasionally offer additional or advanced 
training programs to improve the standards of services and products offered under the Novus® business 
system, or to maintain the product and service consistency we require.  (See Section 9.7 of the Franchise 
Agreements.)  You, your manager and/or your employees must, at your expense, attend and successfully 
complete all additional or advanced training programs that apply to your franchise, and you must pay us 
our then-current training fee for this training, but we do not currently have any fees for additional training. 
National or Regional Accounts 
We will promote you for involvement with national or regional accounts, including insurance companies, 
with whom we have contacts.  If we offer you the opportunity to provide services to a national or regional 
insurance company, fleet account, or other account in your Territory, you must service the account and 
comply with all our procedures for servicing the account.   In some cases, the accounts may pay us for your 
services, in which case we will remit your portion of the payment to you within 30 days after we receive 
the payment, provided you are current in all your financial obligations to us and our affiliates and you are 
current in all your financial obligations to all suppliers with which we have a relationship.  (See Section 
7.10 of the Franchise Agreements.)  If you are not current in any of these obligations, we will have the 
right, but not the obligation, to withhold an amount necessary to bring your obligations current, and we will 
then remit the balance, if any, to you.   
Computer Systems 
You will purchase a laptop computer and printer from us for use in your business (our Vehicle Office 
Package, which is one of our Additional Equipment Packages).  It will be pre-loaded with point-of-sale 
software, accounting software, and a chart of accounts for use in your business.  The cost is $1,500.  If you 
have a retail location franchise, you must purchase a second computer to integrate with the laptop computer.  
You will also need a smart phone, but we do not designate any particular model or brand.  We recommend 
you use that phone as a hotspot to provide Internet service to your laptop.  You must use our POS software 
in operating your business.  We will license the software to you the first year for $3,000.  This fee includes 
