5 
8. 
Miscellaneous.  The provisions set forth in the Franchise Agreement for your first Novus 
Business entitled “FRANCHISEE’S COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE,” “INDEMNIFICATION,” 
“INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF AGREEMENT,” “Governing Law,” “Severability,” 
and “DISCLAIMER AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS,” are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by 
reference and shall be applicable to this Agreement until such time as you sign a subsequent Franchise 
Agreement, at which time the provisions of the new agreement containing provisions similarly titled shall 
be incorporated into this Agreement by reference in place of the previous provisions.  Likewise, if you 
later sign yet another Franchise Agreement, at all times, the provisions contained in the last Franchise 
Agreement you sign with us that are found under these titles are hereby incorporated into this Agreement 
by reference in place of the previous provisions.  You acknowledge having received a copy of our current 
forms of Franchise Agreement for use in the sale of Novus Businesses, and that until you sign a Franchise 
Agreement for your first Novus Business, the provisions of the form Franchise Agreement we provided to 
you for a Retail Location, that are identified by these headings will be deemed incorporated herein by 
reference and applicable to this Agreement.  Any reference to the expression “this Agreement” in the 
Articles and Sections referenced in the first sentence above will be interpreted as a reference to this Area 
Development Agreement and any reference to “ADR” will read as the Development Territory.  Any 
capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the 
first Franchise Agreement you sign for a Novus Business in exercise of your development rights under 
this Agreement.  Nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement is intended to disclaim any 
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document you acknowledge having received at least 14 
calendar days prior to the execution of this Agreement.  The use of the term “including” in this 
Agreement shall mean “including without limitation.” 
9. 
Survival of Terms.  Any provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, may or are 
to be performed following expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such termination or 
expiration. 
[THIS AGREEMENT CONTINUES WITH A RIDER,  
WHICH IS A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT] 
