- 38 - 
ARTICLE 20. 
INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF AGREEMENT 
20.1
Injunctive Relief.  You, your Owners and the Personal Guarantors agree that, notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Agreement, we will have the right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction 
for the entry of temporary restraining orders, temporary and permanent injunctions and orders of specific 
performance: 
(a)
enforcing the provisions of this Agreement relating to: (i) the Marks and the Business 
System; (ii) your obligations on termination or expiration of this Agreement, (iii) your Sale or 
Transfer of this Agreement, the Business Assets, or any Ownership Interest; (iv) the 
confidentiality of the Operations Manual and other confidential information; and/or (v) any 
covenants not to compete; and 
(b)
enjoining any act or omission by you or your employees that: (i) is a violation of any law, 
ordinance or regulation; (ii) is dishonest or misleading to the clients or customers of the Business 
or other Novus businesses; (iii) is a danger to the employees, public, guests, clients or customers 
of the Business; or (iv) may impair the goodwill associated with the Marks or the Business 
System.   
You agree that we shall be entitled to obtain this injunctive relief without posting a bond or, if a court 
nevertheless requires a bond, by posting a bond set by the court in an amount not to exceed $5,000. 
20.2
Mediation.  Except for matters for which we may elect to enforce this Agreement by judicial 
process and injunction as set forth in Section 20.1, each of us (and your Owners and Personal Guarantors) 
agree to enter into mediation of all disputes involving this Agreement or any aspect of the relationship 
between us, for a minimum of four (4) hours, prior to the initiation of any lawsuit or other proceeding 
against the other.   
(a)
Upon written notice by either of us to the other of the initiating party’s desire to mediate, 
the party receiving the notice will select an independent entity that regularly provides mediation 
services to franchisors and franchisees to serve as mediator in the proceeding.  If the party 
receiving the notice of intent to mediate does not provide the name of such organization within 
ten (10) business days from the date the notice of intention to mediate is received, then the other 
party may forego mediation of the issue(s) and commence a legal action against the other or, at its 
option, make the selection of the organization to provide mediation services.  If one of us selects 
an organization that is unwilling to serve as mediator or does not meet the requirements of this 
Section, then the other party may select the organization.  Once the organization is designated and 
agrees to accept appointment as mediator, the organization will be directed to schedule the 
mediation proceeding at a time mutually convenient to both of us.  The mediation will be held 
within thirty (30) days following receipt by the mediation organization of notification that its 
services are being retained.  If You and we cannot agree on a date for mediation, then the 
mediation organization will select a date it believes is reasonable, given all of the alleged 
conflicts and dates.   
(b)
The actual mediator must be a person who has had at least ten (10) years of experience as 
either franchisee or franchisor (or is an officer of such an entity) or in franchise law. 
(c)
You and we will equally share the cost of the mediator.   
