Glass Repair Only Re-Franchise Addendum 
3. 
18.2 
In-Term Covenant Not to Compete.  You further agree that unless you have 
demonstrated to us that you have been regularly offering, selling and providing glass replacement 
or installation products and services (“Replacement Services”) prior to the date you began 
operating as a Novus® franchisee, then you, your Owners, and the Personal Guarantors, and the 
members of your and their Immediate Families will not, during the term of this Agreement, for 
your or their own account, or as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, 
member, or owner of any other person, firm, entity, partnership, company or corporation, own, 
operate, lease, franchise, conduct, engage in, consult with, be connected with, have any interest 
in, or assist any person or entity engaged in any business that offers, sells or provides 
Replacement Services without entering into a new franchise agreement with us that authorizes 
you to provide Replacement Services.   
If you can demonstrate to us that you regularly offered, sold and provided Replacement Services 
prior to the date you began operating as a Novus® franchisee, then the foregoing will not prevent 
you from continuing to offer, sell and provide Replacement Services, provided you do so separate 
from the Business, and provided you meet the following conditions:   
(a) 
The Replacement Services may not be offered under the “Novus” name and you may not 
use any of the Marks in your Replacement Services business. 
(b) 
The Replacement Services may not be offered under a name that is confusingly similar to 
the name “Novus” or any of the Marks. 
(c) 
The Replacement Services must be advertised and marketed separately from the other 
aspects of the Business, including separate Yellow Pages and internet advertising. 
(d) 
You must maintain a separate phone number, fax number and email address for the 
Replacement Services business from those you maintain for the Business. 
(e) 
A business location at which you interact face-to-face with both customers of the 
Business and customers of your Replacement Services business must meet the following 
specifications: 
(i) 
It must have approved Novus exterior signage that is equal to or larger than the 
signage of the Replacement Services business. 
(ii) 
It must have interior merchandising that meets our specifications. 
(iii) 
It must meet all other requirements of a fixed location as set out in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
(f) 
The invoices and bills that customers receive for the Replacement Services may not 
display or use the “Novus” name or any of the Marks. 
(g) 
The Replacement Services must be managed and accounted for by you using separate 
checks, books and business records from those used in the Business. 
(h) 
You may not use any vehicle in connection with your Replacement Services that displays 
the “Novus” name or any of the Marks. 
