- 5 - 
table above.  A “Quarter” will mean three (3) consecutive calendar months, beginning on the date of the 
first full three months after the date of this Agreement.  If you do not generate the Minimum Gross 
Revenues during any quarter of this Agreement, then we will have the right to terminate this Agreement 
under the terms of Section 15.1. 
2.10
Conditions. 
(a)
You shall operate the Business throughout the Territory in compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement and in conformity with the Business System for the entire Term. 
(b)
The rights and privileges we grant to you under this Agreement are personal in nature; 
you do not have the right to franchise, sub-franchise, license, sublicense or subcontract any of 
your rights under this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically provided for herein. 
(c)
You do not have the right to Sell or Transfer this Agreement, your rights under this 
Agreement, or the Business, except as specifically provided for in this Agreement. 
(d)
Your non-exclusive personal right to use any of the Marks as the name of the Business 
and your rights to use the Marks and the Business System will exist only so long as you fully 
perform and comply with all of the conditions, terms and covenants of this Agreement. 
(e)
You have the right to use the Marks and the Business System only in the manner we 
prescribe, direct, and approve in writing, and you shall adopt and use all variations of the Marks 
we designate from time to time.  If, in our judgment, your actions infringe upon or demean the 
goodwill, uniformity, quality or business standard associated with the Marks or the Business 
System, then you must, upon written notice from us, immediately modify your use of the Marks 
or the Business System in the manner we prescribe. 
(f)
You shall not make any changes or amendments whatsoever to the Marks or the Business 
System unless we approve those changes in writing. 
ARTICLE 3. 
TERM AND RE-FRANCHISE RIGHTS 
3.1
Term.  The term of this Agreement will be for 10 years (the “Term”) and will begin on the date 
of this Agreement and end on the date that is 10 years from the date of this Agreement (the “Expiration 
Date”). 
3.2
Your Option to Re-Franchise.  At the end of the Term, you will have the option to re-franchise 
the Business for one additional 10-year term, provided that you maintain possession of the Retail 
Location and have: 
(a)
given us written notice at least 210 days prior to the end of the Term of your intention to 
re-franchise the Business; 
(b)
complied with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and with our operating 
and quality standards throughout the Term; 
(c)
paid all monetary obligations you owe to us and to our Affiliates before the end of the 
Term, and have timely paid all those obligations throughout the Term; 
