Novus FDD (03/2025) 
25 
We currently require that you have the following minimum levels of insurance coverage from insurance 
companies with a financial strength rating of A or better as established by A.M. Best Company:  
General Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain general liability insurance including public 
and product liability with coverage of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the annual 
aggregate insuring you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all 
loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever, including bodily injury, personal injury, 
death, property damage, products liability and all other damages resulting from: (a) the condition, operation, 
use, business or occupancy of the Novus® business or the Retail Location and (b) the operation of any 
customer’s vehicle by any of your employees.  
Garage Keepers Liability Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain garage keepers insurance with 
coverage of at least $2,000,000 in the annual aggregate insuring you and your officers, directors, agents 
and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind 
whatsoever, including personal injury, death, property damage, fire and theft caused to any customer’s 
vehicle in your care, custody and control as a result of fire, explosion, theft, vandalism, riot and civil 
commotion, and collision.  The garage keepers insurance coverage must be written on a direct primary basis 
and be at least greater of the following; 
a)
Full value of all vehicles under the Franchisee’s care, custody, and control; and 
b) The maximum value of the type of vehicle that Franchisee usually services.
The amount insured must be compliant with the clause and co-insurance clause in the policy.
Vehicle Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain from our designated insurance provider the following 
minimum levels of insurance coverage for each vehicle owned or leased or operated:  (i) comprehensive 
fire and theft coverage with a maximum deductible of $1,000; (ii) collision coverage with a maximum 
deductible of $1,000; (iii) automobile liability insurance with minimum limits for bodily injury, property 
or death of $1,000,000, insuring you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from any and all 
loss, liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever resulting from the use, operation or 
maintenance of the vehicle; (iv) GAP insurance covering the total loan amount. If offered, you will also 
have adequate uninsured motorist insurance coverage.  To the extent you are not required to lease the 
vehicles it uses in the operation of the Novus® business from us, or for any other automobiles or vehicles 
owned or used by you or any of your employees (including automobiles owned or leased by any of your 
employees) in connection with the Novus® business and not leased from us, you must purchase and 
maintain vehicle/automobile insurance coverage that meets the foregoing minimum requirements.  
Property Insurance, Fire and Extended Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain “all risks” property 
insurance coverage, which must include fire and extended coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief 
coverage, garage keepers’ coverage for the Retail Location, inventory, machinery and equipment you own 
or lease for the Novus® business, including flood, earthquake, sewer-backup, and boiler and machinery 
coverage.  Your property insurance policy (including fire and extended coverage) must have coverage limits 
of at least “replacement” value plus any leasehold improvements or other additions, improvements, personal 
property, and equipment. 
Umbrella Liability Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain umbrella liability insurance with a 
minimum coverage amount of $1,000,000 that will provide additional liability insurance coverage for any 
liability incurred by you in excess of the primary liability insurance coverage you carry under your general 
liability insurance, auto vehicle liability insurance, and employer’s liability insurance policies. 
Worker’s Compensation Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain worker’s compensation insurance 
covering your employees who are injured in the course of employment, as well as your liability insurance 
