- 22 - 
Business.  You shall grant us access to all such business records, accounting and financial systems, and 
data for the purposes set forth in this Section 11.12.  We expect you and your staff to co-operate fully 
with any such inspection.  You are responsible for obtaining any consent(s) required in carrying out the 
obligations of this Section 11.12. 
11.13
Remodeling of Retail Location.  You must periodically make reasonable capital expenditures 
necessary to remodel, modernize and redecorate the Retail Location, and to replace and modernize your 
furniture, fixtures, signage, supplies and equipment so that the Retail Location will reflect the then-
common image we want portrayed by businesses operating under the Marks (hereinafter referred to as 
“remodeling”).  All remodeling of the Retail Location must be done in accordance with our standards 
and specifications and with our prior written approval.  You must begin remodeling the Retail Location 
within three months after you receive written notice from us specifying the required remodeling, and you 
will diligently complete the remodeling within a reasonable time.  Except as provided under Section 11.8, 
we will not require you to remodel the Retail Location, or to replace or modernize your furniture, fixtures, 
supplies and equipment, more than once every five years. 
11.14
Compliance with Applicable Laws.  You shall, at your expense, comply with all Applicable 
Laws.  You shall, at your expense, be responsible for determining all drivers and other licenses and 
permits required by Applicable Law for the Business and for your employees, for obtaining all licenses 
and permits, and for complying with all Applicable Laws. 
11.15
Payment of Taxes and Other Obligations.  You shall be responsible for the prompt filing and 
payment of all Taxes.  You shall timely pay all of your liquidated obligations and liabilities due and 
payable to us, and to your suppliers, lessors and other creditors, including obligations to pay suppliers for 
Products and Services. 
11.16
Reimbursement of Our Taxes.  We will pay our own corporate income and other taxes.  
However, if any “franchise” or other tax that is based on the Gross Revenues, receipts, sales, business 
activities or operation of the Business (“franchise tax”) is imposed upon us by any taxing authority 
(including any sales, income or related tax imposed upon us by the state in which the Business is located 
as a result of any royalties or other fees you pay to us), then you will, upon receiving written notice, 
reimburse us in an amount equal to the amount of the tax and related costs imposed on us. 
11.17
Uniforms.  You and your employees will wear the uniforms and standard attire we specify, and 
maintain those uniforms in a clean condition.  You will assure that all employees practice good personal 
hygiene. 
11.18
Business Hours.  The Business will be open for business (at a minimum) from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 
p.m. Monday through Friday, or during such other minimum business hours we specify. 
11.19
Employees.  You are responsible for recruiting, hiring and training all persons employed to 
operate the Business.  It is your responsibility to determine who you hire, how much to compensate them, 
the terms of their employment and working conditions, when and how to discipline those individuals, and 
when and how to terminate their employment.  It is also your obligation to supervise these people, to set 
their work schedules, and to maintain their employment records, and to perform all administrative 
functions for the Business related to the employment of your personnel.  You will inform your employees 
that they are your employees and not our employees or agents.  We will have no right to direct your 
employees.   
11.20
Operation of Business by Trained Personnel.  When you or your Manager are not on duty, you 
will have at least one employee on duty that has successfully completed the Required Training Programs 
