Novus Franchising 2 LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
9
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. Operating leases are included in
operating lease right-of-use [“ROU”] assets and current and non-current operating lease liabilities on the
Company’s balance sheet. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset which it controls
for the lease term and the corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligations to make lease payments arising
from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the
present value of the unpaid lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments used to measure lease liabilities
include fixed lease payments at the lease commencement date. As the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit
rate, an election was made to use risk-free rates for all leases as at the commencement date, in determining the
present value of future payments. The ROU asset is measured as the amount of the initial lease liability and
adjusted for initial direct costs, lease payments made at or before the commencement date and reduced by tenant
incentives received. The Company does not include options for renewal periods or periods beyond the termination
dates in the lease in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities until it is reasonably certain that those
options will be exercised based on management's assessment of various relevant factors including economic,
entity specific, and market-based factors amongst others. Lease expenses for lease payments under operating
leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less
[short-term leases], the Company elected to not recognize the ROU asset or lease liability, and the lease payments
are recognized in the statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term.
Income taxes
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events
that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and
the tax bases of the assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the temporary
differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded if, based on the
weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.
The Company is a member of a group, consisting of its parent company and other companies under common
control that files its income tax return on a consolidated basis. Current and deferred income taxes are allocated to
the Company as if it were a separate taxpayer. Any tax effect of the Company’s operating activity is passed to its
parent company for equal consideration if the tax effect can be realized using the consolidated approach.
Comprehensive income
The Company follows the provisions of ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income is defined as
the change in shareholders’ equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from
non-owner sources. Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is the same as the
Company’s net income.
