- 23 - 
not obtained our prior approval (or any Glass Repair services), it will be considered a breach of a material 
provision of this Agreement, and we will have the right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with 
Section 15.1(c). 
11.32
Photographs and Recordings of Your Business.  We have the right, at any time, to photograph, 
and make video and other recordings of any aspect of the Business, including associated vehicles and 
signage, and to use such photographs, videos and other recordings in any advertising and promotional 
material, in any form or medium now existing or later developed.  We may use these items without 
providing notice to you or receiving your consent, and we will not be obligated to make attribution or to 
compensate you for their use.  At our request, you will cooperate with us in taking and arranging for such 
photographs, videos and other recordings, and for obtaining the necessary consents of or assignments 
from individuals depicted in or involved in such photographs, videos and other recordings.  You 
irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title, and interest, if any, in and to all such photographs, videos 
and other recordings, together with all related intellectual property rights.   
11.33
Personal Guaranty.  If you are an entity, all persons with a direct or indirect Ownership Interest 
in you that we designate (collectively, the “Personal Guarantors”) must sign the Personal Guaranty 
attached as Schedule “C” to this Agreement. 
INSURANCE 
Franchisee shall purchase the following insurance policies from insurance companies with a financial 
strength rating of A or better as established by A.M. Best Company: 
12.1
General Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain general liability insurance 
including public and product liability with coverage of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per 
occurrence and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate insuring you and your officers, 
directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim and expense 
of any kind whatsoever, including bodily injury, personal injury, death, property damage, products 
liability and all other damages resulting from: (a) the condition, operation, use, business or occupancy of 
the Business or the Mobile Business and (b) the operation of any customer’s vehicle by any of your 
employees. 
12.2
Garage Keepers Liability Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain garage keepers 
insurance with coverage of at least Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate insuring 
you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, 
damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever, including personal injury, death, property damage, 
fire and theft caused to any customer’s vehicle in your care, custody and control as a result of fire, 
explosion, theft, vandalism, riot and civil commotion, and collision.  The garage keepers insurance 
coverage must be written on a direct primary basis and be at least greater of the following:
a)
Full value of all vehicles under the Franchisee’s care, custody, and control; and 
b) The maximum value of the type of vehicle that Franchisee usually services. 
The amount insured must be compliant with the clause and co-insurance clause in the policy.
12.3
Vehicle Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain from our designated insurance provider the 
following minimum levels of insurance coverage for each vehicle owned or leased or operated:  (i) 
comprehensive fire and theft coverage with a maximum deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); 
(ii) collision coverage with a maximum deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); (iii) automobile 
liability insurance with minimum limits for bodily injury, property or death of One Million Dollars 
