- 17 - 
(a) improve the quality and standards of Products and Services offered in connection with the Business 
System; (b) improve the operation of the Business; or (c) maintain the product and service consistency we 
require.  We may also offer optional training programs.  You will pay us our then-current training fee for 
each employee who attends our additional training programs.  In addition, you will register with and 
complete all training and other requirements (including payment of annual fees) to obtain registration 
from the AGSC indicating that you meet AGSC Standards within 6 months of the registration eligibility, 
and provide us a copy of the registration within 10 days of your receipt of the certification, and within 10 
days of any subsequent request on our part.  You will maintain that registration throughout the Term.  If 
you are subject to validation or audit by AGSC, you will provide us with the results of the audit within 10 
days after your receipt of those results, and will promptly correct any deficiencies shown in the audit. 
9.8
Payment of Salaries and Expenses, Release of Claims.  You will pay the salaries and travel 
expenses for yourself and all your employees who attend any required training program.  You, for 
yourself and for all employees who attend the Required Training Programs and any additional training 
programs we conduct, hereby release and agree to hold us and our officers and directors harmless from 
and against any and all claims, liability, damages, or causes of action of any nature arising from the 
participation and attendance by you or any employee of yours in any of the training programs we approve, 
conduct, or require.
ARTICLE 10. 
OPENING ASSISTANCE AND ADVERTISING 
10.1
Opening Assistance.  After you and your employees have successfully completed all required 
training, we will, if this is your first Franchise Agreement with us, make a representative of ours available 
to you in the Territory for up to five days to assist you in training your employees, implementing the 
Business System and evaluating initial business operations.  In addition, after you complete your training 
(or if this is your second or subsequent Franchise Agreement with us then from the date of this 
Agreement), we will make a representative of ours available to you, by telephone, for 60 days to assist 
you in implementing the Business System. 
10.2
Initial Marketing and Advertising.  We will provide to you, and you must purchase from us, at 
the time you sign this Agreement, an Initial Marketing Start-Up Package to assist you in identifying 
prospective customers and lead referral sources for your business, and in conducting an initial advertising 
and promotional campaign for the Business.
(a)
Designated Digital Marketing Spend.  You must spend a minimum of Five Hundred 
Dollars ($500) per month in media placements with our designated digital marketing supplier (the 
“Designated Digital Marketing Spend”).  For the first six (6) months of the Term, we will cover 
the Designated Digital Marketing Spend, however, after the first six (6) months of the Term, you 
will be fully responsible for the Designated Digital Marketing Spend, and such Designated 
Digital Marketing Spend will be accounted towards your 4% local advertising obligation under 
Section 10.3. 
10.3
Local Advertising Obligation.  You will spend at least 4% of your Gross Revenues each 
calendar quarter for local advertising and to promote the Business in the Territory, and promotional 
programs we approve.  In January of each year, you must provide us with information in a form we 
request showing the expenditures you made in the previous year on these advertising and promotional and 
search engine optimization programs.  If you did not spend the entire amount we required you to spend in 
that year, you must submit the difference to us (the “Local Advertising Fee”), with your report, and we 
will add the Local Advertising Fee to our Marketing Fund (discussed in Section 10.5 below).  You must 
receive our prior written approval before placing any advertising, marketing, public relations, 
