ND 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS®
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and unequitable under 
the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to include certain provisions within a 
franchise agreement.  In recognition of North Dakota Franchise Investment Law and the rulings of the 
North Dakota Securities Commissioner, the Disclosure Document is amended as follows: 
(a) Item 17 is revised to provide that covenants not to compete, such as those mentioned in Item 17(q) of 
the Disclosure Document, are generally considered unenforceable in the state of North Dakota. 
(b) Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law requires that mediation or litigation 
must be conducted at a location agreeable to the parties.  
(c) Any reference in the Disclosure Document to any requirement that the franchisee consents to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota is deleted. 
(d) The Securities Commissioner has held requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to liquidated 
damages or termination penalties to be unfair unjust or inequitable under NDCC Section 51-19-09. 
(e) Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the State of 
North Dakota.   
(f) Any reference in the Disclosure Document to any requirement to consent to a waiver of trial by jury 
is deleted. 
(g) Any reference in the Disclosure Document to any requirement to consent to a waiver of exemplary 
and punitive damages is deleted. 
(h) Any reference in the Disclosure Document to any requirement that the franchisee signs a general 
release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is deleted.  
(i) Any reference in the Disclosure Document requiring the franchisee to consent to a limitation of claims 
is deleted. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
(j) The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, including 
attorneys’ fees.   
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
