- 6 - 
Agreement may vary in substance and form from the terms, conditions, and economics of this 
Agreement. 
3.3
Hold-Over Franchise.  If this Agreement expires and is not renewed for any reason, ARTICLE 
17 will apply.  You acknowledge and agree that if you continue to operate the Business after the 
Agreement expires without execution and delivery of a New Agreement or an extension of this 
Agreement, there is no tacit or other renewal of this Agreement, but if we continue to accept the payments 
provided for under this Agreement, you shall continue to operate the Business on a month to month basis, 
subject to the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, except that during such interim period 
before a New Agreement is signed, your Royalty Fees will increase by $200 per month. In such case, 
either you or we may terminate this Agreement one month following the end of the current one-month 
term upon at least one month’s prior written notice to the other party. 
3.4
Option to Convert to a Franchise Operating From a Fixed Location.  You may not establish a 
fixed, retail location from which to operate the Business, or make any sales from a fixed retail location.  
However, at any time during the Term, you may convert your business from a Mobile Business to one 
that operates from a fixed location, provided that you:  
(a)
give us written notice of your desire to convert your Business; 
(b)
have complied with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and with our 
operating and quality standards throughout the Term; 
(c)
have timely paid all monetary obligations you owe to us and to our Affiliates throughout 
the Term; 
(d)
sign our then-current form of agreement for standalone glass repair and replacement 
franchisees operating from a fixed location; and 
(e)
pay to us a $250 conversion fee. 
The term of your agreement will be as set forth in your new franchise agreement, and you will also be 
required to pay the Royalty Fees and all other fees, and any additional fees, at the rates specified in your 
new franchise agreement, and complete all additional training that may be required under that agreement.  
You acknowledge that the terms, conditions, and economics of your new franchise agreement will vary in 
substance and form from the terms, conditions, and economics of this Agreement. 
LICENSING OF MARKS AND BUSINESS SYSTEM TO YOU 
4.1
Ownership of Marks. We warrant to you that we have the right to: (a) use and license the Marks 
and the Business System in the United States; and (b) grant you the right to use the Marks and the 
Business System.  If you conceive or develop any improvements or additions to the Business System, 
new trade names, trade and service marks or other commercial symbols related to your Business 
(collectively, the “Improvements”), you will fully disclose the Improvements to us without disclosure of 
the Improvements to others, and you will obtain our written approval before using such Improvements.  
Any and all Improvements that we approve will become our sole and absolute property, and may be used 
by us, you, all our other franchisees, and our Affiliates as we authorize without any liability to you or any 
obligation to pay you royalties or other compensation.  We, in our sole discretion, will have the exclusive 
right to register and protect all such Improvements in our name, and you will sign any documents we 
require to transfer or assign any Improvements to us.  Your use of the Marks, the Business System, any 
Improvements, and any goodwill arising from such use, will belong exclusively to us.  You shall not take 
