- 5 - 
(d)
Your non-exclusive personal right to use any of the Marks as the name of the Business 
and your rights to use the Marks and the Business System will exist only so long as you fully 
perform and comply with all of the conditions, terms and covenants of this Agreement. 
(e)
You have the right to use the Marks and the Business System only in the manner we 
prescribe, direct, and approve in writing, and you shall adopt and use all variations of the Marks 
we designate from time to time.  If, in our judgment, your actions infringe upon or demean the 
goodwill, uniformity, quality or business standard associated with the Marks or the Business 
System, then you must, upon written notice from us, immediately modify your use of the Marks 
or the Business System in the manner we prescribe. 
(f)
You shall not make any changes or amendments whatsoever to the Marks or the Business 
System unless we approve those changes in writing. 
TERM AND RE-FRANCHISE RIGHTS 
3.1
Term.  The term of this Agreement will be for 10 years (the “Term”), and will begin on the date 
of this Agreement and end on the date that is 10 years from the date of this Agreement (the “Expiration 
Date”). 
3.2
Your Option to Re-Franchise.  At the end of the Term, you will have the option to re-franchise 
the Business for one additional 10-year term, provided that you have: 
(a)
given us written notice at least 210 days prior to the end of the Term of your intention to 
re-franchise the Business; 
(b)
complied with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and with our operating 
and quality standards throughout the Term; 
(c)
paid all monetary obligations you owe to us and to our Affiliates before the end of the 
Term, and have timely paid all those obligations throughout the Term; 
(d)
agreed in writing to make the reasonable capital expenditures necessary to replace and 
modernize the equipment, vehicles (to the extent not leased from us), and technology so that the 
Business conforms to our then-current Business System, and lease from us the vehicles for use in 
operating the re-franchised Business to the extent required at the time; 
(e)
signed the form of Franchise Agreement we are then offering to new stand-alone glass 
repair and replacement franchisees operating as a Mobile Business (the “New Agreement”); and 
(f)
paid us a re-franchise fee of $4,000 (the “Re-Franchise Fee”) (in lieu of a new Initial 
Fee). 
(g)
Provided that you meet all of the conditions set forth above in subsections 3.2(a) to 3.2(f), 
we will waive our Initial Fee or any new Initial Training Fee.  If, at the same time you re-
franchise one Novus franchise, you re-franchise other Novus franchises that you own, we will 
charge you one additional Re-Franchise Fee of $2,500 for each additional franchise you re-
franchise at the same time.  In any case, you must pay the Re-Franchise Fee at the time you sign 
the New Agreement.  You will also be required to pay the Royalty Fees and all other fees at the 
rates specified in the New Agreement, and to pay all additional fees required by the terms of the 
New Agreement.  You acknowledge that the terms, conditions, and economics of the New 
