must be paid on the times and dates set out. The 
rental may be adjusted for changing tax rates. You 
may not withhold your rental payment for any reason 
whatsoever even if the Vehicle does not work or 
perform as you wish or if you have any claim or 
dispute under the Franchise Agreement. This is an 
absolute and unconditional obligation. The first 
payment is due on the Vehicle Delivery Date as 
specified in Schedule A. The remaining payments are 
due on the tenth (10th) day of each month during the 
term of this Lease, starting with the month 
immediately following the Vehicle Delivery Date. 
Depending upon your jurisdiction, taxes may be due 
monthly, annually, or in a lump sum at the beginning 
of this Lease. We will pay any taxes due when due. If 
taxes are due in a lump sum at the beginning of the 
Lease, you must pay us the lump sum amount for the 
taxes on the Vehicle Delivery Date. If taxes are due 
on a monthly or annual basis, we will bill you a pro 
rata amount monthly over the term of this Lease, at 
the same times and in the same manner as the 
monthly rent payments. Your obligation to pay the 
rental payment includes the obligation to pay the 
monthly tax payment, as applicable. 
4. 
POSSESSION OF VEHICLE 
You will take possession of the Vehicle on the Vehicle 
Delivery Date at the location we specify. We will 
attempt to arrange for this location to be at a 
dealership or other location within your market, so 
there are no shipping or delivery fees. If that is not 
possible, however, and we are required to ship or 
have the Vehicle delivered to a dealership or other 
location within your market, you will be required to 
pay the shipping or delivery fees to us. Upon delivery 
and before taking possession of the Vehicle, you will 
inspect the Vehicle and sign the Delivery and 
Acceptance Certificate attached as Schedule A to this 
Lease confirming that the Vehicle is in good operating 
condition and working order, and you have accepted it 
and have taken delivery of it as of the Vehicle 
Delivery Date. 
5. 
TERM AND TERMINATION 
The term of this Lease shall continue for the period 
set forth in section 2(4), unless this Lease is 
otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms. 
You have no right of early termination. We may 
terminate this Lease before the scheduled end of its 
term if a Default (as defined below) occurs. In 
addition, as described in the Background section, you 
understand that this Lease is a sublease, and we 
have entered into a lease for this Vehicle with Head 
Lessor. If our lease for the Vehicle or our Head Lease 
is terminated for any reason, then this Lease will 
likewise be terminated and your rights under this 
Lease will be subordinate to the rights of the lease 
which we entered into with the Head Lessor. 
6. 
END OF TERM 
If you remain in possession of the Vehicle after 
expiration of the term of this Lease, all provisions of 
this Lease shall continue to apply and monthly rental 
payments shall continue to be payable in the amount 
and by the day each month provided for in section 3 
until you have returned the Vehicle in accordance with 
section 14. Unless we advise you in writing, the 
foregoing shall not extend or be seen as renewing the 
term of this Lease. Further, the foregoing is in addition 
to and does not in any way limit our other remedies 
under this Lease. 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
7. 
INSURANCE 
You must purchase and maintain throughout the term 
of this Lease insurance for the Vehicle consisting of at 
least the following: a) comprehensive fire and theft 
coverage with a maximum deductible of $1,000, 
b) collision coverage with a maximum deductible of 
$1,000, c) automobile liability insurance with minimum 
limits for bodily injury or death of $1,000,000 for any 
one person and $1,000,000 for any one accident and 
$100,000 for property damage, or $1,000,000 
combined single limit, d) GAP insurance of at least 
the minimum amount we specify, and e) any other 
minimum insurance we specify. You must obtain this 
vehicle insurance from the insurance provider we 
specify. Before you take possession of the Vehicle 
and upon our request during the term of the Lease, 
you must provide us with certificates or other proof of 
insurance, as we specify, confirming you have 
obtained the minimum vehicle insurance coverage 
described in this section 7. 
This vehicle insurance must name us and Head 
Lessor (or potentially Head Lessor’s lender if Head 
Lessor requires) as loss payees and additional named 
insureds, as well as a waiver of subrogation against 
us, as we designate in our sole discretion. This 
vehicle insurance also must provide that we and Head 
Lessor will receive copies of all notices of changes in 
these policies, or cancellation, nonrenewal, or 
coverage reduction or elimination, at least thirty (30) 
days before any cancellation, nonrenewal or change 
takes effect. You hereby specifically authorize the 
vehicle insurance provider or its agent to release all 
information about your vehicle insurance we or Head 
Lessor request, including binders, policies, current 
payment and policy status, and any claims made or 
claim information by or on your policy for Vehicles 
leased from us. In addition, you hereby specifically 
authorize us to share this information, as well as 
certificates and other proof of your vehicle insurance 
with Head Lessor.  The insurance coverages shall be 
written with insurers having an A.M. Best rating of A- 
or better.  Any coverage limit required herein shall not 
be construed as a limitation or satisfaction of any hold 
harmless or indemnification agreement contained 
herein. 
If you fail to maintain the minimum vehicle insurance 
coverage we require, or fail to timely provide us 
evidence of this coverage, we have the right, but not 
