- 9 - 
make all payments required hereunder, including but not limited to all Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees, 
by automatic bank transfer to the bank account designated by us for such purposes. 
5.7
Late Payment and NSF Charges.  In addition, in the event that any amount due to Franchisor or 
its Affiliates under this Agreement is not paid by the due date, such past due amounts shall accrue interest 
at a rate of the lesser of one and one half percent (1.5%) per month or the highest rate of interest allowed 
under applicable law, prorated on a daily basis, from the due date until the date payment is made in full.  
The interest shall be calculated based on the number of days the payment is late and shall be added to the 
outstanding balance.  Payment of any interest accrued does not relieve the party from its obligation to pay 
the principal amount due.  In addition, a non-sufficient fund fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100) will be 
assessed for any uncollected automatic bank transfer which may result from insufficient or uncollected 
funds. 
OPERATIONS MANUAL AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
6.1
Compliance with Operations Manual.  After you have completed the Initial Training Program, 
we will provide you with the Operations Manual and all supplements that we may publish from time to 
time or provide you access to a Secure Website containing the Operations Manual and supplements.  In 
order to protect our reputation and goodwill, and to maintain uniform operating standards under the 
Marks and the Business System, you shall at all times operate the Business in compliance with our 
Operations Manual.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we designate any standards in our Operations 
Manual as suggested provisions, or as otherwise not mandatory, you are not required to comply with 
those provisions.  You acknowledge that the Operations Manual is designed to protect our standards and 
systems, and the Marks, and not for the purpose of controlling the day-to-day operation of the Business.  
Further, any references in the Manual to the operation of the Business from a fixed location shall not 
apply to you or your Business.   
6.2
Revisions to Operations Manual.  We reserve the right to revise the Operations Manual at any 
time.  You shall conform the Business to all changes and modifications we make to the Operations 
Manual, including the addition of new Products and Services, within a reasonable time as we determine in 
our sole discretion.  You shall at all times keep the Operations Manual current and up-to-date, and in the 
event of any dispute, the terms of the master copy of the Operations Manual we maintain, as amended 
from time to time, will be controlling in all respects.  If we publish the Operations Manual on a Secure 
Website, then the Operations Manual as published will be the master copy and we will not be required to 
update any hard copy in your possession.   
6.3
Confidentiality.  
(a)
You acknowledge that the Operations Manual, information regarding the Business 
System, and all other Confidential Information has been disclosed in the strictest of confidence to 
you and, accordingly, you shall not, during or after the Term, communicate, disclose, copy, 
duplicate, reproduce, reverse engineer or use for the benefit of, any person or entity any such 
Confidential Information, trade secrets, knowledge or know-how concerning the methods of 
operation which we communicate to you, or that relate to the operation of the Business, including 
any Confidential Information, trade secrets, knowledge or know-how published on a Secure 
Website.  You will disclose such Confidential Information only to your employees who need such 
access to operate the Business and have signed a confidentiality agreement in our approved form.  
Any and all information, knowledge and know-how including drawings, products, processes, 
trade secrets, formulas, photographs and visual displays of products or processes, including video 
tapes, CD-ROM, digital recordings, and digitally stored materials, brochures, marketing 
