4 
any of the Equipment is (in LESSOR’s sole judgment) damaged, LESSEE shall promptly repair such Equipment; 
provided, however, that if LESSEE is unable to properly complete such repairs to LESSOR’s satisfaction, LESSEE shall 
return the Equipment to LESSOR, at LESSEE’s cost, LESSOR shall then use reasonable efforts to repair the Equipment, 
and if this Lease has not terminated or expired, LESSOR shall ship the repaired Equipment back to LESSEE, freight 
collect, for the remaining term of this Lease. If LESSOR determines (in LESSOR’s sole judgment) that it is not practical 
to repair the Equipment, then LESSEE must pay to LESSOR the Lost Equipment Fee for each such piece of Equipment, 
and if this Lease has not terminated or expired, upon receipt of payment of the Lost Equipment Fee, LESSOR shall ship 
comparable replacement Equipment to LESSEE, which Equipment shall be leased to LESSEE for the remaining term of 
this Lease in accordance with the provisions hereof. In all cases, LESSEE shall be responsible for all freight charges 
incurred in connection with the shipping of replacement Equipment.   
12. 
LIABILITY:  LESSEE assumes all risk and liability arising from damage, possession, ownership and use of the 
Equipment, including injuries or death to persons or damage to property. Without demand, LESSEE will immediately 
notify LESSOR of each claim against LESSEE pertaining in any way to the Equipment. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION:  LESSEE agrees to indemnify and hold LESSOR harmless from and against any and all 
claims, losses, liabilities, damages or expenses, including legal costs and all attorneys’ fees, that arise in whole or in part 
from or are related to injury to or death of any person or loss of or damage to any real or personal property, caused 
directly or indirectly by the Equipment leased under this Lease or LESSEE’S possession, storage or use of the Equipment. 
14. 
RETURN OF EQUIPMENT: Upon expiration or termination of this Lease for any reason or in any manner 
whatsoever with respect to any unit(s) of Equipment, LESSEE at its own expense promptly will deliver all such unit(s) of 
Equipment to LESSOR at any location designated by LESSOR within the continental United States in good working order 
and in the same condition as delivered by LESSOR, normal wear and tear excepted. LESSEE will have no right to 
purchase or possess the Equipment following the expiration or termination of this Lease. 
15. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT: Each of the following occurrences will be an Event of Default under this Lease: 
A. 
LESSEE fails to pay any rent or other sum when due, and such default continues for more than 10 days 
after LESSOR sends LESSEE written notice of such failure; 
B. 
LESSEE breaches or fails to observe any other covenant of this Lease; 
C. 
LESSEE becomes insolvent; any petition under any bankruptcy law is filed by or against LESSEE; 
LESSEE makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar transfer evidencing insolvency; or LESSEE 
suffers or permits the commencement of any form of insolvency or receivership proceeding; or any trustee or 
receiver is appointed for LESSEE’S business or assets or any part of its business or assets; 
D. 
LESSEE breaches or fails to observe any agreement between itself and Novus Franchising 2 LLC;  
E. 
The Franchise Agreement is terminated by either party for any reason; or 
F. 
The Equipment becomes the subject of a security interest, lien, levy, attachment or execution by 
LESSEE’S creditors or any financial institution, except with LESSOR’S prior written approval. 
16. 
REMEDIES: Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, LESSOR may exercise any one or more of the 
following remedies, together with any remedies provided at law: 
A. 
LESSOR may, by written notice to LESSEE, terminate this Lease in respect to any or all equipment 
effective as of the date of occurrence of the Event of Default. LESSEE will not be entitled to any refund or 
adjustment of the pre-paid rent. 
