Direct Payment 
Percentage Royalty and Marketing 
Contribution Form
We are pleased to offer you a new service—the Direct 
Payment Plan for percentage royalties and marketing 
contributions.  Now you can have your payments deducted 
automatically from your checking or savings account.  And, 
you won’t have to change your present banking relationship 
to take advantage of this service. 
The Direct Payment Plan will help you in several ways: 

It saves time – fewer checks to write. 

Helps meet your commitment in a convenient and 
timely manner – even if you’re on vacation or out of 
town. 

No lost or misplaced statements, your payment is 
always on time-it helps maintain good credit. 

It saves postage. 

It’s easy to sign up for, easy to cancel. 
Here’s how the Direct Payment Plan works: 
You authorize regularly scheduled payments to be made from 
your checking or savings account for percentage royalties and 
marketing contributions you owe us under your franchise 
agreement.  Then, just sit back and relax.  Your payments will 
be made automatically on the specified day.  And proof of 
payment will appear on your statement.  The authority you give 
to charge your account will remain in effect until you notify us 
in writing to terminate the authorization.  The Direct Payment 
Plan is dependable, flexible, convenient and easy.  To take 
advantage of this service, complete the attached authorization 
form and return it to us. 
All you need to do is: 
1.  Mark the box before type of account to indicate whether 
your payment will be deducted from your checking or savings 
account. 
2.  Fill in your name, financial institution name and location and 
date. 
3.  Attach a voided check for verification of all financial 
institution information.  If you are unable to attach the voided 
check, please fill in your account number and routing number. 
NOTE:  Be sure to sign the form! 
AUTHORIZATION FOR DIRECT PAYMENT 
I authorize NOVUS Franchising 2 LLC to initiate electronic debit entries to my: 
checking account   or    savings account for payment of my percentage royalty and marketing contributions. 
I understand I will receive a notice only if the amount is more than $_________ (insert dollar amount). 
Direct payments for percentage royalties and marketing contributions will be made on the 10th of the month (or the first business 
day after the 10th of the month if the 10th falls on a weekend or holiday). 
I acknowledge that the origination of ACH transactions to my account must comply with the provisions of U.S. law. 
This authority will remain in effect until I have cancelled it in writing. 
Date  
Financial Institution Name (Please Print)  
Account Number at Financial Institution  
Financial Institution Routing/Transit Number  
Financial Institution City and State  
Signature  
PLEASE KEEP A COPY OF THE AUTHORIZATION FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
Staple Voided Check Here
