ND (ADA) - 1 
ADDENDUM TO 
NOVUS® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Novus® Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Novus® franchises 
offered and sold or operated in the State of North Dakota. 
1.
Section 5 of the Area Development Agreement will be amended to require that if we give 
you notice that you are delinquent in the payment of any fees or other payments you owe us, you will 
have 30 days after receiving notice to correct the breach by making full payment to us (including any 
applicable interest or late payment charges). 
2.
The covenant not to compete upon termination or expiration of the Area Development 
Agreement contained in Section 8 may not be enforceable, except in certain circumstances provided by 
law. 
3.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Area Development Agreement, the 
prevailing party in any enforcement action will be entitled to recover its costs, expenses and attorneys’ 
fees. 
4.
The Area Development Agreement will be governed by the laws of North Dakota, rather 
than the laws of Minnesota. 
5.
Your consent to jurisdiction and venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota may not apply, but 
that does not mean that venue in Ramsey County, Minnesota is improper, or that you, your Owners, and 
Personal Guarantors are not subject to jurisdiction in Ramsey County, Minnesota, or in any other state. 
6.
The provisions requiring waiver of punitive damages and a right to a jury trial are deleted 
from the Area Development Agreement. 
7.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of 
Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise.   
Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law are met 
independently without reference to this addendum. 
[Signatures on next page] 
