Novus FDD (03/2025) 
34 
consent, (vii) the Vehicle is lost, stolen, destroyed or determined to be unsuitable for use, and/or (viii) are 
in default of any of the terms of the Franchise Agreement.  If you are in default and fail to cure the default 
(to the extent it is curable), we may terminate the Vehicle Lease Agreement, repossess the Vehicle, and 
recover our damages, costs and attorneys’ fees, as further described in Item 6, note (9).  The Vehicle Lease 
Agreement does not require you to waive any defenses.   
Notwithstanding the above, if we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease 
Vehicles from us and you sign a Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with us, until you sign 
our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement with us, the leasing terms described in this Item 10 will not 
apply to you and you will be solely responsible for negotiating any Vehicle lease arrangements with third 
parties.  In addition, as described in the Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum, at the time you 
sign our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement, the terms of that agreement may be different than the terms 
described in this Item 10 and in the current version of the Vehicle Lease Agreement included in this 
Disclosure Document. 
(2) 
Novus and Novus 2 reserve the right to sell, assign, or discount to any third party, in whole or in part, any 
note, contract, lease or other instrument you sign.  If Novus or Novus 2 were to do so, you would lose any 
defenses against the lender as a result of the sale of assignment of your obligations.  Novus and Novus 2 do 
not guaranty your notes, leases or other obligations.  
Except as set forth above, we and our affiliates do not provide any direct or indirect financing to you. 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, Novus is not required to provide you with any assistance.  
11.1  Services Provided by Novus Before Opening of Business.
As further described in Item 5, we or our affiliate, Novus 2, will directly provide to you (a) your first 
Vehicle, except as noted below and elsewhere in this Disclosure Document, and (b) certain equipment, 
tools, supplies, and promotional materials that you will purchase or lease for your Novus® business. (See 
Articles 2 and 7 of the Franchise Agreements; Vehicle Lease Agreement; Equipment Lease Agreement.)  
As further described in Item 5, we will arrange for the delivery of your first Vehicle. We also will arrange 
for the delivery of the equipment, tools, supplies, and promotional materials that you purchase or lease 
from us or Novus 2, although we will not assist with the installation of these items.  We will provide you 
with specifications relating to these items as further described in Item 8.  Notwithstanding the above, if we 
elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us and sign a Delay of 
Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with you, we will not make available to you your first Vehicle. 
If you operate from a retail location, then we have the right to review the proposed location or area in which 
you will conduct business before you open your business at that location or area.  (If you sign an Area 
Development Agreement, this will also be true for each retail location developed under the Area 
Development Agreement and we will apply our then-current standards relating to our review for each retail 
location (see Item 12)).   We do not select or approve your site, but if you are a retail location franchisee 
and request assistance, we will consult with you, and provide our input, in selecting a site for your retail 
location, and at your request, assist you in negotiating the lease for that location.  (See Article 8 of the 
Retail Franchise Agreement.)  We do not own premises and lease them to you. 
If you fail to either purchase or lease a site for your business within 90 days of the date of your Franchise 
Agreement, as long as you lease from us and begin operating a mobile Vehicle from which you offer the 
Novus products and mobile services within that time, we will give you an additional 90 days to purchase 
