Any portion or provision of this Lease, which is invalid, 
illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to 
that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such 
invalidity, 
illegality, 
or 
unenforceability 
without 
affecting in any way the remaining portion or 
provisions hereof in such jurisdiction or to the extent 
permitted by law. 
27. 
NOTICE
Any notices or statements must be in writing and may 
be delivered or mailed by pre-paid post to the 
addresses on page 1. 
28. 
OBLIGATIONS
This Lease is an additional and separate obligation of 
you from the Franchise Agreement. Your obligations 
under this Lease are in addition to and distinct from 
the obligations that you have under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
29. 
GUARANTOR 
Each guarantor (if any) hereby agrees to be jointly 
and severally responsible with you for payments and 
the performance of all obligations under this Lease. 
30. 
GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND 
VENUE 
This Lease will be interpreted in accordance with the 
substantive laws of Minnesota without reference to 
the place of execution or performance.  All litigation, 
court hearings, actions or proceedings initiated by 
either party against the other to enforce or construe 
this Agreement or resolve any dispute arising under, 
or as a result of, or in connection with this Agreement, 
will be brought, venued and maintained exclusively in 
strict accordance with the laws of Minnesota.  Both 
parties hereby submit to personal jurisdiction in 
Ramsey County, Minnesota for the purposes of any 
litigation, court hearings, actions or proceedings.   
31. 
GENERAL 
This Lease contains the entire agreement between 
you and us relating to the leased Vehicle and/or 
equipment. There are no other agreements either oral 
or written between you and us except for the 
Franchise Agreement any other agreements stated in 
writing in this Lease. The only way this Lease can be 
changed is by a new written agreement signed by 
both parties. The headings in this Lease do not affect 
its interpretation. This Lease is drafted and shall be 
interpreted in English and the English version shall be 
the official version. The use of the term “including” in 
this Lease shall mean “including without limitation.”  
This Lease may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original and all of which when taken together shall 
constitute one (1) and the same instrument.
[Signature page follows]  
