ww)
“Ownership Interest” means: (i) shares of capital stock in the Franchisee, if you are a 
corporation; (ii) a general partnership interest in the Franchisee, if you are a partnership; (iii) 
a membership interest in the Franchisee if you are a limited liability company or a limited 
liability partnership; and (iv) any other type of membership or other equity interest in the 
Franchisee. 
xx)
“Payments” means all payments, compensation and/or other remuneration we receive from 
any Designated Supplier or Approved Supplier for any purchases of Products or Services 
you and/or any other franchisees of ours make, including payments in the form of: (i) 
rebates; (ii) volume discounts; (iii) advertising and marketing allowances; (iv) co-operative 
advertising; (v) price discounts; (vi) signing bonuses or initial payments; (vii) promotions; 
(viii) co-branding of any products or services; (ix) product development and testing; (x) 
market research; (xi) public relations; (xii) endorsements of any Products or Services; (xiii) 
goods or services of any kind; (xiv) administrative contributions; and/or (xv) any other form 
of benefit or consideration.  “Payments” also means any payments, compensation and/or 
other remuneration we receive for attaining sales goals or market share in any market in 
which we or our franchisees operate. 
yy)
“Personal Guarantors” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.33 of this Agreement. 
zz)
“Price and Terms” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 of this Agreement. 
aaa)
“Products and Services” means (i) all products and services you sell to customers of the 
Business, including Glass Repair and Glass Replacement Products and Services, which may 
include but are not limited to recalibration, upholstery, tinting, wipers, bedliners, headlight 
restoration, paint protection film, windshield protection film, sunroofs, detailing, and any 
other products or services which may be developed or offered to customers of the Business 
in the future, and (ii) all supplies, inventory, equipment and technology you use in the 
Business, including the Initial Equipment Package, other Glass Repair and Glass 
Replacement equipment, maintenance kits, drill systems, pumps, sprayers, tools, and all 
other supplies, equipment and technology we may require you to use in the operation of the 
Business. 
bbb)
“Re-Franchise Fee” has the meaning set forth in subsection 3.2(f) of this Agreement. 
ccc)
“Required Training Programs” means the training programs referred to in Sections 9.1, 
9.2, 9.3 and 9.6 of this Agreement. 
ddd)
“Resins and Related Products” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4 of this Agreement. 
eee)
“Retail Location” means real estate at a fixed location within the Territory from which you 
offer Products and Services to your customers, the address of which is contained in Part 1 of 
Schedule “B” attached to this Agreement. 
fff)
 “Royalty Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a) of this Agreement. 
ggg)
“Sale or Transfer,” “Sell or Transfer” and “Sold or Transferred” means to sell, assign, 
trade, give away, transfer, pledge, lease, sub-lease or otherwise dispose of. 
hhh)
“Secure Website” means a password protected Website that we control and is accessible 
only with our permission. 
