- 27 - 
owner must agree to personally guarantee this Agreement.  Each proposed transferee owner who will be 
involved in the operation or management of the Business must also successfully complete the Required 
Training Programs.  All Ownership Interests you issue to your Owners must bear the following legend: 
“The Ownership Interest represented by this certificate is subject to a written Franchise 
Agreement which grants Novus Franchising 2 LLC the right of first refusal to purchase the 
Ownership Interest from the Owner.  Any person acquiring the Ownership Interest represented by 
this certificate will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement which 
includes provisions containing covenants not to compete that apply to all Owners.” 
14.5
Selling Owners Subject to Covenant Not to Compete.  Any Owner that Sells or Transfers any 
Ownership Interest in the Franchisee will be subject to the provisions of Section 18.3 of this Agreement 
after the Sale or Transfer. 
14.6
Our Right to Purchase Business Assets Upon Expiration. If this Agreement expires at the end 
of its term and you do not exercise your option to re-franchise as provided in Section 3.2, then we will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase all of the Business Assets, except for the Ownership 
Interests, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.6.  Within 24 hours after this Agreement 
expires, you must give us written notice listing the cost and asking price for each one of the Business 
Assets.  If you fail to give us notice of the cost and asking price for the Business Assets, or if we do not 
agree with your asking price, and you and we cannot agree on the price of the Business Assets, then either 
you or we will have the right to demand that the price of the Business Assets be determined by arbitration 
in accordance with the Code of Procedure of the National Arbitration Forum, Post Office Box 50191, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55405 (www.arb-forum.com), 1-800-474-2371.  The arbitrator will not consider 
any value for goodwill associated with the name “Novus®” in determining the fair market value of the 
Business Assets since the right of purchase granted to us by this Section 14.6 only applies after this 
Agreement has expired.  If the arbitrator is unable to determine the fair market value of any of the 
Business Assets, then they will be valued at book value (cost less depreciation).  We will have the right, 
but not the obligation, to purchase any or all of the Business Assets from you for cash within 20 days after 
the fair market value of the Business Assets has been established by the arbitrator in writing.  However, 
we would also still have the right, whether or not we purchase the Business Assets, to recover any 
damages caused by any breach of this Agreement on your part, or any wrongful termination of this 
Agreement on your part, and we have the right to enforce all post-termination obligations you have in this 
Agreement, including the covenants not to compete contained in Section 18.3.
14.7
Our Right to Purchase Business Assets Upon Termination.  If this Agreement is terminated by 
either of us for any reason whatsoever, prior to its scheduled expiration, or if you at any time cease to do 
business in your Territory, then we will have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase all of the 
Business Assets, except for the Ownership Interests, in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 14.7.  Within 24 hours after this Agreement is terminated, or after you stop operating the 
Business, you must give us written notice listing the cost and asking price for each one of the Business 
Assets.  If you fail to give us notice of the cost and asking price for the Business Assets, or if we do not 
agree with your asking price, and you and we cannot agree on the price of the Business Assets, then we 
may purchase any or all of the Business Assets on the following terms: 
(a)
We may purchase any vehicles you were using in the Business (and not leased from us) 
for a price equal to the most recent NADA wholesale value of those vehicles, as published 30 
days prior to the date of termination; 
(b)
We may purchase any new or unused business inventory at the lower of your cost or 
market value, including the cost of freight; 
