2.
5.
Re-Franchise Fee. Section 3.2(f) of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
(f) 
paid us a re-franchise fee of $2,500 (the “Re-Franchise Fee”) 
(in lieu of a new Initial Fee).
6.
Initial Fee. Section 5.1(a) of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
a.
Initial Fee. You shall pay us an initial fee (the “Initial Fee”) of $7,000 
in consideration for our signing this Agreement. 
7.
Transfer Fee. Section 14.9(j) of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
(j) 
you have paid us a transfer fee of $5,000; and
8.
Equipment Packages. You must purchase the following Accompanying Equipment Packages 
from us at the discounted price below: 
Accompanying Equipment Package 
Standard Price 
Discounted Price 
Windshield Repair Leased Equipment 
$2,500 
$1,250 
You must lease the Initial Equipment Package from our Affiliate, and purchase all other 
Accompanying Equipment Packages from us, at our standard prices as we may provide to you, 
including, without limitation, the Initial Marketing Package, Windshield Repair Initial 
Purchased Equipment, Auto Glass Replacement Equipment, Van Office Package, Initial 
Software Package, and Franchise Identification Package. 
9.
NAPA Good Standing; Termination for Breach.  You represent and warrant that you, and Your 
Related Parties operating Other Businesses and the Other Businesses, to the extent applicable, are 
in good standing with, and have no outstanding payments due to NAPA under NAPA’s auto care 
program, or otherwise.  You acknowledge and agree that you shall, and shall ensure Your Related 
Parties operating Other Businesses and the Other Businesses, as applicable, shall, maintain good 
standing with NAPA throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.  If you, or Your Related 
Parties operating Other Businesses or the Other Businesses, as applicable, are not in good 
standing with NAPA at any point during the term of the Franchise Agreement, we shall have the 
right to terminate the Franchise Agreement, subject to a right to cure within 30 days of receiving 
written notice of such default.  This termination right is in addition to our other termination rights 
described in Article 15 of the Franchise Agreement.  
