- 13 - 
network or account paying us directly, in which case we will remit your portion of the 
payment to you within thirty (30) days after our receipt of the payment, provided (i) you 
are current in all your financial obligations to us and to our Affiliates, and (ii) you are 
current in all your financial obligations to all suppliers with which we have a relationship.  
If you are not current in any of these obligations, we will have the right, but not the 
obligation, to withhold an amount necessary to bring your obligations current, and we 
will then remit the balance, if any, to you.   
(b) 
When we provide an account to you,  you may be required to sign additional agreements 
relating to that account, including procedures for servicing and for receiving payments 
from the account, before you begin servicing the account.  If you fail to service the 
account, or you do not meet any conditions imposed by the account for its service 
providers, or if the account expresses dissatisfaction with your services, then in addition 
to any other rights we may have under this Agreement, we have the right to assign the 
right to service that account in your Territory to another Novus Business, including one 
owned by us or our Affiliates, or to other service providers. 
7.11
Sharing of Information.  In order to facilitate our ability to manage and improve the Business 
System, you agree that any supplier or similar provider to your Business may share with us information 
concerning the Business, at any time, at our request, including but not limited to copies of purchase 
orders, summaries of purchases and returns, and all correspondence, e-mails and other communications 
between you and the supplier.  You specifically authorize all suppliers and service providers to provide us 
such information as we may request.
7.12
Feedback. You may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, 
“Feedback”) to us with respect to the Business System.  All provision of any Feedback is voluntary.  You 
agree that we may use Feedback for any purpose without liability or compensation to you or obligation of 
any kind, and you hereby grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, 
world-wide license to use Feedback in connection with any Business System activities conducted by us, 
our franchisees, or our Affiliates. 
OPERATION OF THE BUSINESS 
8.1
You shall commence operation of the Business within ninety (90) days from the date of this 
Agreement.  Thereafter, you shall operate the Business, continuously, throughout the Term.   
TRAINING 
9.1
Initial Training.  We will provide an initial training program (the “Initial Training Program”) 
for you and one employee you designate (provided your employee takes the training at the same time you 
do).  The Initial Training program will be held at a Novus regional training center in St. Paul, Minnesota, 
or at another location we designate.  The Initial Training Program will include classroom and/or hands-on 
instruction in basic business operations, understanding the automotive industry, accounting and 
bookkeeping procedures, reporting requirements, business planning and goal setting, selling and 
marketing techniques, customer service, quality control, equipment operation and maintenance, 
conducting sales calls and presentations, and other business, financial and marketing topics we select.  If 
you are not serving as the full-time manager of the Business, the Business must at all times be under the 
supervision of a full-time manager who has completed the Initial Training Program.   
