- 21 - 
to file one or more financing statements to evidence this security interest.  This Agreement and the 
franchise granted to you under this Agreement may not be the subject of a security interest, lien, levy, 
attachment or execution by your creditors or any financial institution, except with our prior written 
approval. 
11.22
Notices of Default, Lawsuits or Other Claims.  You shall immediately deliver to us a copy of 
any notice of default you receive from any mortgagee, trustee under any deed of trust, contract for deed 
holder, lessor or any other party related to the Business and copies of all lawsuits, consumer claims, 
employee claims, federal or state administrative proceedings or investigations, and other claims, actions 
or proceedings relating to the Business.  You will provide us all additional information we request 
regarding any of those matters.
11.23
Office Equipment, Computer Hardware and Software.  You must purchase a laptop computer 
and printer for use in your Business.  We will install the necessary software and set up the computer for 
you.  You may not use this computer or printer for any purpose other than to operate the Business.  You 
must also obtain and maintain during the Term such office equipment and software as we may from time 
to time require you to use in operating the Business, including: (a) photocopy equipment; (b) a point of 
sale and accounting software package to perform customer and inventory management, data processing, 
and accounting functions; (c) computer hardware and peripheral equipment necessary to operate the point 
of sale and accounting software; and (d) the computer software necessary to provide the Products and 
Services we specify.  You will, upon written notice from us, upgrade all computer equipment and all point 
of sale and accounting software used in the Business to the standards and specifications we specify.  All 
office equipment and software must meet our standards and specifications.   
11.24
Telephone Equipment.  You must obtain and maintain during the Term such wireless 
communication devices as we may from time to time require you to use in the Business, which must meet 
the standards and specifications we specify.  During the minimum business hours we specify, incoming 
telephone calls received by the Business must either be answered live by you or an employee, or by a 
telephone service that is answered by a person who is properly trained to schedule jobs and appointments 
and take messages for the Business. 
11.25
Internet and E-Mail.  You must have high speed internet access at all times during the Term.  
You are required to obtain at least one e-mail address from us for use in the operation of the Business at 
our then-current fee.  You must use this e-mail address in the operation of the Business, and you may not 
separately establish any other e-mail addresses for the Business. However, if you wish to obtain 
additional e-mail addresses, you may purchase them from us at our then-current fee.  During the Term, we 
may also offer, at our then-current fees, other email packages, which may include additional Microsoft 
products for use in the operation of the Business.  Our fees for email addresses and packages are subject 
to increase upon notice. Except as set forth in the Operations Manual, you shall not use the word 
“Novus®” or any of the other Marks as any part of your e-mail address.  You must review your e-mail at 
least once during every business day and use reasonable efforts to respond to all e-mails from our 
employees and executives within 24 hours during business days and within 36 hours during weekends and 
holidays.. 
11.26
Home Page and Social Media.  We will establish a Home Page for the Business on a Novus 
Glass® website we designate.  You shall be responsible for providing content required by us for the Home 
Page, which may include your Business contact information, hours of operation, and Products and 
Services you offer.  At our discretion, we may require you to pay us an ongoing monthly maintenance fee 
to maintain the Home Page. Other than the Home Page, you shall not establish or maintain, or have 
established or maintained on your behalf, either alone or with others, any other digital or electronic 
medium or method of communication, including a website, home page, HTML document, Internet site, 
