- 7 - 
any action to contest the validity of our ownership of the Improvements, the Marks, the Business System, 
or the goodwill associated with the Marks or the Business System. 
4.2
Changes or Adverse Claims.  If we decide to change any of the Marks, or if there is any claim 
by any party that its rights to any or all of the Marks are superior to ours, or if there is a determination by 
a court that any party’s rights to the Marks are superior to ours, then upon written notice from us, you 
shall immediately adopt and use the changes and amendments to the Marks that we specify.  If so 
directed, you shall immediately cease using the former Mark, and shall, as soon as reasonably possible, 
begin using the new Marks or Marks we designate. 
4.3
Defense or Enforcement of Rights to Marks or Business System.  You will have no right to 
and will not defend or enforce any rights associated with the Marks or the Business System in any court 
or other proceedings for or against imitation, infringement, prior use or for any other claim or allegation.  
You must give us prompt and immediate written notice of any and all claims or complaints made against 
or associated with the Marks and the Business System and shall, without compensation for your time, 
cooperate in all respects with us in any lawsuits or other proceedings involving the Marks and the 
Business System.  We will have the sole right to conduct any litigation involving the Marks and/or the 
Business System. 
4.4
Tender of Defense.  If you are named as a defendant or party in any action involving the Marks 
or the Business System solely because the plaintiff or claimant is alleging that you do not have the right to 
use the Marks or the Business System, then you may tender the defense of the action to us and we will, at 
our expense, defend you in the action, provided that you have notified us of the action, and sent us all 
notices and pleadings you receive concerning the action, within 10 days after you receive them.  We will 
have no other liability to you for any Costs and Expenses that you incur in any litigation involving the 
Marks and the Business System. 
4.5
Your Right to Participate in Litigation.  Subject to Section 4.3, you may, at your expense and 
without any obligation on our part to reimburse you for any Costs and Expenses, retain an attorney to 
represent you individually in all litigation and court proceedings in which you are named as a defendant 
that involve the Marks or the Business System.  However, we will control all litigation involving the 
Marks and the Business System. 
FEES AND CHARGES 
5.1
Initial Fee. 
(a)
Initial Fee. You shall pay us an initial fee (the “Initial Fee”) of $10,500 in consideration 
for our signing this Agreement. 
(b)
Subsequent Franchise.  If you are an existing franchisee operating a Novus franchise in 
good standing (including current on all fees payable to us, our Affiliates, and vendors), you are 
purchasing an additional Novus franchise under this Agreement, and if the Territory will be a 
different territory than the territory in your current Novus franchise, then we will reduce the 
Initial Fee to $5,250.  
(c)
Military Service Discount. If you are an active member of the United States military at 
the time you sign this Agreement, or have been honorably discharged from the United States 
military, we will reduce the Initial Fee by $1,000.  The Initial Fee for any additional franchises 
purchased by members of the United States military will be the standard Initial Fee at the time 
you acquire an additional franchise, without any discount for its military service. 
