Novus Franchising 2 LLC
Notes to the financial statements
[In U.S. dollars]
December 31, 2024
8
Revenue recognition
The Company applies revenue recognition guidance under ASC 606 Revenue from contracts with customers.
Sales arrangements with franchising generally include a combination of royalties, vendor rebates and other
services. The Company determines whether performance obligations are distinct based on whether the customer
can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and
whether the commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other
obligations in the contract. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations under the terms of a
contract or arrangement are satisfied, which generally occurs when, or as, control of the promised products or
services is transferred to franchisees / customers. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to a customer and by allocation the
transaction price based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation.
Revenues generated from royalties charged to franchisees [monthly continuing fee from the franchisee equals to
the greater of a stated percentage of the franchisee’s gross sales and a stated minimum] are recognized and
established based on the monthly franchisees’ retail sales.
Allowances and discounts from vendors are recognized based on actual periodic purchases from these vendors
and the related contractual terms and when the consideration is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably
assured.
Contributions received from franchisees for various services consist of items such as initial fees charged to new
franchisees, the sale of promotional items to franchisees, contributions from franchisees to marketing and
administrative initiatives and other. These revenues are recognized when earned and services have been
rendered. Revenue from initial fees for the license are deferred and recognized over the related license term.
Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon delivery when all material conditions related to the sale
have been substantially performed by the Company and collectability is reasonably assured.
Advertising costs and deferred revenue
The Company expenses the costs of advertising when the advertisements are first aired or displayed. All other
advertising and promotional costs are expensed in the year incurred. Franchisees contribute to advertising funds
managed by the Company. Under the Company’s franchise agreements, contributions received from franchisees
must be spent on advertising, marketing and related activities and result in no net income being recognized by the
Company. To the extent that contributions received exceed expenditures, the excess contributions are recorded
as deferred revenue. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $1,114,487 [2023 – $629,115].
Rights
Rights consist of rights acquired from the business combination representing the exclusive area developer for the
Novus Glass franchise network in the United States of America. The Company believes these rights can be
extended for an indefinite period at no significant additional cost and as such does not amortize them.
