- 7 - 
payment of any Initial Fee or Initial Training Fee, and all provisions requiring us to provide pre-
opening services, will be excised from that agreement.  You will not, however, be entitled to any 
reduction or refund of any portion of any fees paid under this Agreement; and 
(f)
pay to us a $250 conversion fee. 
ARTICLE 4. 
LICENSING OF MARKS AND BUSINESS SYSTEM TO YOU 
4.1
Ownership of Marks. We warrant to you that we have the right to: (a) use and license the Marks 
and the Business System in the United States; and (b) grant you the right to use the Marks and the 
Business System.  If you conceive or develop any improvements or additions to the Business System, 
new trade names, trade and service marks or other commercial symbols related to your Business 
(collectively, the “Improvements”), you will fully disclose the Improvements to us without disclosure of 
the Improvements to others, and you will obtain our written approval before using such Improvements.  
Any and all Improvements that we approve will become our sole and absolute property, and may be used 
by us, you, all our other franchisees, and our Affiliates as we authorize without any liability to you or any 
obligation to pay you royalties or other compensation.  We, in our sole discretion, will have the exclusive 
right to register and protect all such Improvements in our name, and you will sign any documents we 
require to transfer or assign any Improvements to us.  Your use of the Marks, the Business System, any 
Improvements, and any goodwill arising from such use, will belong exclusively to us.  You shall not take 
any action to contest the validity of our ownership of the Improvements, the Marks, the Business System, 
or the goodwill associated with the Marks or the Business System. 
4.2
Changes or Adverse Claims.  If we decide to change any of the Marks, or if there is any claim 
by any party that its rights to any or all of the Marks are superior to ours, or if there is a determination by 
a court that any party’s rights to the Marks are superior to ours, then upon written notice from us, you 
shall immediately adopt and use the changes and amendments to the Marks that we specify.  If so 
directed, you shall immediately cease using the former Mark, and shall, as soon as reasonably possible, 
begin using the new Marks or Marks we designate. 
4.3
Defense or Enforcement of Rights to Marks or Business System.  You will have no right to 
and will not defend or enforce any rights associated with the Marks or the Business System in any court 
or other proceedings for or against imitation, infringement, prior use or for any other claim or allegation.  
You must give us prompt and immediate written notice of any and all claims or complaints made against 
or associated with the Marks and the Business System and shall, without compensation for your time, 
cooperate in all respects with us in any lawsuits or other proceedings involving the Marks and the 
Business System.  We will have the sole right to conduct any litigation involving the Marks and/or the 
Business System. 
4.4
Tender of Defense.  If you are named as a defendant or party in any action involving the Marks 
or the Business System solely because the plaintiff or claimant is alleging that you do not have the right to 
use the Marks or the Business System, then you may tender the defense of the action to us and we will, at 
our expense, defend you in the action, provided that you have notified us of the action, and sent us all 
notices and pleadings you receive concerning the action, within 10 days after you receive them.  We will 
have no other liability to you for any Costs and Expenses that you incur in any litigation involving the 
Marks and the Business System. 
4.5
Your Right to Participate in Litigation.  Subject to Section 4.3, you may, at your expense and 
without any obligation on our part to reimburse you for any Costs and Expenses, retain an attorney to 
represent you individually in all litigation and court proceedings in which you are named as a defendant 
