- 8 - 
that involve the Marks or the Business System.  However, we will control all litigation involving the 
Marks and the Business System. 
ARTICLE 5.  
FEES AND CHARGES 
5.1
Initial Fee. 
(a)
Initial Fee. You shall pay us an initial fee (the “Initial Fee”) of $10,500 in consideration 
for our signing this Agreement.   
(b)
Subsequent Franchise.  If you are an existing franchisee operating a Novus franchise in 
good standing (including current on all fees payable to us, our Affiliates, and vendors) and you 
are purchasing an additional Novus franchise under this Agreement, we shall discount the Initial 
Fee as follows: 
(i)
If the Territory will be a different territory than the territory in your current 
Novus franchise, then we will reduce the Initial Fee to $5,250; or 
(ii)
If the Territory is the same as the territory in your current Novus franchise, then 
we will waive the Initial Fee. 
(c)
Military Service Discount. If you are an active member of the United States military at 
the time you sign this Agreement, or have been honorably discharged from the United States 
military, we will reduce the Initial Fee by $1,000.  The Initial Fee for any additional franchises 
purchased by members of the United States military will be the standard Initial Fee at the time 
you acquire an additional franchise, without any discount for military service. 
(d)
Timing. The Initial Fee will be due and payable when you sign this Agreement. 
(e)
Non-Refundable. The Initial Fee will be fully earned by us at the time you sign this 
Agreement and is not refundable.   
5.2
Initial Training Fee.  You must pay us a nonrefundable training fee of $14,000 (the “Initial 
Training Fee”) for the Initial Training Program, the Initial Glass Repair Training and the Initial Glass 
Replacement Training (collectively the “Required Training Programs”) as required under ARTICLE 9 
of this Agreement.
5.3
Equipment Packages.  When you sign this Agreement, you must lease the Initial Equipment 
Package from our Affiliate, and purchase the Accompanying Equipment Packages from us.  You shall 
obtain, pay for and use in the Business, but not offer or sell, those Products and Services, including the 
Resins and Related Products and the Initial Equipment Package and Accompanying Equipment Packages, 
that we specify for use but not for sale in the Business, and at all times you shall maintain a minimum 
inventory of such Products and Services that we specify. 
5.4
Royalty Fees.
(a)
Amount Payable.  You shall pay to us during the entire Term a non-refundable monthly 
royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”) equal to the greater of: (a) the Minimum Monthly Royalty Fees 
set forth below in subsection 5.4(b); or (b) 6% of your Gross Revenues from the sale of any and 
all Products and Services you sell in or from your Business. 
