- 25 - 
required insurance, and will, upon receipt of an invoice, immediately reimburse us for the cost of 
obtaining the required insurance. All policies shall indemnify and hold harmless us and contain a waiver 
of subrogation clause, cross liability, severability of interest and be primary and non-contributory. You 
will promptly report all claims and potential claims against you or us or any of your or our Affiliates or 
other related companies to its insurers and us. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORTING 
13.1
Financial Statements.  You must give us semi-annual and annual Financial Statements for the 
Business within 90 days after: (a) the end of each semi-annual period; and (b) your fiscal year-end.  All 
Financial Statements you provide to us must be prepared using a chart of accounts and format we specify. 
13.2
Verification of Financial Statements.  If your annual or semi-annual Financial Statements are 
not prepared by an independent certified public accountant, then you (if you do not operate as an entity), 
or your senior executive officer, must certify the accuracy and completeness of the financial statements. 
13.3
Gross Revenues Report.  You must maintain an accurate written record of the daily Gross 
Revenues for the Business.  By the 10th day of each month, you must give us a signed statement of the 
Gross Revenues generated by the Business (the “Gross Revenues Report”) in the preceding month, 
using the forms we specify.  At our request and at your sole cost and expense, you agree to swear to the 
truth of such Gross Revenues Report by means of affidavit executed before a Notary Public. If you fail to 
submit any Gross Revenues Report when due, withhold our access to your accounting and financial 
systems or data, we may assess a fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100), which we have the right to increase 
by up to twenty five percent (25%) each calendar year during the Term.. 
13.4
Our Audit and Review Rights.  We have the right at any time, and without notice to Franchisee, 
to independently access, review, and audit your Financial Records for the last five fiscal years.  The 
review may be conducted by an employee of ours or by other people we designate.  If we elect to proceed 
with an audit of your Financial Records, then the audit will be conducted by an outside public accounting 
firm.  You and your accountants will make all of your Financial Records available to us for review and 
audit at the place specified in Section 20.16 for notice to you, including but not limited to providing our 
representative(s) access to your accounting and financial systems or data.  You shall also provide our 
representative(s) with adequate facilities to conduct the review and audit.  We and our representatives will 
have the right to make copies of all or any of the Financial Records and to copy and duplicate all 
Financial Records on your computer system.  You should expect to have your Financial Records reviewed 
and/or audited by us at least once every five years.  You shall at all times store and maintain the Financial 
Records in a dry, safe and secure place.  We will provide you with a written copy of the report prepared 
by the reviewer or auditor. 
13.5
Audit/Review Costs.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you have overpaid 
monthly Royalty Fees or other amounts due to us, the amount of the overpayment will be refunded to you 
within 20 days from the date of the report.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you 
underpaid us, then you shall, within 20 days of receipt of an invoice, pay us the amount of all past due 
monthly Royalty Fees and other amounts owed to us, together with late payment charges as provided for 
in this Agreement.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you underpaid the monthly 
Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12 month period, then you must reimburse us for all Costs 
and Expenses we incurred in connection with the review and audit of your Financial Records, including 
payments made to an accounting firm conducting the review or audit and the salaries and travel expenses 
incurred by our employees who were involved with or conducting the audit or review.  If we have 
someone other than an outside accounting firm review your Financial Records under Section 13.4 and the 
