5 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION.
Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold NF2 and Licensor harmless from and against any liability, 
loss, claims, damages or otherwise, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of 
or relating to any violation by Licensee of any provision of this Agreement, the use by Licensee of the 
Software or any part thereof, or any claim by any third party that Licensee’s use of the Software or part 
thereof has caused damage. 
17. 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS INDEMNITY. 
If, in Licensor’s or NF2’s opinion, the Software or any component of the Software is likely to become the 
subject of any claim that the Software infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties, then 
Licensor or NF2, as applicable, will have the right, at its option and expense, to attempt to either secure 
the right to continue using the Software, or else replace or modify the Software so that it becomes non-
infringing without materially affecting Licensee’s ability to use it. If neither of these alternatives is 
available on terms which Licensor and NF2 deems to be reasonable, then Licensee will return the 
Software to NF2 at NF2’s request, this Agreement will terminate and NF2 will have no further 
obligations to Licensee with regard to the Software.  Further, if any such claim is brought, Licensor and 
NF2 will have the sole authority (but not the obligation) to defend the case, and to control such defense 
and any related settlement negotiations.   
18. 
ASSIGNMENT. 
Licensee will not sublicense, transfer, rent or lease the Software except in connection with an assignment 
of the Novus Business pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Franchise 
Agreement, and only provided Licensee obtains NF2’s prior written consent.  If NF2 gives Licensee 
authorization to transfer this Agreement and the license granted hereunder to use the Software, the 
assignee must agree to accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement or sign NF2’s then-current 
License Agreement, at NF2’s option, and Licensee must either destroy any copy of the Software Licensee 
does not transfer or return it to NF2 upon NF2’s request.  NF2 will have the right to assign this 
Agreement or any portion of this Agreement, including without limitation, the rights to receive License 
Fee and Maintenance Fees, to a parent or affiliate company, a successor in interest, or other transferee 
upon notice to Licensee. 
19. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. 
Licensee will use the Software in compliance with, and will otherwise fully comply with, all applicable 
laws, ordinances, code, rules and regulations, whether federal, state or local, in connection with 
Licensee’s performance of this Agreement. 
20. 
DEFAULT. 
Any of the following occurrences will constitute an “Event of Default” under this Agreement: 
(a) 
Licensee fails to pay when due the License Fee, any Maintenance Fees or other charge or 
fee payable to NF2 pursuant to this Agreement; 
(b) 
Licensee breaches or is in default of any other provision of this Agreement and such 
breach or default is not corrected within 30 days, or such other period of time specified 
by applicable law, after NF2 gives Licensee written notice of breach; 
(c) 
The Franchise Agreement is terminated for any reason or expires and is not renewed; 
