- 26 - 
12.2
Garage Keepers Liability Insurance.
You must purchase and maintain garage keepers 
insurance with coverage of at least Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate insuring 
you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from and against any and all loss, liability, 
damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever, including personal injury, death, property damage, 
fire and theft caused to any customer’s vehicle in your care, custody and control as a result of fire, 
explosion, theft, vandalism, riot and civil commotion, and collision.  The garage keepers insurance 
coverage must be written on a direct primary basis and be at least greater of the following; 
a)
Full value of all vehicles under the Franchisee’s care, custody, and control; and 
b) The maximum value of the type of vehicle that Franchisee usually services. 
The amount insured must be compliant with the clause and co-insurance clause in the policy. 
12.3
Vehicle Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain from our designated insurance provider the 
following minimum levels of insurance coverage for each vehicle owned or leased or operated:  (i) 
comprehensive fire and theft coverage with a maximum deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); 
(ii) collision coverage with a maximum deductible of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000); (iii) automobile 
liability insurance with minimum limits for bodily injury, property or death of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000), insuring you and your officers, directors, agents and employees, from any and all loss, 
liability, damage, claim and expense of any kind whatsoever resulting from the use, operation or 
maintenance of the vehicle; (iv) GAP insurance covering the total loan amount. If offered, you will also 
have adequate uninsured motorist insurance coverage.  To the extent you are not required to lease the 
vehicles it uses in the operation of the Business from us, or for any other automobiles or vehicles owned 
or used by you or any of your employees (including automobiles owned or leased by any of your 
employees) in connection with the Business and not leased from us, you must purchase and maintain 
vehicle/automobile insurance coverage that meets the foregoing minimum requirements. 
12.4
Property Insurance, Fire and Extended Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain “all 
risks” property insurance coverage, which must include fire and extended coverage, vandalism and 
malicious mischief coverage, garage keepers’ coverage for the Retail Location, inventory, machinery and 
equipment you own or lease for the Business, including flood, earthquake, sewer-backup, and boiler and 
machinery coverage.  Your property insurance policy (including fire and extended coverage) must have 
coverage limits of at least “replacement” value plus any leasehold improvements or other additions, 
improvements, personal property, and equipment. 
12.5
Umbrella Liability Coverage.  You must purchase and maintain umbrella liability insurance 
with a minimum coverage amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) that will provide additional 
liability insurance coverage for any liability incurred by you in excess of the primary liability insurance 
coverage you carry under your general liability insurance, auto vehicle liability insurance, and employer’s 
liability insurance policies. 
12.6
Worker’s Compensation Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain worker’s compensation 
insurance covering your employees who are injured in the course of employment, as well as your liability 
insurance having primary limits of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease 
per employee, One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by disease in aggregate, and One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) covering bodily injury by accident. 
12.7
Environmental Liability Insurance.  You must purchase and maintain environmental liability 
insurance in an amount no less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per claim and in the annual 
aggregate covering you for garage operation and premises exploitation and activities under this 
Agreement. This insurance shall cover pollution conditions resulting from the Services furnished by you 
