Novus FDD (03/2025) 
47 
training, we do not impose any hiring restrictions on your selection of a manager.  We do not require your 
manager to have any ownership interest in your business.  Your manager and employees must agree to 
maintain the confidentiality of our confidential and proprietary information and must agree not to reverse 
engineer any proprietary technology of ours or of our affiliates.  You must have at least 1 full-time 
employee (who may be you or your manager) who spends substantially all of his or her working time either 
performing or marketing glass repair and glass replacement services.  At least half of your employees must 
have successfully completed either our initial training program or our 3-day employee technical training 
program (except that if the principal owner/operator of the franchise is an experienced master auto glass 
specialist certified by the AGSC (or other certifying organization acceptable to us) who passes our glass 
replacement test, or employs such a person who remains in your employ for 1 year, we will waive the glass 
replacement training requirement.   
Each driver of the Vehicles you use in your Novus® business must have a valid license issued by the 
appropriate governmental authority, be an authorized driver under the Vehicle Insurance you are required 
to purchase and maintain, and meet any other requirements we specify.  In addition, you and your drivers 
may not use any Vehicles:  (i) in violation of any law or to transport goods or persons for hire, (ii) for 
purposes that would cause any insurance to be suspended or cancelled, rendered inapplicable or cause the 
manufacturer's warranty to become void, (iii) outside of the United States, (iv) to race other vehicles or in 
an automobile rally, (v) to be used in an unreasonable or abusive manner, or (vi) to be used as a taxi. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You may not operate any similar or competitive business during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  
You may not use any other name, trade name, trademark or service mark other than the Marks in your 
Novus® business.  You must sell all of the products and services associated with your Novus® business that 
we require, and we may add additional product or service requirements during the term of your Franchise 
Agreement.  There are no contractual limits on our right to add product or service requirements.  You may 
not perform windshield repair or automotive glass replacement services outside of your Territory without 
our consent, at our sole discretion, and which we may revoke at any time.  If you are in compliance with 
the Franchise Agreement, and we have not seen or heard any recent significant complaints about your 
business, we will generally provide our consent to you performing services at locations that are not within 
a territory or are of primary responsibility assigned to another franchisee or company-owned location  You 
also may not resell any Novus® resin products or windshield repair equipment to others.  If you operate 
only as a Repair Only business, and you receive inquiries concerning glass replacement services, you must 
provide the name(s) and telephone number(s) of any Novus Glass® Repair and Replacement businesses in 
your Territory or any other glass replacement business that we may approve in our sole discretion.  If there 
are no Novus Repair and Replacement businesses in your Territory, then you must provide to the person 
that made the inquiry the name and telephone number of the closest Novus Glass® Repair and Replacement 
business to your Territory (or another glass replacement business that we may approve in our sole 
discretion), unless there is not any such business located within 15 miles of the outer boundaries of your 
Territory.   
If you enter into one of the NAPA Co-Location Addenda with us,  you will be permitted to offer other non-
competitive goods and/or services from the shared facility in which you operate your Novus® business, as 
well as other related businesses.  Under the applicable NAPA Co-Location Addendum, you may be 
permitted to offer windshield wipers or wiper fluid in conjunction with the other businesses. 
As further described in Item 1, if you enter into an Additional Business Addendum with us, one of your 
affiliates will be allowed to own and operate an Exempt Business and offer Exempt Business Services 
under marks other than the Marks from the Facility, which will be occupied by both your Novus® retail 
business and the Exempt Business. 
