WA 
10. Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to seek treble 
damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the franchise agreement or 
elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or similar damages are void, except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are 
represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).
11. Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related agreements 
stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable business judgment 
may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the parties to deal with each other 
in good faith.
12. Indemnification. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements requiring the 
franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or other parties is hereby 
modified such that the franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless 
the franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses or liabilities to the extent that they are caused 
by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.
13. Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a franchisee to 
reimburse the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such provision 
applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration proceeding.
14. Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount 
that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed 
$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and 
unenforceable in Washington.  
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements.  RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or 
prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor 
or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in 
the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
16. Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or 
agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have 
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or 
other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise agreement 
or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to 
regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and 
is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business of the offer or sale of 
franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to 
the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a franchise broker, 
