Novus FDD (03/2025) 
36 
(3) 
Advertising and Marketing is taught by Cameron Mitchell as part of the Glass Repair Training.  
Ms. Mitchell has extensive experience in this area, having worked in advertising and marketing for 
over 10 years. She has specifically been working in advertising and marketing with franchisors for 
the last 6 years.   
(4) 
We may substitute on-the-job training for some of this classroom training.  If we do, the additional 
on-the-job training would likely be at your retail location. 
You must have at least 1 full-time employee (who may be you or the manager) who performs glass repair 
and replacement services.  Unless you are an experienced master auto glass technician certified by the AGSC 
(or other certifying organization acceptable to us), or have a full-time employee who is so certified, and you 
or your employee passes our glass replacement test as described below, you or an employee must attend and 
successfully complete the initial glass replacement training, which will be conducted over a period of 
approximately 5 days.  All Regional Training Centers are operated by Novus or experienced Novus®
franchisees who own and operate franchises and who use a training curriculum we develop.  The purpose of 
the glass replacement training is to teach the fundamentals of glass replacement.  You will not become an 
expert in glass replacement, but you will be taught basic techniques and methods and will be provided with 
criteria for hiring experienced glass replacement installers.  We recommend you initially hire an experienced 
glass replacement installer.  In addition, the Regional Training Center will provide you with continued support 
to increase your level of expertise in glass replacement for 60 days following the training.   
We will (i) waive the initial glass replacement training requirement (but not any portion of the Initial 
Training Fee) if the principal owner/operator is an experienced master auto glass technician certified by 
the AGSC (or other certifying organization acceptable to us) who passes our glass replacement test, and 
(ii) we will provide you with a credit which you can use for product purchases.  Alternatively, we will defer 
the glass replacement training requirement (but not any portion of the Initial Training Fee) if, by the time 
you open, you employ a full-time experienced master auto glass technician certified by the AGSC (or other 
certifying organization acceptable to us) who passes our glass replacement test.  If that person stays in your 
employ full-time continuously for 1 year following the opening of your business, we will then waive the 
glass replacement training requirement and provide you with a credit which you can use for product 
purchases.  The credit will be $2,000 less a testing fee of $500 and any out-of-pocket costs we incur if we 
provide the test outside our offices. 
If you are purchasing an existing Speedy Glass business to operate as your Novus Glass® business, if you 
previously worked in the business for at least 1 year, and if we determine that you have satisfactory business 
and technical experience (including Novus Glass® Repair Training) such that you do not need all or part 
of these training programs, we may waive your obligation to attend these programs, and waive the portion 
of the Initial Training Fee that we attribute to any portion of the programs that we waive. 
You must pay salaries and fringe benefits and all costs of transportation, food and lodging for you, your 
manager, and all of your other employees who attend any of the training programs. 
The instructional materials for the initial training program are made up of our Operations Manual, our 
Original Equipment Manufacturers’ Installation Materials, and other miscellaneous supplemental materials 
we provide to you.  
After you and/or your manager have successfully completed the required initial training, we will, for your 
first Novus franchise, make a “fast start” field representative available to you in your Territory to provide 
additional training.  The training will consist of up to 2 weeks (but not consecutively) of training for a retail 
location franchise, and 1 week for a mobile franchise.  This assistance will be provided to you during the 
first 2 months after you begin operating and is designed to assist you in your initial business operations 
(see Section 9.5 of the Franchise Agreements).  In addition, at your request, we will provide additional 
