Novus FDD (03/2025) 
61 
12-month period ended December 31, 2024.  No franchisee who had opened 2 or more retail location repair 
and replacement franchises before 2024 permanently closed those franchises during 2024.  There were no 
franchisees who operated 2 retail location repair and replacement franchises during the entire 12-month 
period ended December 31, 2024, who had not, as of March 3, 2025, provided complete Gross Sales figures 
to us for the entire 12-month period. 
Gross Sales numbers are based on the combined total of both of the retail location repair and replacement 
franchises operated by each franchisee.  In addition, 2 of the 12 franchisees included in Table 4 also 
operated a total of 5 mobile repair and replacement franchises during all of 2024.  For these 2 franchisees, 
information for their mobile repair and replacement franchises was combined with information for their 
retail location repair and replacement franchises.   
The following information applies to all of the tables above: 
Gross Sales (also referred to as Gross Revenues in the Franchise Agreement) include sales/revenues from 
glass repair products and services, from glass replacement products and services, and from all other 
products and services sold in a Novus® business, excluding sales taxes and refunds.  We have not verified 
these numbers.   
Under older forms of franchise agreement, mobile repair and replacement franchisees and retail location 
repair and replacement franchisees were required to operate at least 1 vehicle and could operate up to 4 
vehicles.  Under our current forms of franchise agreement, mobile and retail location franchisees are 
required to have at least 1 vehicle, but are not restricted in the number of vehicles they may operate within 
their territories.  The franchisees included in the tables above all operate at least 1 vehicle, but no more 
than 4 vehicles. 
The sales levels, sales range and mean and median sales shown above do not include results from the 15 
franchisees who operated “Repair Only” franchises in 2024, as we do not offer a “Repair Only” franchise 
to new franchisees (in 2024, 1 “Repair Only” franchisee closed, and no “Repair Only” franchisees opened 
a new location).   
Some outlets have sold this amount.  Your individual results may differ.  There is no assurance you’ll 
sell as much.   
Note that the numbers in the tables above only represent the Gross Sales, or revenues, reported to us by 
our franchisees.  These sales figures do not reflect the cost of sales, operating expenses or other costs or 
expenses that must be deducted from the Gross Sales figures to obtain your net income or profit.  You 
should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you will incur in operating your 
Novus Glass® business.  Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in this Disclosure Document, may be one 
source for this information. 
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation contained in this Item 19 will be made 
available to prospective franchisees upon reasonable request.   
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial performance 
representations.  We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing.  If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may 
provide you with the actual results of that outlet.  If you receive any other financial performance 
information or projections of your future income, you should report it to our management by contacting 
Scott Bridges at 650 Pelham Boulevard, Suite 100, St. Paul, Minnesota 55114, telephone: (952) 944-8000, 
the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.   
