2 
specifically set forth in this Agreement.  Licensee is strictly prohibited from using the Software: (a) on 
more than one computer at the location of the Novus Business or at any location other than the Novus 
Business, (b) for any purpose other than supporting the operation of the Novus Business, or (c) after the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
6. 
LICENSE, MAINTENANCE AND OTHER FEES. 
(a) 
In consideration of the grant of this Agreement by NF2 to Licensee, Licensee will pay 
NF2 an initial license and set-up fee of $3,000 (“License Fee”), upon execution of this 
Agreement, in exchange for which NF2 will waive the first year monthly Maintenance 
Fees (as defined below) for the first basic software license granted under this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if this Agreement is executed in connection with a Re-Franchise 
of the Novus Business, then in lieu of this payment, and in lieu of this waiver, Licensee 
will pay NF2 a conversion fee of $350, upon execution of this Agreement, to convert 
Licensee to the Software identified in this Agreement; 
(b) 
In consideration of the maintenance services (collectively, the “Maintenance Services”) 
and support services (“Support Services”) provided by NF2 for the Software as defined 
under Sections 9 and 10, and in consideration of the grant of additional licenses by NF2 
to Licensee, beyond the basic license described above, of this Agreement, Licensee will 
pay NF2 the maintenance fees (“Maintenance Fees”) set out in Schedule A. The 
monthly Maintenance Fees will be payable to NF2 by monthly payments in advance on 
or before the 10th day of each month throughout the entire term of this Agreement, 
beginning the second year of this Agreement.  Any one-time Maintenance Fees will be 
due upon execution of this Agreement.  Licensee will pay all applicable sales, use, excise, 
and other taxes on the Software, except for taxes based on NF2’s net income.  Licensee 
acknowledges that the Maintenance Fees may be increased by NF2, acting reasonably, no 
more than once per calendar year during the term of this Agreement on 30 days prior 
written notice to Licensee. Where Licensee does not use designated Equipment to support 
the Software, NF2 will have no obligation to provide Support Services.  Where no 
Support Services are provided, Licensee will pay a reduced fee for Maintenance Services 
only.  Where Licensee does not use designated Equipment, NF2 may, at its sole 
discretion, offer and provide Support Services at an hourly fee or such other rate (with a 
minimum of one quarter hour) as may be set by NF2 from time to time; and 
(c) 
NF2 may release separate, optional modules and components for use with the Software.  
NF2 may charge a fee to Licensee for separate modules and components and require 
Licensee to enter into a separate agreement or an amendment of this Agreement. 
7. 
INTEREST ON PAST DUE FEES. 
Licensee will pay NF2 interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1 1/2%) per month, or the 
maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less, on any unpaid Maintenance Fees for each 
calendar month or for part of a month that any payments remain unpaid. 
8. 
TERM. 
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement, the term of this Agreement and the 
sublicense granted under this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue, until the earlier to 
occur of (i) the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement or (ii) the expiration or termination 
of the Online Services Agreement between Licensor and NF2 referenced in Section 5 above.  If the 
Franchise Agreement and Licensee re-franchises the Novus Business, Licensee will sign NF2’s then-
