Novus FDD (03/2025) 
8 
However, if you are purchasing an existing Speedy Glass business, and you have previously worked in that 
business for at least 1 year, if we determine that you have satisfactory business and technical experience 
(including Novus Glass® Repair Training) such that you do not need all or part of these training programs, 
we may waive your obligation to attend these programs, and waive the portion of these fees attributable to 
the programs we waive. 
The Initial Training Fee is $14,000.  This covers our Initial Training Program, Initial Glass Repair Training 
and Initial Glass Replacement Training.  If you sign the ProColor Amendment to your Franchise 
Agreement, you will pay us a reduced Initial Training Fee of $10,000.  If you want us to train additional 
people at the same time as we provide the Initial Glass Repair Training and Initial Glass Replacement 
Training, there is a charge for each additional person of $2,000 for the Initial Training Program, $2,000 for 
the Initial Glass Replacement Training, and $1,000 for Glass Repair Training.  If (i) your principal 
owner/operator is an experienced master auto glass technician certified by the Auto Glass Safety Council 
(“AGSC”) (or other certifying organization acceptable to us) who passes our glass replacement test, or (ii) 
you employ a full-time experienced and certified master auto glass technician who passes our glass 
replacement test, and stays in your employ full-time continually for 1 year following the opening of your 
business, then we will waive the requirement that you take the glass replacement training, and we will give 
you a credit that you can use for product purchases.  The credit will be for $2,000, less a testing fee of 
$500, and any travel and other out-of-pocket costs we incur in providing the test outside our offices. 
Vehicle 
Except as noted below and elsewhere in this Disclosure Document, as further described in Items 6 and 10, 
you must lease from us at least 1 Vehicle (defined in Item 6, note (8)) as part of the operation of your 
Novus® business.  We estimate that the initial cost to lease 1 Vehicle from us will range from $3,800 to 
$4,100.  This includes your first non-refundable payment, which includes a $100 monthly administrative 
fee and any applicable taxes (assuming taxes on the Vehicle are not required to be paid in a lump sum), 
and a $2,500 security deposit due under the “Vehicle Lease Agreement” (Exhibit E to this Disclosure 
Document), both of which must be paid to us on or before the date you take possession of the Vehicle (the 
“Vehicle Delivery Date”).  If you are located in a jurisdiction that requires taxes on the Vehicle to be paid 
in a lump sum rather than on a monthly or annual basis, you must pay the entire lump sum amount to us 
on the Vehicle Delivery Date.  If applicable, we estimate that this lump sum amount will range between $0 
to $7,560 or more depending on the applicable tax rate in your jurisdiction (assuming a $1,300 monthly 
lease payment (not including the administrative fee) and a tax rate of 10.5%).  See Item 7 for more 
information.  We will place your $2,500 security deposit in a non-interest-bearing account.  We will refund 
the security deposit to you within 30 days after the end of the term of the Vehicle Lease Agreement, 
provided there are no additional amounts owing to us, including excess wear and tear on the Vehicle.  We 
assume that you will lease only 1 Vehicle from us before you begin operation of your Novus® business.  If 
we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us, as further 
described in Items 6, 7 and 10, you will purchase or lease Vehicles from a third party for up to 3 years, 
although, in some cases, we may permit the re-leasing of Vehicles from a third party for the remainder of 
the term of the Franchise Agreement, and therefore you will not pay to us or our affiliates any initial Vehicle 
purchase or lease payments, or deposits. 
Vehicle Shipping or Delivery Fees 
You must take possession of the first Vehicle you lease from us at the location we specify.  We will attempt 
to arrange for this location to be at a dealership or other location within your market, so there are no 
shipping or delivery fees.  If that is not practical, however, and we are required to ship or have the Vehicle 
delivered to a dealership or other location within your market so you can take possession of it, you will be 
required to pay the shipping or delivery fees to us which we estimate will range from $800 to $1,700.  If 
we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us, you will purchase 
