t)
“Financial Records” means financial statements (including all balance sheets and income 
statements), computer records, bank statements, deposit records, general and special ledgers, 
sales records, work papers, accounts, federal and state tax returns, financial memos, and 
other business and financial information relating to the Business. 
u)
“Financial Statements” means a balance sheet, profit and loss statement, statement of cash 
flow and explanatory footnotes prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles applied on a consistent basis. 
v)
“Glass Repair” means automotive windshield repair Products and Services and all 
automotive and other glass repair Products and Services. 
w)
“Glass Repair and Glass Replacement Products and Services” means all glass repair 
products and services offered by the Business in connection with Glass Repair and Glass 
Replacement. 
x)
“Glass Replacement” means automotive windshield replacement and installation Products 
and Services and all automotive and other glass replacement and installation Products and 
Services. 
y)
“Gross Revenues” means the total gross dollar amount received, billed or generated by, in 
connection with, or from the Business from all cash, credit and charge sales made to your 
customers or clients for all Products and Services sold to them including all amounts from or 
relating to Glass Replacement Products and Services, Glass Repair Products and Services, 
building contract glazing Products and Services, the construction, repair, or replacement of 
any other glass products, and all other Products and Services of any kind unless we 
specifically exclude them from the definition of “Gross Revenues” in the Operations Manual 
or otherwise in writing.  “Gross Revenues” includes all sales for Products and Services as of 
the time that the Products and Services are sold to or completed for your customer or client 
so as to entitle you to payment, regardless of whether or when you receive payment.  For 
purposes of determining “Gross Revenues,” there will be no deduction for bad debts or 
doubtful accounts.  However, “Gross Revenues” will not include any sales, use or gross 
receipts tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal or governmental authority directly upon 
sales, if (a) the amount of the tax is added to the selling price and is expressly charged to the 
customer, (b) a specific record is made at the time of each sale of the amount of such tax, and 
(c) the amount of the tax is paid to the appropriate taxing authority. 
z)
“Home Page” means the home page that we establish for you on our Website. 
aa)
“Including” shall mean “including without limitation.” 
bb)
“Immediate Family” means an individual Franchisee’s (or an Owner’s) child (including the 
spouse of a child), spouse, parent, grandchild or sibling. 
cc)
“Improvements” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1 of this Agreement. “Initial 
Equipment Package” means the Glass Repair and Glass Replacement, supplies and 
products and equipment we specify that you must lease for the initial operation of the 
Business. 
dd)
“Initial Fee” has the meaning set forth in subsection 5.1(a) of this Agreement. 
