- 14 - 
9.2
Initial Glass Repair Training.  We will provide initial Glass Repair training (the “Initial Glass 
Repair Training”) for you and one employee you designate (provided your employee takes the training 
at the same time you do).  The Initial Glass Repair Training will be held in St. Paul, Minnesota, or at 
another location we designate.  It will include classroom and on the job training in Glass Repair, 
including varieties and types of windshield damage, repair capabilities, the “Novus®” system for Glass 
Repairs and related services.  The Initial Glass Repair Training will last between five and one-half and 
eight days. 
9.3
Initial Glass Replacement Training.  
(a)
We will provide initial Glass Replacement training (the “Initial Glass Replacement 
Training”) for you and one employee you designate (provided your employee takes the training at 
the same time you do).  The Initial Glass Replacement Training will be held at a Novus regional 
training center.  The Initial Glass Replacement Training will include hands-on instruction in glass 
replacement, understanding the automotive glass replacement industry, quality control, equipment 
operation and maintenance, and other topics we select. 
(b)
You hereby acknowledge that you will not become an expert in glass replacement over 
the course of the Initial Glass Replacement Training program, but will be taught basic techniques 
and methods and will be provided with criteria for hiring experienced glass replacement 
installers. The purpose of the Initial Glass Replacement Training is to teach the fundamentals of 
glass replacement and the glass replacement business. We recommend that you initially hire an 
experienced glass replacement installer.   
(c)
The Initial Glass Replacement Training must be completed within 60 days after the Initial 
Glass Repair Training; provided, however, that if for any reason this training has not been 
completed within this time period, then you must pay an additional $500 training fee for this 
Training.  The Initial Glass Replacement Training will be for a minimum of two consecutive 
weeks.   
(d)
If the principal owner/operator of the Business is an experienced Auto Glass Safety 
Council (“AGSC”) certified master auto glass technician who passes our Glass Replacement 
Test, we will waive the requirement for the Initial Glass Replacement Training, and issue you the 
AGSC Credit.  We will offer the Glass Replacement Test in your Territory, so long as you 
provide the vehicle and glass for the test, and a site at which the training can be conducted, and 
you pay our out-of-pocket costs for travel and living expenses in connection with the provision of 
this training, or you can take it at our offices.  If you are not eligible for the AGSC Credit but you 
have a full-time employee on staff at the time of the opening of the Business who is an 
experienced AGSC certified master auto glass technician who passes our Glass Replacement 
Test, we will postpone the training obligation, and if that person remains on staff for one year, we 
will waive the obligation to attend Glass Replacement Training and issue you the AGSC Credit.   
9.4
Successful Completion of Required Training.  You and your managers, and any other of your 
employees that we designate must attend and successfully complete the Initial Training Program and the 
Initial Glass Repair Training within 60 days of the date of this Agreement and before you open the 
Business or we will have the right to terminate this Agreement under the terms of Section 15.1. 
9.5
On-site Training.  If this is your first Franchise Agreement with us, within 2 months following 
the commencement of the Business, we will send a member of our training staff to the Territory to 
provide approximately 1 week of in-the-field training to you.  We will, in our sole discretion, determine 
the manner in which this training will be provided. 
