3.
your (or your affiliate’s) ProColor Collision Center franchise agreement 
expires or terminates for any reason, you (or your affiliate) assign or 
transfer the ProColor Collision Center franchise agreement to any third 
party, or ProColor Collision is no longer under common control or 
ownership with us, then you shall pay to us the Royalty Fee due under this 
Agreement for the Collision Glass Work Gross Revenues. 
5.
Initial Fee. Section 5.1(a) of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
(a)
Initial Fee. You shall pay us an initial fee (the “Initial Fee”) of 
$2,500 in consideration for our signing this Agreement. 
6.
Initial Training Fee. Section 5.2 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
5.2 Initial Training Fee. You must pay us a nonrefundable training fee of 
$10,000 (the “Initial Training Fee”) for the Initial Training Program, the 
Initial Glass Repair Training and the Initial Glass Replacement Training 
(collectively the “Required Training Programs”) as required under 
ARTICLE 9 of this Agreement. 
7.
Equipment Packages. You must purchase the following Accompanying Equipment Packages 
from us at the discounted price below: 
Accompanying Equipment Package 
Standard Price 
Discounted Price 
Windshield Repair Initial Purchased Equipment 
$3,500 
$3,000 
Windshield Repair Leased Equipment 
$2,500 
$1,500 
Initial Marketing Package 
$7,000 
$4,000 
You must lease the Initial Equipment Package from our Affiliate, and purchase all other 
Accompanying Equipment Packages from us, at our standard prices as we may provide to you, 
including, without limitation, the Auto Glass Replacement Equipment, Van Office Package, Initial 
Software Package, and Franchise Identification Package. 
8.
Cross Default. Any default or material breach by you under the Franchise Agreement or this 
Amendment shall be deemed a default and material breach by you (or your affiliate) under the 
ProColor Collision Center franchise agreement for the ProColor Collision Center operated at the 
Location. Any default or material breach by you (or your affiliate) under the ProColor Collision 
Center franchise agreement for the ProColor Collision Center operated at the Location shall be 
deemed a default and material breach by you under this Amendment and the Franchise Agreement. 
In either case, any such default or material breach shall entitle us and ProColor Collision to exercise 
any of the rights and remedies available to us under all of the foregoing agreements. 
9.
Third-Party Beneficiary. The parties agree that so long as ProColor Collision is under common 
control or ownership with us, ProColor Collision is a direct and intended third- party beneficiary 
of this Amendment, and shall be entitled to enforce the terms and conditions of this Amendment 
and to seek remedies for injunctive relief and specific performance in addition to whatever other 
