- 37 - 
18.3
Post-Term Covenant Not-to-Compete.  You agree that you, your Owners, the Personal 
Guarantors, and the members of your and their Immediate Families will not, for a period of two years 
after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, for your or their own account or as an employee, 
agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, member, or owner of any other person, firm, entity, 
partnership, company, or corporation, own, operate, lease, franchise, license, conduct, engage in, consult 
with, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any Competitive Business if that business is 
located or operated (i) in your Territory, (ii) in any territory or area of primary responsibility we grant to 
any other Novus business, or (iii) within 10 miles of any business location of any Novus® Business in the 
United States and its possessions.  You, your Owners, and the Personal Guarantors expressly agree that 
the time and geographical limitations set forth in this provision are reasonable and necessary to protect us 
and our franchisees if this Agreement expires or is terminated by either you or by us for any reason, and 
that the restriction in clause (i) is necessary to permit us the opportunity to resell and/or develop a new 
Novus glass repair and/or replacement business in your Territory to preserve the goodwill of our Marks in 
that market.  You also agree that if you, your Owners, the Personal Guarantors, or the members of your or 
their Immediate Families violate this covenant not to compete, the term of the non-compete will be 
extended for any person engaged in violating this covenant not to compete, until two years after the 
violation has ceased.
ARTICLE 19. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
19.1
Indemnification by You.  We are not responsible for Claims and/or Damages arising out of, 
from, or in connection with your operation of the Business.  You agree to indemnify us and our Affiliates 
against, and reimburse us and our Affiliates for, all Claims and/or Damages we incur in defending any 
claim brought against us or in any action in which we are named as a party arising out of, from, as a result 
of, or in connection with the Business, the Retail Location, and/or the operation of the Business, including 
Claims and/or Damages arising from: (a) any personal injury, property damage, commercial loss or 
environmental contamination resulting from any act or omission by you or your employees, agents or 
representatives; (b) any failure on your part to comply with any federal, state or local laws or regulations; 
(c) your failure to pay any of your debts or obligations; or (d) your failure to comply with any 
requirement or condition of this Agreement or any other agreement with us or our Affiliates.  We will 
have the right to defend, at your expense, any claim made against us arising as a result of or from the 
Business. 
19.2
Indemnification by Us.  We agree to indemnify you against, and to reimburse you for, any 
obligation or liability for Claims or Damages to persons other than you or your owners that is attributable 
to our agreements or representations, or that is caused by our negligent or willful action, including the 
obligation to defend any litigation brought against you that is attributable to our agreements or 
representations, or caused by our negligent or willful action.  We will have the right to participate in and 
to control any litigation or proceeding that might result in liability of or expense to you subject to 
indemnification by us.
19.3
Collection and Enforcement Costs.  You shall pay us for any and all Costs and Expenses we 
incur for the collection of past due Royalty Fees or other amounts due to us or our Affiliates.  In addition, 
you shall pay all Costs and Expenses we incur in successfully enforcing any term, condition or provision 
of this Agreement, in successfully enjoining any violation of this Agreement by you, or in successfully 
defending any lawsuit you bring against us.
