3.
10.
Shared Facility.  Section 2.5(a) of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following 
sentences to the end of the Section: 
The Business is part of a larger site (the “Facility”) at the street address specified 
as the Retail Location in Schedule “B” and it occupies that portion of the Facility 
indicated on the site plan (the “Site Plan”) attached as Appendix 2 to  this 
Addendum.  In addition to the Business, you and/or Your Related Parties operate 
those other businesses (the “Other Businesses”) (and offer the identified goods 
and services under those other businesses) at the Facility identified in Appendix 1 
attached to this Addendum.  Before you make any changes to the Facility, you 
must submit to us an updated Site Plan, which we must approve or deny, in our 
sole discretion.  Once such Site Plan has been approved by us, it shall be added to 
Appendix 2 to this Addendum as the updated Site Plan. 
11.
Mixed Local Advertising.  Section 10.3 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the 
following sentences at the end of the Section: 
You may not jointly advertise the Business with the Other Businesses at the 
Facility operated by you, or Your Related Parties, unless we expressly permit you 
to do so in writing.  If we permit you to advertise Other Businesses along with 
the Business, only 50% of the cost of such advertisements may be applied to your 
4% local advertising obligation.  We must approve any such advertisements and 
may revoke such approval in  our sole discretion at any time upon written notice 
to you. 
12.
Standards of Quality and Service.  Section 11.3 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
11.3 
Standard of Quality and Service.  We will from time to time publish 
uniform standards of quality and service for the Business System (including 
specific standards relating to Novus® franchisees that sign a NAPA Co-Location 
Addendum and operate their Novus® franchise from a shared facility with other 
businesses, like those covering the location and operation of the Novus® 
franchise, shared facility and other businesses), to protect and maintain (for our 
benefit and for the benefit of all “Novus®” franchisees) the distinction, goodwill 
and uniformity represented and symbolized by the marks and the Business 
System. You agree to comply with all such standards, which will include 
replacement of graphics, signage and equipment as necessary to comply with our 
then current standards for the Business, the Facility, and the Other Businesses.  
We also have the right to establish reasonable standards of quality and service 
specific to the Business, the Facility, and the Other Businesses, based on the 
unique characteristics of the Business, the Facility, and the Other Businesses. 
