- 22 - 
web page, online dictionary or online business profile, review and opinion web pages or sites, or blogs, 
common social networks (such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, X (formerly known as Twitter), 
Snapchat, and Pinterest); professional networks, business profiles, or online review or opinion sites (such 
as Linked-In, Google Business Profile, or Yelp); live blogging tools (such as Snapchat or X (formerly 
known as Twitter)), virtual worlds, metaverses, file, audio and video sharing sites and other similar social 
networking media or tools (each, a “Social Media Site”) related to the Marks, the Business System or the 
Business, or any Online Identifier, except with our prior written approval, which we may rescind at any 
time during the Term in our sole discretion.  You shall comply with the standards and procedures 
developed by us for the Business System, in the manner we direct in the Manual or otherwise, with regard 
to your authorization to use, and use of, any Social Media Site that in any way references the Marks or 
any Online Identifier, or involves the Business System or the Business.  You must notify us by e-mail to 
our designated e-mail account of any negative reviews or feedback related to the Business on any Social 
Media Site upon 48 hours of discovery.  You also acknowledge that we may impose prohibitions from 
time to time on your posting or blogging on Social Media of comments about us, the Marks, the Business 
System or the Business, or any Online Identifier.
11.27
Claims Referral and Marketing Programs.  From time to time, we may prescribe glass repair 
and/or glass replacement referral or marketing programs to you, whether Internet based or otherwise, 
including networks and services operated by our Affiliates that refer claims to our franchisees and other 
independent-owned glass businesses, and we may require that you participate in these programs (and sign 
all agreements and pay all fees associated with such participation), and you agree to do so.  You shall not 
establish or maintain, or have established or maintained on your behalf, either alone or with others, a 
mobile application making use of or otherwise related to the name “Novus®”, the Marks, the Business 
System or the Business, or any Online Identifier.  You shall not make use of the name “Novus®”, the 
Marks, or any Online Identifier in any keyword advertising, pay-per-click advertising or other search 
engine marketing, unless approved in writing by us prior to such use.  
11.28
Intentionally omitted. 
11.29
Competitive Market Data. You agree to participate in any industry surveys, customer surveys, 
customer experience reports or compilations of competitive market data that we may require in our sole 
discretion at your expense.
11.30
Entity Requirements Regarding Formation Documents.  If you operate as an entity, you must, 
at our request, provide us a copy of your Articles of Incorporation, Articles of Organization or other 
documents required by state law to form your entity. 
11.31
Subcontracting.  You may subcontract Glass Replacement services only (not Glass Repair 
services) if you have obtained our prior written approval, which will be granted in our sole and absolute 
discretion, and which approval may be withdrawn at any time upon 10 days written notice to you.  You 
must obtain our approval for each and every subcontractor to whom you wish to subcontract Glass 
Replacement services.  If you do subcontract any Glass Replacement services, by doing so you agree that 
any and all subcontracting will be conducted only pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and will be 
subject to any and all rules and requirements regarding subcontracting that we establish from time to time, 
including but not limited to rules and regulations contained in our Operations Manual.  In addition, you 
agree that you will be solely responsible for all invoicing and collection of payments related to any 
subcontracting of services, and you will continue to be directly responsible to us for all amounts under 
this Agreement as if you had performed such Glass Replacement services yourself.  You must have 
obtained from all approved subcontractors adequate proof of worker’s compensation insurance coverage 
in accordance with the statutory requirements of the state in which you are domiciled and in which the 
services are performed.  If at any time you subcontract Glass Replacement services for which you have 
