Novus FDD (03/2025) 
26 
having primary limits of $1,000,000 covering bodily injury by disease per employee, $1,000,000 covering 
bodily injury by disease in aggregate, and $1,000,000 covering bodily injury by accident. 
Environmental Liability Insurance. You must purchase and maintain environmental liability insurance 
in an amount no less than $1,000,000 per claim and in the annual aggregate covering you for garage 
operation and premises exploitation and activities under the Franchise Agreement. This insurance shall 
cover pollution conditions resulting from the Services furnished by you during the policy period that result 
in bodily injury or property damage, or which necessitate clean-up, remediation, or rehabilitation of 
property.
Other Insurance.  The insurance coverage set forth in this Disclosure Document only describes the 
minimum insurance we require you to obtain.  It is your obligation to determine whether it needs to carry 
other insurance, or higher levels of insurance either by law or because of the nature of your business or any 
contract you have signed.  We reserve the right to require you to obtain additional insurance coverage as 
may be specified by us from time to time. 
Our Rights.  All insurance policies we require you to obtain must name us as an additional named insured, 
and provide that we will receive copies of all notices of changes in these policies, or cancellation, 
nonrenewal, or coverage reduction or elimination, at least 30 days before any cancellation, nonrenewal, or 
change takes effect.  At least 10 days before operating the Novus® business, annually thereafter, 
immediately after changing any insurance coverage, or at any time upon our request, you must provide us 
with certificates of insurance confirming you have obtained all the insurance coverage we require.  If you 
fail or refuse to maintain the insurance coverage we require, or fail to timely provide us evidence of this 
coverage, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain the required insurance coverage.  You 
will promptly sign all applications and other documents required to obtain the required insurance, and will, 
upon receipt of an invoice, immediately reimburse us for the cost of obtaining the required insurance. All 
policies shall indemnify and hold harmless us and contain a waiver of subrogation clause, cross liability, 
severability of interest and be primary and non-contributory. You will promptly report all claims and 
potential claims against you or us or any of your or our affiliates or other related companies to its insurers 
and the Franchisor.  
The items you purchase or lease in accordance with our specifications will represent approximately 90% of 
the total purchases you will make to begin operations.  Once you begin operating, the items you purchase 
or lease that must meet our specifications will represent approximately 50% of your total annual expenses.   
As indicated in Item 5 of this Disclosure Document, there are certain items you must purchase or lease from 
us when you begin operating your Novus® business.  These items include initial training, at least 1 Vehicle 
(unless we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement that you lease Vehicles from us and sign a 
Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with you, as further described in Items 6, 7 and 10), 
your equipment packages, your initial software package, your Identification Package, an Initial Marketing 
Start-up Package, and establishment of a home page for you on our website and initial call center services.  
The costs associated with each are identified in Items 5, 6, 7 and 10. Except as otherwise noted in this 
Disclosure Document, we are the only approved suppliers of these items.  In addition, we are the only 
approved supplier for resins, and an affiliate of ours, Novus 2, is the only approved supplier for windshield 
repair bridges and certain other equipment used for windshield repair.  We reserve the right to designate 
additional products or services for which we or our affiliates may be approved suppliers, or the only 
approved suppliers.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we have designated our affiliate 
SRP as the only approved supplier of urethane adhesives, and you must purchase these urethane adhesives 
from SRP for use in your Novus® business. 
We have approved certain other suppliers of products and services to be used by our franchisees and will 
provide you with a list of these approved suppliers.  Except for the items we designate as being available 
