- 28 - 
facilities to conduct the review and audit.  We and our representatives will have the right to make copies 
of all or any of the Financial Records and to copy and duplicate all Financial Records on your computer 
system.  You should expect to have your Financial Records reviewed and/or audited by us at least once 
every five years.  You shall at all times store and maintain the Financial Records in a dry, safe and secure 
place.  We will provide you with a written copy of the report prepared by the reviewer or auditor. 
13.5
Audit/Review Costs.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you have overpaid 
monthly Royalty Fees or other amounts due to us, the amount of the overpayment will be refunded to you 
within 20 days from the date of the report.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you 
underpaid us, then you shall, within 20 days of receipt of an invoice, pay us the amount of all past due 
monthly Royalty Fees and other amounts owed to us, together with late payment charges as provided for 
in this Agreement.  If our audit or review results in a determination that you underpaid the monthly 
Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12-month period, then you must reimburse us for all Costs 
and Expenses we incurred in connection with the review and audit of your Financial Records, including 
payments made to an accounting firm conducting the review or audit and the salaries and travel expenses 
incurred by our employees who were involved with or conducting the audit or review.  If we have 
someone other than an outside accounting firm review your Financial Records under Section 13.4 and the 
review shows an underpayment of the monthly Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12-month 
period, you may contest the review and request an audit by an outside public accounting firm.  You must 
pay for the audit by the outside public accounting firm, but if the audit reveals that you did not underpay 
the monthly Royalty Fees by more than $500 during any 12-month period, then we will reimburse you for 
the cost of the audit. 
ARTICLE 14. 
TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST 
14.1
Our Right of First Refusal. You shall not Sell or Transfer any interest in or any part of the 
Business Assets to any person or entity without first offering the same price and terms to us in a written 
offer that contains all material terms and conditions of the proposed transaction (“Price and Terms”).  
This provision will not apply to (i) the Sale or Transfer of Business Assets (with the exception of this 
Agreement) by you to a bank, financial institution or other recognized commercial lender in connection 
with the financing of the leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, supplies and equipment, and/or the 
real estate and building used in the Business, (ii) a Sale or Transfer of any Ownership Interest to a 
member of your Immediate Family, (iii) the Sale or Transfer of any Ownership Interest to a Key 
Employee following your death, or (iv) a Sale or Transfer of any inventory of the Business to the extent 
the Sale or Transfer occurred in the normal course of business and is not otherwise part of a Sale or 
Transfer of any other Business Assets.  Our failure to exercise our rights under this Section 14.1 shall not 
affect our rights to consent to a transfer as set forth in Section 14.9. 
14.2
Notice of Proposed Sale.  If we request additional information concerning the Business or the 
Price and Terms, you shall immediately provide us with all other information pertaining to the Sale or 
Transfer, the Business Assets and the Price and Terms that we request.  Once we receive this information, 
we will have 15 business days to notify you that we are exercising our right of first refusal to purchase the 
Business Assets according to the Price and Terms, except that we will have the right to substitute 
equivalent cash for any non-cash consideration included in the offer.  If we waive our right of first refusal, 
then you will have the right to complete the Sale or Transfer of the Business Assets according to the Price 
and Terms, however, the Sale or Transfer must still comply with the terms and conditions of Section 14.9.  
However, if you do not complete the Sale or Transfer on the Price and Terms previously presented to us 
within 45 days after we waived our right of first refusal (either because you did not complete the sale 
within that time period, or because you changed the Price and Terms), then before you can complete a 
Sale or Transfer, you must comply again with our right of first refusal as set forth in this ARTICLE 14.  If 
