Novus FDD (03/2025) 
37 
telephone advice on business development, employee requirements, implementing the Novus® business 
system, and evaluating initial business operations during the first 60 days after you complete your training.  
(See Section 10.1 of the Franchise Agreements.) 
Before you begin operating, we will also loan to you copies of our current manuals, our Original Equipment 
Manufacturers’ Installation Materials, and opening materials, or we will provide you access to a secure 
website that contains these items (see Section 6.1 of the Franchise Agreements).  Our Auto Glass 
Replacement Manual contains 76 pages; our Auto Glass Replacement Workbook contains 75 pages; our 
Windshield Repair Manual contains 150 pages; our standard Operations Manual contains 249 pages; and 
our Brand Standards Manual contains 67 pages.  Copies of the tables of contents of these manuals are 
attached as Exhibits I-1–I-5 to this Disclosure Document.   
We provide approved opening advertising and/or promotional materials you can use for the opening of 
your Novus® business.  (See Section 10.2 of the Franchise Agreements.) 
Except as described above and below, we provide no other supervision, assistance or services to you before 
you open or during the operation of your Novus® business, including assistance in establishing prices. 
For a retail location franchise, we estimate that it will take 3 weeks to 6 months from the time you sign the 
Franchise Agreement until you open your business.  For a mobile franchise, we estimate that it will take 3 
weeks to 3 months from the time you sign the Franchise Agreement until you open your business.  In either 
case, your opening date will be affected by factors such as completing training, acquiring inventory and 
supplies, and, in the case of retail location franchises, locating and remodeling your business premises.  
11.2  Obligations of Novus During Operation of Business.
We or our affiliates will directly provide to you (a) Vehicles, except as noted below and elsewhere in this 
Disclosure Document, equipment and products that you will purchase or lease for your Novus® business, 
(b) approved training programs in glass repair and glass replacement, (c) management and selling 
techniques, and (d) a representative available by telephone to assist you in implementing our business 
system.  (See Articles 2, 7, 9, 10 and 11 of the Franchise Agreements; Vehicle Lease Agreement; 
Equipment Lease Agreement.)  As further described in Item 5, we will arrange for the delivery of Vehicles, 
equipment and products that you purchase or lease from us or our affiliates, although we will not assist 
with the installation of any items.  We will provide you with specifications relating to these items as further 
described in Item 8.  Notwithstanding the above, if we elect, in our sole discretion, to delay the requirement 
that you lease Vehicles from us and sign a Delay of Vehicle Leasing Requirement Addendum with you, 
we will not lease Vehicles to you until you sign our then-current Vehicle Lease Agreement. 
Advertising and Marketing 
You agree to pay to us Marketing Contributions equal to 2% of your Gross Revenues.  We will allocate 
these contributions to a Marketing Fund we will maintain and administer.  See Section 10.5 of the Franchise 
Agreements.  These Marketing Contributions are accounted for separately from our other funds, and are 
not used to pay any of our general operating expenses other than our cost of administering the Marketing 
Fund, including salaries and overhead in administering the Marketing Fund.  Any amounts that are not 
spent from the Marketing Fund in one year are carried forward for use in future years.  We have no other 
obligation to conduct advertising or marketing for your business.  Previously, we did not maintain a 
Marketing Fund, or collect Marketing Contributions from our franchisees, but our franchisees paid us a 
higher royalty, and we generally allocated 37.5% of the royalty we received to pay for marketing 
contributions.  For those franchisees, we will contribute those amounts to the Marketing Fund so long as 
the former contract provisions dealing with marketing expenditures remain in effect.  Novus® businesses 
that we or our affiliates operate will contribute to the Marketing Fund on the same basis as our franchisees.   
