Novus FDD (03/2025) 
51 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement and Other 
Related Agreements 
Summary 
g. “Cause” defined - 
curable defaults 
Sec. 15.1 – Franchise 
Agreements 
Sec. 19 – Vehicle Lease 
Sec. 15 – Equipment Lease 
Sec. 20 – Software Sublicense 
You will have 30 days to cure if you: fail to 
successfully complete our training program; if 
applicable, fail to purchase or lease a retail location; fail 
to open your Novus® business within 6 months; violate 
any material provision of the Franchise Agreement or 
any other agreement you or your affiliates have with us 
or our affiliates (including any other franchise 
agreement or an Area Development Agreement, but not 
including a violation of the Development Schedule of 
an Area Development Agreement); fail to conform to 
the Novus® business System; fail to pay any 
uncontested obligation to anyone; issue any check that 
is dishonored; fail to pay for items required to start your 
Novus® business; fail to file required tax returns; or are 
in breach under the Software Sublicense, except for 
payment of the License Fee.  For a franchise without a 
Repair Only Addendum, you will have 90 days to cure 
your failure to meet any of our Quarterly Minimum 
Gross Revenues thresholds.  You will have 15 days to 
cure if you are delinquent in any payments to us.  You 
will have 15 days to cure if you fail to make required 
payments, fail to repair or maintain the Vehicle as 
required, or are in default of any of the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement under the Vehicle Lease.  You 
will have 10 days to cure if you are delinquent in any 
payment under the Equipment Lease.  
Sec. 8 – ProColor Amendment The ProColor Amendment contains a cross-default 
provision under which a breach of your Franchise 
Agreement or the ProColor® franchise agreement 
constitutes a breach of the other agreement. 
Sec. 5 – Area Development 
Agreement 
You will have 30 days to cure most defaults that are 
capable of cure, including violation of any material 
provision of the Area Development Agreement or of 
any other agreement you or your affiliates have with us 
or our affiliates (including any franchise agreement)
except those discussed in the next section. 
Sec. 2(b) – TAG Network 
Participant Agreement 
You will have 10 days to cure most defaults.   
Sec. 3 – 10-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum 
Sec. 9 – 5-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum 
If you have overdue payments, or are not in good 
standing with NAPA, you will have 30 days to cure.   
