- 21 - 
11.7
Signage.  You shall purchase, install and display at the Retail Location and on your vehicles (to 
the extent not leased from us), at your expense, all such interior and exterior signs, posters, displays, 
decals, point of sale materials, and similar items as we may prescribe from time to time (and not others 
without our prior written consent) and will maintain same in a state of good repair and maintenance.  You 
must erect the building signage for the Business within 60 days of the date of this Agreement or within 15 
days of the date you acquire possession of the Retail Location, whichever is later, but in any event, before 
you begin operating the Business. If you fail to install the required signage in the month you begin 
operating your business, you must pay us an additional branding non-compliance fee of $500 per month 
on the first day of each subsequent month, until the signage has been installed. You agree not alter or 
redesign the signage without our prior written approval. 
11.8
Maintenance and Cleanliness.  You shall, at your expense, maintain the premises of the Retail 
Location, the vehicles, and the equipment and technology used in the Business in a high degree of 
cleanliness, tidiness, repair, safety and condition, and make all additions, alterations, repairs and 
replacements as may be reasonably required for that purpose or as may be required by us.  The Products 
and Services, Retail Location and vehicles (including all graphics on the vehicles), equipment, 
technology, supplies and other items you use in the Business must conform to the quality standards, 
specifications and uniformity requirements we establish from time to time. 
11.9
Participation in Warranty Programs.  You shall offer to the customers of the Business, and 
participate in, all product and service warranty programs we establish.  You shall also participate in the 
“warranty reciprocity program” and shall accept and abide by all requirements and limits on warranty 
compensation we establish.  You shall reimburse any other franchised or company-owned Novus business 
that satisfies any warranty or guaranty on work performed by you for the cost of all replacement parts and 
the labor charges we establish from time to time.  You shall submit to us written claims for warranty work 
you perform that result from Products and Services provided by other franchised or company-owned 
businesses.  We will use reasonable efforts to timely notify you if you will not be reimbursed for 
providing warranty work. 
11.10
[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 
11.11
Customer Records.  In order to comply with applicable federal and state laws, including any 
glass or other product recalls required by law, and to properly process warranty claims for customers who 
have purchased products and services from you or from other franchisees, you shall maintain complete 
and accurate records of all sales and service for all products and services sold to your customers.  You 
shall, upon written request from us, provide us with: (a) the name, address, city, state, zip code and 
telephone number for each of your customers, together with a complete description of the products and 
services purchased by the customer, including, if applicable, brand and model numbers; (b) all warranty 
cards received from your customers; (c) any other customer information we require to comply with 
applicable laws or to provide required product or service information; and (d) all other reports we require, 
including accurate records for all customer service and repair calls made by you for any Products and 
Services. 
11.12
Our Right to Review.  We or our representatives will have the right at all times, without notice 
to you, to inspect: (a) the Retail Location; (b) your vehicles; and (c) your inventory.  We also have the 
right to independently access and review your business records (including your network records) and to 
examine your operating practices to determine whether they meet our quality and service standards and to 
confirm your compliance with this Agreement.  You hereby expressly authorize all third parties that 
maintain any of your business records to give us access to them for the purposes set forth in the preceding 
sentence.  We have the right to take photographs, and make video, digital and/or audio recordings during 
any inspection we make.  We also may interview and otherwise communicate with customers of the 
