Novus FDD (03/2025) 
35 
or lease a site for your business.  If at that time you have not purchased or leased a site for the business, 
then we will have the option to either terminate your Franchise Agreement or allow you to convert to a 
franchise for a mobile business. 
We will provide an initial training program for up to 2 people.  (See Article 9 of the Franchise Agreements.)  
(If you want to send additional people to the training program, you may do so at an additional cost.  See 
Item 5 for additional information.)  Either you or your manager must attend and successfully complete the 
training to our satisfaction within 60 days after your sign the Franchise Agreement, and before you begin 
operating your Novus® business.  However, you may defer the glass replacement training until after you 
open your business, so long as it is taken within 60 days after you complete the glass repair training.  The 
initial training covers business and operational methods, promotional techniques, glass repair, glass 
replacement, other services, service techniques, and related methods of developing your business, and is 
designed to assist you in beginning the operations for your Novus® franchise.   
We offer the initial training sessions every month, or as frequently as is necessary to train new franchisees 
before they open their business.  You must pay all costs of transportation, food and lodging for the people 
who attend the training on your behalf, but we may furnish some meals.  The following table summarizes 
the initial training we provided as of December 31, 2024: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of on the 
Job Training 
Location 
(Note 1) 
Business Operations(2)
4
0
Online 
Sales Skills Training(2)
4
0
Online 
Business Management(2)
4
0
Online
Advertising and 
Marketing(3)
18-22  
0 
Online and Webinar 
Glass Repair Training(2)
20-22
2-4 
Our office in St. Paul, Minnesota
Glass Replacement 
Training(2)(4) 
6-10  
54-58  
Regional Training Centers: (Concord, 
California, Atmore, Alabama, 
Newton, Iowa, or Longmont, 
Colorado) or our office in St. Paul, 
Minnesota
Customer Service Training(2)
6 (+4 online) 
6 
Regional Training Centers: (Concord, 
California, Atmore, Alabama, 
Newton, Iowa, or Longmont, 
Colorado) or our office in St. Paul, 
Minnesota
(1) 
We may designate another location for any of our training programs at any time.  We also may 
elect, in our sole discretion, to offer all or a portion of any of our training programs 
electronically/virtually, including classroom training. 
(2) 
Gary Neves and Andrew Kwang provide all of this training.  Mr. Neves has over 30 years’ 
experience in glass replacement and has been a Novus® franchisee since 2014.  Mr. Kwang has 
been a successful Novus® franchisee for nearly 5 years and has expanded his operation from 1 to 3 
large locations in that time. He is also a President’s Circle winner. 
