2 
Quarter 3.  Franchisor shall have the right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine how to 
allocate any Quarterly Credit among Franchisee and its Related Entities. 
MSO Royalty Credit Program Quarterly Schedule  
Combined Retail Location 
Quarterly Gross Revenue* 
Quarterly Credit 
$425,000.00 to $499,999.99 
1% of Gross Revenues 
$500,000.00 to $574,999.99 
1.5% of Gross Revenues 
$575,000.00 or more 
2% of Gross Revenues 
3.
Requirements.  To qualify for a Quarterly Credit, Franchisee and its Related Entities must meet all of 
the following requirements during any Quarter: 
a)
Franchisee and its Related Entities must operate at least two (2) Retail Locations at all times 
during the Quarter. 
b) Franchisee and its Related Entities must achieve Combined Retail Location Quarterly Gross 
Revenue within one of the ranges provided in the MSO Royalty Credit Program Quarterly 
Schedule; 
c)
Franchisee and its Related Entities must not be in breach of any of the provisions of any of 
the Franchise Agreements during the Quarter, whether or not Franchisor has provided 
Franchisee or its Related Entity, as applicable, with notice of such breach, including without 
limitation the failure to submit timely payments and reports, or failure to exclusively 
purchase Novus products for all services performed under the Franchise Agreements;  
d) Franchisee and its Related Entities must have attended the most recent previously held 
national, regional, or local meeting ; and 
e)
Any other requirements specified from time to time by Franchisor which are applicable to all 
Retail Locations. 
4.
Right to Modify or Discontinue MSO Royalty Credit Program.  Franchisor reserves the right, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, to modify any term of the MSO Royalty Credit Program, or to 
discontinue the MSO Royalty Credit Program, at any time, including but not limited to amending the 
Combined Retail Location Quarterly Gross Revenue targets and ranges, the Quarterly Credit 
amounts, or any other requirements to qualify for the MSO Royalty Credit Program.  Franchisor shall 
provide notice to Franchisee of any such modification or discontinuance of the MSO Royalty Credit 
Program.  Notwithstanding the forgoing, any modification or discontinuance of the MSO Royalty 
Credit Program made in a Quarter shall not apply to that Quarter, but to the immediately following 
Quarter. 
5.
Termination.  This Addendum will automatically terminate if Franchisee and its Related Entities 
cease to have two (2) or more Retail Locations.  In addition, if Franchisor discontinues the MSO 
Royalty Credit Program during a particular Quarter, this Addendum will terminate at the end of that 
Quarter, although Franchisor will still apply any Quarterly Credit due to Franchisee and its Related 
Entities for that Quarter to Royalty Fees due to Franchisor for the immediately following Quarter. 
6.
Ratification; Definitions.  Except as specifically amended by this Addendum, Franchisee and 
Franchisor each hereby ratify and reaffirm their respective obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement.  All capitalized terms in this Addendum not specifically defined herein will have the 
same meaning as provided for in the Franchise Agreement.   
