Novus FDD (03/2025) 
54 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement and Other 
Related Agreements 
Summary 
1. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
Sec. 14.9 – Franchise 
Agreements  
We have the right to approve any transfer made by you 
but will not unreasonably withhold our consent.   
Sec. 7B – Area Development 
Agreement 
You must also transfer all Franchise Agreements you 
have signed with us to the same transferee. 
Sec. 23 – Vehicle Lease 
You may not transfer, rent, or assign any Vehicle Lease, 
Vehicle or your right to use any Vehicle. 
Sec. 19 – Equipment Lease 
Sec. 18 – Software Sublicense 
We have the right to approve any transfer of the 
Equipment Lease and the Software Sublicense. 
Sec. 16 – 10-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum 
Sec. 22 – 5-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum
We have the right to approve any transfer of the other 
businesses at the facility. 
m. Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Sec. 14.9 – Franchise 
Agreements 
You pay all money you owe us; complete a written 
agreement satisfactory to us; transferee’s shareholders 
agree to be personally bound to the Franchise 
Agreement; transferee meets our standards; transferee 
may not be involved in a competing business; transferee 
signs our current Franchise Agreement; transferee 
completes training program; you pay the transfer fee
and your transferee must pay a training fee if they are 
not an existing Novus® franchise; you sign a general 
release of all claims (subject to applicable law).   
Sec. 7B – Area Development 
Agreement 
You must also transfer all Franchise Agreements you 
have signed with us to the same transferee. 
Sec. 19 – Equipment Lease 
You must have our prior written consent to the transfer 
of the Equipment Lease.   
Sec. 18 – Software Sublicense You must have our prior written consent to transfer the 
Software Sublicense, you must destroy or return all 
copies of the Software you do not transfer, and the 
assignee must sign a current Software Sublicense or 
agree to the terms of your Software Sublicense. 
Sec. 16 – 10-Year  NAPA Co-
Location Addendum 
Sec. 22 – 5-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum
Submit information regarding the proposed transferee. 
