Novus FDD (03/2025) 
52 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement and Other 
Related Agreements 
Summary 
h. “Cause” defined - non-
curable defaults  
Sec. 15.2 – Franchise 
Agreements 
Sec. 5 – Area Development 
Agreement 
Sec. 19 – Vehicle Lease 
Sec. 15 – Equipment Lease  
Sec. 20 – Software Sublicense 
If you are convicted of violating any law relating to your 
business or a felony; you are determined to be insolvent 
or are subject or voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy 
proceedings; you make an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; you abandon your business; your conduct 
materially impairs our Marks or Business System and 
you fail to correct that conduct within 24 hours of 
written notice; one of your Franchise Agreements or 
your Area Development Agreement with us is 
terminated; if you have a Repair Only Addendum and 
you fail to meet the Annual Minimum Gross Revenues, 
or if you fail to comply with our request for an audit, or 
withhold access to your accounting and financial 
systems or data, revoke any electronic funds transfer or 
direct debt authorization granted to us, or initiate any 
stop payments against us.  Under the Vehicle Lease, you 
will not have the right to cure if you provide false or 
misleading information to us, become insolvent or file 
for bankruptcy, unauthorized transfer, sublease, rental 
or assignment of Vehicle Lease or Vehicle, or Vehicle 
is lost, stolen, destroyed or determined to be unsuitable 
for use.  Under the Equipment Lease, you will not have 
the right to cure if you are insolvent or bankrupt, or if 
your Franchise Agreement is terminated.  Under the 
Software Sublicense, you will have no right to cure if 
you are delinquent in payment of the License Fee, 
Maintenance Fee or other fee, you are insolvent or 
bankrupt, or if you are in breach of your Franchise 
Agreement and do not cure the breach, or if the 
agreement is terminated. 
Sec. 5 – Area Development 
Agreement 
Your insolvency, any property of yours is levied 
against, you fail to timely meet your development 
obligations, one of your Franchise Agreements with us 
is terminated, or you open any Novus® business before 
signing a Franchise Agreement with us for that 
business. 
Sec. 2(b) – TAG Network 
Participant Agreement 
If you dissolve, lose your franchise, abandon the 
business, are suspected of fraud or willful misconduct 
or negligence. 
Sec. 16 – 10-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum 
Sec. 22 – 5-Year NAPA Co-
Location Addendum  
If you transfer any of the other businesses that operate 
at the facility to an owner we do not approve. 
