- 36 - 
agrees to accept appointment as mediator, the organization will be directed to schedule the 
mediation proceeding at a time mutually convenient to both of us.  The mediation will be held 
within thirty (30) days following receipt by the mediation organization of notification that its 
services are being retained.  If You and we cannot agree on a date for mediation, then the 
mediation organization will select a date it believes is reasonable, given all of the alleged 
conflicts and dates.   
(b)
The actual mediator must be a person who has had at least ten (10) years of experience as 
either franchisee or franchisor (or is an officer of such an entity) or in franchise law. 
(c)
You and we will equally share the cost of the mediator.   
(d)
The mediator will select the location of the mediation, but unless You and we otherwise 
agree, the mediation will be held in a metropolitan area of not less than two hundred fifty 
thousand (250,000) persons and located at least two hundred (200) miles from either Your or our 
principal offices.   
(e)
If either of us initiates litigation without complying with the obligation to mediate in 
accordance with this Section 20.2 (unless the other party has failed to respond on a timely basis or 
has indicated it will not engage in mediation in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
20.2), then upon petition of any party named as a defendant in such litigation, the court shall 
dismiss the action without prejudice upon motion of the defendant, and award attorneys’ fees and 
costs to the party seeking dismissal in an amount equal to such party’s attorneys’ fees and costs 
incurred in seeking dismissal.  If the court refuses for any reason to dismiss the action, then 
regardless of the outcome of the action, or of any award given by the court in the action, the party 
initiating the action will be responsible for all attorneys’ fees and costs incurred throughout the 
action by the other party as damages for failing to comply with the provisions of this Section 
20.2. 
20.3
Waiver of Punitive Damages.  Each of us (and your Owners and Personal Guarantors) agree to 
waive, in the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to, or claim for, any punitive or exemplary 
damages against each other and against our respective Affiliates, employees or agents, and agree that in 
the event of a dispute between us, each of us will be limited to the recovery of any actual damages we 
sustain, and/or to injunctive relief, as permitted by the court. 
20.4
Severability.  All provisions of this Agreement, including those relating to covenants not to 
compete, are severable, and this Agreement will be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or 
unenforceable provisions were not included in this Agreement, and partially valid and enforceable 
provisions will be enforced to the extent valid and enforceable.  If any applicable law or rule of any 
jurisdiction requires a greater prior notice of the termination of this Agreement than is required in this 
Agreement or the taking of some other action not required in this Agreement, or if under any applicable 
law or rule of any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any of our specifications, standards or 
operating procedures are invalid or unenforceable, then the period of notice or other action required by 
that law or rule will be substituted for the notice requirements in this Agreement, or the invalid or 
unenforceable provision, specification, standard or operating procedure will be modified to the extent, but 
only to the extent, required to be valid and enforceable.
20.5
Waiver of Obligations.  Neither you nor we will be considered to have waived any obligation of 
or restriction on the other person unless the waiver is in writing and signed by each of us.  Our acceptance 
of any payment by you, or our failure, refusal or neglect to exercise any right under this Agreement or to 
insist on full compliance by you of your obligations under this Agreement, including any mandatory 
specification, standard or operating procedure, will not be considered a waiver by us of any provision of 
