- 10 - 
those provisions.  You acknowledge that the Operations Manual is designed to protect our standards and 
systems, and the Marks, and not for the purpose of controlling the day-to-day operation of the Business. 
6.2
Revisions to Operations Manual.  We reserve the right to revise the Operations Manual at any 
time.  You shall conform the Business to all changes and modifications we make to the Operations 
Manual, including the addition of new Products and Services, within a reasonable time as we determine in 
our sole discretion.  You shall at all times keep the Operations Manual current and up-to-date, and in the 
event of any dispute, the terms of the master copy of the Operations Manual we maintain, as amended 
from time to time, will be controlling in all respects.  If we publish the Operations Manual on a Secure 
Website, then the Operations Manual as published will be the master copy and we will not be required to 
update any hard copy in your possession. 
6.3
Confidentiality.  
(a)
You acknowledge that the Operations Manual, information regarding the Business 
System, and all other Confidential Information has been disclosed in the strictest of confidence to 
you and, accordingly, you shall not, during or after the Term, communicate, disclose, copy, 
duplicate, reproduce, reverse engineer or use for the benefit of, any person or entity any such 
Confidential Information, trade secrets, knowledge or know-how concerning the methods of 
operation which we communicate to you, or that relate to the operation of the Business, including 
any Confidential Information, trade secrets, knowledge or know-how published on a Secure 
Website.  You will disclose such Confidential Information only to your employees who need such 
access to operate the Business and have signed a confidentiality agreement in our approved form.  
Any and all information, knowledge and know-how including drawings, products, processes, 
trade secrets, formulas, photographs and visual displays of products or processes, including video 
tapes, CD-ROM, digital recordings, and digitally stored materials, brochures, marketing 
materials, equipment, technology, methods, procedures, specifications, techniques, teaching 
methods, computer software programs, systems and other data that we copyright or designate as 
confidential or proprietary will be deemed confidential and proprietary for the purposes of this 
Agreement, including the reverse engineering of proprietary Novus® Resins and Related 
Products. 
(b)
For the avoidance of doubt, you shall not use Confidential Information for the purpose of 
machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence 
model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities (collectively, “AI”) without 
our express written consent.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of this 
Agreement or operating the Business and are expressly prohibited.  Further, you shall not, 
without our prior written consent, input any Confidential Information into any generative AI 
platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You 
shall opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize Confidential 
Information for training of any AI model or for other purposes.   
6.4
Exclusive Property.  All materials, methods and systems relating to the Business System, 
including the Operations Manual, photographs and visual displays of products and processes, any 
Feedback you provide, and all other Confidential Information of ours, and any and all future 
developments including Improvements by you of such materials, are and will be our sole and exclusive 
property, and you hereby assign to us any and all future development by you of such materials, including 
all goodwill associated with such developments.  All of the information we or our Affiliates obtain about 
the Business and all information in your records or ours concerning the customers of your Business, and 
all revenues we derive from this information, will also be our sole and exclusive property. You 
acknowledge that you have no rights in any of this property, except the right to use that property under 
