3 
terms and conditions of that Franchise Agreement control the establishment and operation of the 
Novus Business required to be operated thereunder, and except as specifically set forth in this 
Agreement, the establishment and operation of each Novus Business must be in accordance with 
the terms of the applicable Franchise Agreement. 
C. 
For each of the Novus Businesses you open, you will have the option of opening either a 
business operated from a fixed location, or a business operated as a mobile business, and you will sign 
our then-current form of franchise agreement for the type of business you select; provided, however, that 
(i) one of the first two (2) Franchise Agreements you sign for a Novus Business in the Development 
Territory must be for a business operating from a Retail Location, and (ii) if this Agreement allows you to 
operate more than five (5) Novus Businesses, then by the time you have signed your sixth Franchise 
Agreement hereunder, at least two (2) of those Franchise Agreements must be for Retail Locations, and 
you must thereafter continually operate Novus Glass businesses from at least two (2) Retail Locations in 
the Development Territory.  
4. 
Term.  Unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 5 of this Agreement, the 
term of this Agreement and all rights granted to you will expire ten (10) years following the Effective 
Date. 
5. 
Default and Termination.  You will be deemed in default under this Agreement if you 
breach any of the terms of this Agreement or if you or any affiliate of yours breaches any of the terms of 
any Franchise Agreement or any other agreement that you or your affiliates have with us or our affiliates.  
For purposes of this Agreement, an “affiliate” of any person will be any person or entity that controls that 
person, is under the control of that person, or is under common control with that person.  All rights 
granted in this Agreement immediately terminate upon written notice without opportunity to cure if:  
(i) you become insolvent, commit any affirmative action of insolvency or file any action or petition of 
insolvency, (ii) a receiver (permanent or temporary) of your property is appointed by a court of competent 
authority, (iii) you make a general assignment or other similar arrangement for the benefit of your 
creditors, (iv) a final judgment against you remains unsatisfied of record for thirty (30) days or longer, 
(v) execution is levied against your business or property, or the business or property of any of your 
affiliates that have entered into Franchise Agreements with us, (vi) a suit to foreclose any lien or 
mortgage against premises or equipment associated with a Novus Business is instituted against you and 
not dismissed within thirty (30) days, or is not in the process of being dismissed, (vii) you fail to timely 
meet your development obligations set forth in the Development Schedule, (viii) you or any of your 
affiliates open any Novus Business before that person or entity has signed a Franchise Agreement with us 
for that business in the form we provide, (ix) you transfer or assign or purport to transfer or assign this 
Agreement or your interest in this Agreement without our consent, (x) you fail to comply with any other 
provision of this Agreement, or your or any of your affiliates fail to comply with any other agreement you 
or they have with us or with our affiliates, including any Franchise Agreement, and do not correct the 
failure within thirty (30) days after written notice of that failure is delivered to the breaching party (except 
that if the failure to comply is the third failure to comply with any provision of any agreement that you or 
any of your affiliates have with us or an affiliate of ours within twelve (12) consecutive months, then we 
need not provide any opportunity to cure the default), or (xi) we have delivered to you or any of your 
affiliates a notice of termination of a Franchise Agreement in accordance with its terms and conditions. 
6. 
Rights and Duties of Parties Upon Termination or Expiration.  Upon termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted to you will automatically terminate, and: 
A. 
All remaining rights granted to you to develop Novus Businesses under this Agreement 
will automatically be revoked and will be null and void.  You will not be entitled to any refund of any 
fees. 
