SCHEDULE “A” 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
a)
“Abandon” means any action or inaction on your part that suggests your willingness, desire 
or intent to discontinue operating the Business under the quality standards, uniformity 
requirements and the Business System as set forth in this Agreement and the Operations 
Manual, including your failure to operate the Business for seven consecutive days without 
our prior written consent. 
b)
“Accompanying Equipment Packages” means the glass repair tools, supplies and 
equipment, apart from the Initial Equipment Package, that you must purchase from us or 
from Approved Suppliers for the initial operation of the Business. 
c)
“Administrative Expenses” means all overhead, including salaries for executives, in-house 
legal counsel, and employees, fringe benefits, commissions, attorneys’ fees, accountants’ 
fees, transportation costs, travel expenses, food and lodging, training costs, supplies, 
marketing costs, long distance telephone calls, and all other overhead expenses. 
d)
“Affiliate” means any business entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with Franchisor. 
e)
“AGSC” has the meanings set forth in Section 9.3(d) of this Agreement. 
f)
“AGSC Credit” is a credit in an amount equal to $3,250, less any travel and other out-of-
pocket costs we incur if you want us to provide the Glass Replacement Test outside of our 
offices, which may be used for product purchases.   
g)
“AI” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(b) of this Agreement. 
h)
“ANSI/AGSC Standards” means the ANSI/AGRSS 002-2002 Automotive Glass 
Replacement Safety Standard or subsequent standard established by the Auto Glass Safety 
Council and the American National Standards Institute. 
i)
“Applicable Law” means federal, state, city, local and municipal laws, ordinances, rules and 
regulations pertaining to the operation of the Business, including all health and safety laws 
and regulations, all driving and vehicle laws, all environmental laws, and all employment 
laws. 
j)
“Approved Suppliers” means those suppliers and distributors that we approve in writing to 
supply certain Products and Services we specify in the Operations Manual and will include 
those suppliers and distributors we approve at your request. 
k)
“Business” means the business we license to you under this Agreement. 
l)
“Business Assets” means (i) the Business, (ii) this Agreement, (iii) any leases for vehicles, 
(iv) the vehicles (not leased from us), supplies, equipment and all other assets used in or by 
the Business; (v) any Ownership Interests in the Business, and (vi) all of the other contracts 
and agreements you have in connection with the operation of the Business. 
