advance notice, except that we will give you at least 
fifteen (15) days following notice to cure Defaults a), 
e) and h) above (with the understanding this cure 
period and any applicable cure period under the 
Franchise Agreement will run concurrently) and 
provide any other notice which may be required by 
applicable law: a) take any reasonable measures 
designed to either correct the Default or to save us 
from loss, in which case you will pay upon request for 
the cost and expenses incurred, and we are hereby 
appointed as your lawful attorney to take any such 
action in your name; b) terminate this Lease and your 
rights to possess and use the Vehicle; c) take 
possession of the Vehicle, together with the Vehicle 
registration permit, by any method or manner, without 
demand, notice, or legal proceeding, and enter on any 
premises of you or any other person for such 
purpose; d) require you to pay to us the termination 
value which is calculated as the present value of all 
payments due, past due, or to become due, together 
with the estimated value of the Vehicle at the end of 
the term of this Lease as determined by us acting 
reasonably, all discounted from when they are due at 
a discount rate of two percent (2%) per annum, plus 
any late payment fees due (in accordance with 
section 10) on overdue payments, which you agree to 
pay immediately upon request; e) apply your security 
deposit to any amounts you owe; f) pursue any other 
remedy permitted by law or in equity; and/or 
g) declare this Lease to be in Default (with or without 
terminating this Lease) whereupon all your obligations 
under this shall be immediately due, payable, and 
enforceable 
without 
any 
notice 
or 
demand 
whatsoever. You also agree to pay us for all 
collections and legal costs relating in any way to such 
Default, including reasonable legal fees and court 
costs incurred to the extent permitted by law. Further, 
you shall pay all other amounts due under this Lease 
that would have been payable, including excess wear 
and tear. All amounts not paid on these due dates will 
be subject to late payment and other charges set out 
in section 10. 
20. 
WAIVER 
The failure by us to insist on the performance of any 
of the requirements of this Lease or a waiver by us of 
any Default shall not be a waiver of any term or 
condition of this Lease and shall not preclude us from 
action regarding any subsequent Defaults. 
21. 
FINES, LIENS, AND ENCUMBRANCES 
You agree to keep the Vehicle free of all fines, liens, 
and encumbrances. If you do not promptly pay any 
fines or remove any liens or encumbrances at your 
expense, we may do so and you will be charged for 
the same, plus an administrative fee of fifteen percent 
(15%) of such amount and such amount shall be 
considered rent under this Lease. 
22. 
OWNERSHIP 
You specifically agree that we and Head Lessor are 
the owners of the Vehicle for all purposes and we 
retain all benefits of ownership. You agree that your 
property rights in the Vehicle are limited to rights of 
possession and use to the extent detailed by this 
Lease. 
23. 
ASSIGNMENT 
You agree not to transfer, rent, or assign this Lease, 
the Vehicle or your right to use the Vehicle. You 
understand this Lease may be assigned to a related 
or third party (“Assignee”), without your consent, 
either wholly or as security for the obligations and you 
agree to make all payments under this Lease to such 
party upon request. You acknowledge that any such 
Assignee or Head Lessor is not responsible for 
performance of any dealer or manufacturer service, 
repairs, or other duties under this Lease, including 
insuring the Vehicle, nor shall you assert against such 
parties any claims, demands, or causes of action of 
any nature, or rights of counterclaim, reduction, or 
setoff which you may have against us. 
24. 
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
You agree to indemnify us and Head Lessor, and 
each of our respective affiliates, successors and 
assigns, including any Assignee, and all of our of our 
respective officers, directors, employees and agents 
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) against, and 
reimburse the Indemnified Parties for, all Claims 
and/or Damages (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement) the Indemnified Parties incur in defending 
any claim brought against any of the Indemnified 
Parties or in any action in which any of the 
Indemnified Parties are named as a party arising out 
of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the use, 
maintenance, ownership, operation, and condition of 
the Vehicle, and this Lease. Each of the Indemnified 
Parties will have the right to defend, at your expense, 
any such claim brought against it. You also agree that 
your obligation under this section 24 shall survive 
termination of this Lease and repossession and sale 
of the Vehicle. Without restricting the generality of the 
above, this indemnity includes any claim against the 
Indemnified Parties because of an alleged defect in 
the Vehicle brought under the doctrine of strict 
liability. 
25. 
SECURITY INTEREST 
You assign to and give us a security interest in the 
proceeds, cancellation refund, or other rights you may 
have under any mechanical breakdown protection 
service or insurance contracts you purchase with 
respect to this Lease and provide to us a security 
interest in the leased Vehicle as security for the 
performance of your obligations under this Lease. 
You authorize us to file one or more financing 
statements to evidence this security interest, and 
agree to sign all necessary financing statements and 
other documents to evidence this security interest.  
This Lease and the leased Vehicle may not be the 
subject of any other security interest, lien, levy, 
attachment or execution by your creditors or any 
financial institution. 
26. 
SEVERABILITY 
