- 41 - 
20.13
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes and terminates all prior agreements, either oral 
or in writing, between you and us involving this franchise relationship.  All representations alleged by 
either you or by us that are not contained in this Agreement or in our Franchise Disclosure Document 
delivered to you prior to your execution of this Agreement will not be enforceable.  This Agreement is the 
entire agreement between us, and there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between 
us relating to the subject matter of this Agreement except those agreements and contracts, if any, that are 
signed by each of us concurrently with this Agreement; provided, however, nothing in this Agreement or 
any related agreement is intended to disclaim any representations made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document you acknowledge having received at least 14 calendar days prior to the execution of this 
Agreement. 
20.14
Joint and Several Liability.  If more than one person is listed as the Franchisee in this 
Agreement, then the liability of all those people will be joint and several.
20.15
No Oral Modification.  No modification, change, addition, rescission, release, amendment or 
waiver of this Agreement and no approval, consent or authorization required by any provision of this 
Agreement may be made except by a written agreement signed by duly authorized officers of the party 
that is alleged to have given the modification, change, rescission, release, amendment, waiver, approval, 
consent or authorization.  Neither of us has the right to amend or modify this Agreement orally or 
verbally, and any attempt to do so will be void. 
20.16
Notices.  All notices to us must be in writing, must comply with applicable law, and must be 
addressed to: 
 
General Manager 
Novus Franchising 2 LLC 
650 Pelham Boulevard, Suite 100 
St. Paul, MN 55114 
with copy (which will not be considered official notice) to: 
Mondofix Inc. 
99 Émilien Marcoux, Suite 101 
Blainville, Quebec, J7C 0B4 Canada 
All notices to you must be in writing and addressed to you at the address set forth on the cover page of 
this Agreement, or such other address as you designate in writing.  Unless provided to the contrary by 
applicable law, all notices under this Agreement must be delivered by (a) personal service, (b) prepaid 
certified United States Mail, return receipt requested, (c) by a recognized overnight delivery service (e.g.,
Federal Express, United States Express Mail or United Parcel Service (UPS)) or (d) by facsimile 
transmission.  Notice by mail will be effective on the third day after it is deposited in the mail, notice by 
personal service will be effective when delivered by hand, notice by overnight delivery service will be 
effective on the next business day after sent, and notice by facsimile will be effective when confirmation 
is received at the point of transmission. 
20.17
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts, each of 
which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same 
Agreement. The parties will be entitled to rely upon delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed 
electronic copy of this Agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic copy will be legally 
effective to create a valid and binding agreement between the parties. 
