- 29 - 
we waive our right of first refusal or reject your written offer to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets, that 
will not change your obligations to us, or relieve you of your obligations under this Agreement, and the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.   
14.3
Administrative Expenses.  If you notify us of your intent to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets 
and we state our interest in acquiring the Business Assets under Section 14.2 above, and if you 
subsequently determine not to Sell or Transfer the Business Assets, then you must reimburse us for all 
Administrative Expenses we incurred in evaluating the proposed transaction and attempting to acquire the 
Business Assets. 
14.4
Transfer of Ownership Interest by Franchisee’s Owners.  You acknowledge that an 
Ownership Interest is included within the definition of Business Assets, and therefore no Ownership 
Interest may be sold without first complying with the provisions of this ARTICLE 14.  However, each of 
your Owners may Sell or Transfer their Ownership Interest to: (i) members of his or her Immediate 
Family; (ii) any trust established for the members of his or her Immediate Family during his or her 
lifetime or upon death; or (iii) a Key Employee of yours upon death, without first offering it to us.  The 
Owner must still give us 10 days prior written notice of any proposed Sale or Transfer.  The transferee 
owner must agree to personally guarantee this Agreement.  Each proposed transferee owner who will be 
involved in the operation or management of the Business must also successfully complete the Required 
Training Programs.  All Ownership Interests you issue to your Owners must bear the following legend: 
“The Ownership Interest represented by this certificate is subject to a written Franchise 
Agreement which grants Novus Franchising 2 LLC the right of first refusal to purchase the 
Ownership Interest from the Owner.  Any person acquiring the Ownership Interest represented by 
this certificate will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement which 
includes provisions containing covenants not to compete that apply to all Owners.” 
14.5
Selling Owners Subject to Covenant Not to Compete.  Any Owner that Sells or Transfers any 
Ownership Interest in the Franchisee will be subject to the provisions of Section 18.3 of this Agreement 
after the Sale or Transfer. 
14.6
Our Right to Purchase Business Assets Upon Expiration. If this Agreement expires at the end 
of its term and you do not exercise your option to re-franchise as provided in Section 3.2, then we will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase all of the Business Assets, except for the Ownership 
Interests, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.6.  Within 24 hours after this Agreement 
expires, you must give us written notice listing the cost and asking price for each one of the Business 
Assets.  If you fail to give us notice of the cost and asking price for the Business Assets, or if we do not 
agree with your asking price, and you and we cannot agree on the price of the Business Assets, then either 
you or we will have the right to demand that the price of the Business Assets be determined by arbitration 
in accordance with the Code of Procedure of the National Arbitration Forum, Post Office Box 50191, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55405 (www.arb-forum.com), 1-800-474-2371.  The arbitrator will not consider 
any value for goodwill associated with the name “Novus®” in determining the fair market value of the 
Business Assets since the right of purchase granted to us by this Section 14.6 only applies after this 
Agreement has expired.  The arbitrator may not include the value of the lease for the Retail Location if we 
give the arbitrator written notice that we intend to assume the lease.  If the arbitrator is unable to 
determine the fair market value of any of the Business Assets, then they will be valued at book value (cost 
less depreciation).  We will have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase any or all of the Business 
Assets from you for cash within 20 days after the fair market value of the Business Assets has been 
established by the arbitrator in writing.  However, we would also still have the right, whether or not we 
purchase the Business Assets, to recover any damages caused by any breach of this Agreement on your 
part, or any wrongful termination of this Agreement on your part, and we have the right to enforce all 
