7.
the Other Businesses, we have the right to terminate this Agreement if any part of, or the 
entirety of, any Other Businesses are transferred to an individual or entity which we have 
not approved or do not approve, in our sole discretion. 
23.
Exception to Covenants Not-to-Compete.  Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is amended 
by adding the following new Section 18.4: 
18.4 
Exception to Covenants Not-to-Compete.  You represent and warrant 
that the Other Businesses are not a Competitive Business and will not offer or 
sell the Products and Services.  The preceding restrictions in this Article 18 will 
not be breached by the operation by you and/or Your Related Parties of the Other 
Businesses at the Facility, so long as the Other Businesses do not offer any of the 
Products and Services.  You agree that you and Your Related Parties that operate 
Other Businesses shall obtain our  prior written consent, to be granted or 
withheld in our sole discretion, before substituting, adding or removing any 
business at the Facility. 
24.
Indemnification by You.  Section 19.1 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
19.1 
Indemnification by You.  We are not responsible for Claims and/or 
Damages arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with your or Your 
Related Parties’ operation of the Business, the Other Businesses, or any other 
activity at the Facility.  You agree to indemnify us and our Affiliates against, and 
reimburse us and our Affiliates for, all Claims and/or Damages we incur in 
defending any claim brought against us or in any action in which we are named 
as a party arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the Business, 
the Other Businesses, the Retail Location, the Facility, and/or the operation of the 
Business or the Other Businesses, including Claims and/or Damages arising 
from: (a) any personal injury, property damage, commercial loss or 
environmental contamination resulting from any act or omission by you or Your 
Related Parties, or your or Your Related Parties’ employees, agents or 
representatives; (b) any failure on your or Your Related Parties’ part to comply 
with any federal, state or local laws or regulations; (c) your failure to pay any of 
your debts or obligations; (d) Your Related Parties’ failure to pay any of their 
debts or obligations; or (e) your or Your Related Parties’ failure to comply with 
any requirement or condition of this Agreement or any other agreement with us 
or our Affiliates.  We will have the right to defend, at your expense, any claim 
made against us arising out of, from, as a result of, or in connection with the 
Business, the Other Businesses, the Retail Location, the Facility. 
25.
Other Businesses Gross Revenues.  The definition of “Gross Revenues” included in Paragraph x 
in Schedule “A” of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following sentences at the 
end of Paragraph x: 
