- 14 - 
You agree that we may use Feedback for any purpose without liability or compensation to you or 
obligation of any kind, and you hereby grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid-up, 
royalty-free, world-wide license to use Feedback in connection with any Business System activities 
conducted by us, our franchisees, or our Affiliates.
ARTICLE 8. 
RETAIL LOCATION SITE SELECTION 
8.1
Site Selection.  If a site for the Retail Location has not been determined prior to the execution of 
this Agreement, or if that site becomes unavailable for any reason, we will consult with you, and provide 
our input, in connection with the selection of a site for the Retail Location.  At your request, we will also 
assist you in negotiating your lease for the Retail Location.  However, you are ultimately responsible for 
selecting a site for the Retail Location, for purchasing or leasing the real estate, and for constructing or 
remodeling the building premises for the Business.   
(a)
We reserve the right to approve or disapprove of a proposed location based on such 
factors as we deem appropriate, including the condition of the premises, demographics of the 
surrounding area, proximity to other Novus Businesses, lease requirements (if applicable) and 
overall suitability.   
(b)
You acknowledge that our review of any proposed site, the lease, and the plans and 
specifications for your Retail Location, and any information that we may provide in the selection 
or development of the site, is not a representation, warranty or guaranty by us that the Business 
will be economically successful or profitable if it is operated at that site, and you will assume all 
responsibility for the business and economic risks associated with the selection of the site.   
8.2
Failure to Locate Suitable Site.  If you fail to either purchase or lease a site for the Retail 
Location within 90 days from the date of this Agreement, then we will have the right to terminate this 
Agreement under the terms of ARTICLE 15; provided, however, that if you begin operating a mobile 
vehicle as permitted under Section 2.5(b) within 90 days from the date of this Agreement, then the 90-day 
period recited above will be extended by an additional 90 days.  If, at that time, you have not purchased or 
leased a site for the Retail Location, then we will have the option, upon notice to you, to treat you as not 
having begun to operate the business and provide notice of termination under subsection 15.1(c), or to 
allow you to convert to a franchise for a Mobile Business.  If we allow you the option to convert to a 
Mobile Business, then you must, within 30 days of our notice to you, sign our form of Franchise 
Agreement we are then offering to new stand-alone Mobile Business franchisees; provided, however, that 
all provisions in that agreement calling for the payment of any Initial Fee or Initial Training Fee, and all 
provisions requiring us to provide you pre-opening services, will be excised from that agreement.  You 
will not, however, be entitled to any reduction or refund of any portion of any fees paid under this 
Agreement. 
8.3
Lease.  If your Retail Location is leased, then you are responsible for negotiating and obtaining a 
lease for a term that is consistent with the Term.  We reserve the right to review and approve your lease, 
and may, without limitation, insist that the lease provide that it may be assigned to us, or our nominee, at 
our option, upon a transfer of this Agreement, or upon termination or expiration of this Agreement or the 
lease.   
8.4
Construction or Renovation.  You are responsible for constructing and renovating the Retail 
Location.  You are also responsible for complying with all local, state and federal laws, ordinances, 
statutes and building codes, and for acquiring all licenses, building permits and other permits required by 
all federal, state, city, municipal and local laws in connection with the operation, construction or 
