 
 
32 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
We can require you to transmit all payments required under the Franchise Agreement by wire 
transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other 
form of electronic funds transfer. We may reduce the amount of any payment or credit to you by 
any amount that you owe us, and this includes your and our affiliates. We occasionally reduce 
the Monthly Royalty Fee for multi-unit or more experienced franchisees, for franchisees with 
whom we have previously dealt, for Conversions, or for franchisees in other unique 
circumstances, including franchisees with whom we have a Management Agreement. However, 
we do not always do so and may choose not to reduce your Monthly Royalty Fee even if you 
possess some or all of these characteristics. We agreed to modify the Monthly Royalty Fee in 21 
instances during 2024. 
2. 
We may change the Monthly Program Fee rate at any time. The Monthly Program Fee 
rate will not exceed the current rate plus 1% of Gross Rooms Revenue over the term of the 
Franchise Agreement. The Monthly Program Fee pays for various programs to benefit the System 
and/or the Network, including: (i) developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems 
and support; (ii) developing and maintaining directories and Internet sites for System Hotels; (iii) 
advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and other marketing 
programs; (iv) certain quality assurance programs; (v) certain technology programs; and (vi) 
administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or direction of these projects and 
programs. We may create or modify any programs and allocate monies derived from Monthly 
Program Fees to any regions or localities. The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs 
of participating in any optional marketing programs or other programs or services periodically 
offered by us or our affiliates in which you voluntarily choose to participate. These fees also do 
not cover the cost of operating the hotel in accordance with the Standards or the Manual. 
3. 
Our quality assurance program currently includes the Plans and Designs Late Fee, Brand 
Non-Compliance Fees, PIP/Renovation Failure Fee, the Stay Score Failure Fee, and Service 
Quality Improvement Program Fees shown here. These represent an evolution of our quality 
assurance program elements (in which fees were previously referred to as Quality Assurance 
Evaluation and Re-Evaluation Fees as applicable). More than one fee may apply in a particular 
circumstance. The PIP/Renovation Failure and Service Quality Improvement Program fees apply 
in addition to any other quality assurance fees that may apply. If any quality assurance evaluation, 
re-evaluation, or Special is conducted on-site, you must also provide complimentary lodgings for 
our representative during the evaluation. See Items 8 and 11 for details on our quality assurance 
program, Service Quality Improvement Program, and FRCM.  
4. 
We might make certain adjustments to the Service Quality Improvement Program 
(formerly known as the Quality Improvement Program) as program updates are implemented this 
year, but the total fees due will not exceed $50,000 over a 6-month period, plus any applicable 
third-party vendor costs. See Item 11 for details.   
5. 
We may add, remove, or modify our sales and distribution programs at any time. These 
programs may have individual criteria for participation, as well as policies, terms, or rules that 
must be met for continued participation. We may require your Hotel to participate in certain 
programs or combinations of programs. We may also offer optional programs at an additional 
cost. Some programs may utilize automatic enrollment and if your Hotel does not wish to 
participate it may be required to opt-out as provided in programs’ policies, terms, or rules. Failure 
to pay fees or commissions when due, or failure to comply with the applicable program policies, 
terms, and rules may result in the loss of access to certain programs or individual sales and 
distribution channels. 
