 
 
74 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
You must operate your Hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances. If you are operating an eforea spa, you must comply with the minimum 
hours of operation for the spa that we may specify. If you are operating a restaurant or bar under 
a Restaurant Brand, you must offer and sell the type and quality of food products that we specify, 
and operate the restaurant or bar for all required meal periods we may specify (breakfast, lunch, 
dinner, other). You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip the Hotel, any eforea spa, and any 
restaurant or bar in the Hotel in a clean, safe and orderly manner and in first-class condition under 
the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and the Standards, and in compliance with all 
applicable local, state, and federal laws, customs and regulations, including maintaining and 
conducting your business using sound business and financial practices. You must adopt, use and 
comply with the Standards, and keep your Manual current at all times. You must also provide 
efficient, courteous and high-quality service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms set forth in the Addendum 
to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes in 
structure, design or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval. You may not offer 
products or services, including spa treatments, unless and until they have been approved by us. 
Minor redecoration and minor structural changes that comply with our standards and 
specifications will not be considered significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as restaurants, 
lounges, recreational facilities (swimming pool, whirlpool, exercise room, sauna, etc.), meeting 
and function space, gift shops and other concessions, parking facilities, guest laundry, and 
housekeeping services. As described in Item 8, we may develop promotional programs with third-
party companies that feature those companies’ branded products or services, and we may require 
or permit your Hotel to participate in those promotional programs.  We may also require or permit 
your Hotel to accept guests with pets, and provide amenities, products, or services related to 
those pets. The types and quality of the products, services, and amenities that your Hotel offers, 
and any related charges that you assess guests, must comply with our Standards.  
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade your Hotel’s furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications 
specified in the Manual. These standards will benefit the System as a whole. You must make 
these changes at your sole cost and expense. You must also maintain acceptable product quality 
ratings at your Hotel and maintain the hotel in accordance with the Standards. We may make 
limited exceptions from some of those standards based on local conditions or special 
circumstances, but we are not required to do so.  
There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System. We make changes to the System 
based on our assessment of the long-term best interests of hotels using the System, considering 
the interest of the System overall.  You must comply with all changes we adopt. We may require 
that you purchase particular models or brands of merchandise for resale to be sold from the hotel 
from us or from a source we designate.  
You must participate in and use the required Reservation Service, including any additions, 
enhancements, supplements or variants which we or our affiliates develop or adopt. You must 
honor and give first priority on available rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to your Hotel 
through the Reservation Service. The Reservation Service is the only reservation service or 
system you may use for outgoing reservations referred by or from your Hotel to other hotels or 
other reservations services we or our affiliates designate. 
