 
 
44 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide.  For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service.  In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications.  All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems.  
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8.  
Food and Beverage Consultant  
We may require you to use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and 
Beverage Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage 
outlet concepts.  In that event, you may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have 
not approved. Your Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, 
name and logo, menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and 
equipment, linens, lighting coordination with approved Lighting Consultant, sound system 
coordination with approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other 
elements of the operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets.  Your 
Food and Beverage Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage 
outlets are appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant 
