 
 
55 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
your Hotel, which is currently about $3,800. Currently, you are not required to pay an ongoing fee 
to use this system. 
Connected Room System 
We may require you to install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an assortment of 
streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton Honors 
App.  This system requires a control module that is connected to each in-room television along 
with certain electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors.  The 
cost of this system is currently between $55,350 and $66,150, and the cost of the electrical fixtures 
is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures.  The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor 
before opening.  You must also have maintenance and support from us or an approved vendor, 
which is paid to us and currently costs between $980 and $1,395 per month ($11,760 to $16,740 
per year). These costs are normally not refundable. 
 
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve.  The set-up costs of this system are between $900 and 
$41,000. Additional set-up costs may apply, depending on the implementation approach you 
choose and the specific needs of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly.  
You must also pay annual license fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year. You 
will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, which are passed through to the vendor. The optional on-
property license fee includes a 10% mark-up, which we keep to help cover our costs in developing 
and maintaining the Delphi system for Network Hotels. Depending on your Hotel’s technology 
configuration, you may be required to utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, which 
integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by 
Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, 
although you may be required to sign a separate license agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to 
use it.  We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for either of these systems. 
You must maintain and update them at your cost to remain in compliance with the 
Standards.  There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation.  We will have 
independent access to your Hotel’s event sales information stored in these systems (including 
accounts, inventory, bookings and other data).  There are no contractual limitations on our right 
to access this information.   
Eforea Spa 
If you open an eforea spa at your Hotel, you must obtain and use industry appropriate spa booking 
software to schedule customer appointments, record customer information and transaction data, 
take payments for services, create reports regarding your spa’s operations and create and 
customize social media and email marketing campaigns. You will also need to purchase certain 
other equipment including a bar code scanner, magstrips reader and receipt printer. Neither we, 
nor any affiliate or any third party has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades or updates related to any such computer system. We can periodically require you to 
upgrade or update any of your spa computer systems while you are operating an eforea spa. 
There are no contractual limitations on the cost of this obligation.   
