 
 
60 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
 
See our current DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure Document for a description of our 
pre-opening obligations and training program for Piebird Restaurants. 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business we will: 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  
Additionally, we will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, 
in advertising of System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing 
programs offered by us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System 
Hotels. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4)  
2. 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service 
currently connects System Hotels to our global reservations database and global 
distribution systems. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2). However, if your Hotel is in 
default we may suspend our obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement, including 
removing the listing of your Hotel from any directories we publish and from any advertising 
we publish, assessing any applicable non-compliance fee, and/or suspending or removing 
your Hotel from the Reservations Service. (Franchise Agreement, Section 13.3). 
3. 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
4. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, we will also make available to you the services of a 
team member who will periodically provide you with suggestions for the improvement of 
your spa’s operations. (Spa Amendment, Section 4). 
5. 
If you are operating a restaurant or bar in your Hotel that utilizes a Restaurant Brand, our 
quality assurance program may include conducting periodic inspections, mystery shops, 
and audits to ensure compliance with Restaurant Brand Guidelines as well as the Brand 
Standards. We may utilize third-party service providers to conduct these inspections and 
audits. We will also make available to you the services of a team member who will 
periodically provide you with suggestions for the improvement of your restaurant’s or bar’s 
operations (Restaurant Brand Amendment, Section 4). The Monthly Program Fee will not 
be used to pay for any quality assurance program elements that apply exclusively to the 
Restaurant Brands.  
See our current DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure Document for a description of our 
post-opening obligations for Piebird Restaurants. 
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you or your personnel. Management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
