 
 
41 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards. We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program 
that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any 
renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are 
responsible for the costs of complying with any such renovation schedule (including any FRCM 
renovation), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards.  
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at 
and for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, 
operating supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the 
Hotel,  signs and graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest 
materials, together with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and 
technology platforms for property management, inventory management, revenue management, 
affiliation and distribution programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, 
customer satisfaction measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment 
and conveniences, internet access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance 
services, and any and all other systems, programs, products and services used for the operation 
of the Hotel, including our specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable 
product quality ratings at your Hotel and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it from any authorized source of 
distribution. 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must purchase Hilton’s proprietary computer software, currently OnQ, from Hilton or HSS. 
You must purchase items bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved 
by us. We may derive profit from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and we do not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
$1,101,161,898 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below). 
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees.  HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
