 
 
19 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
In addition to the Franchise Application Fee, if you are applying for a franchise for a hotel that was 
previously operated as a System Hotel, we may require, as a condition of approving your 
Application, that you pay outstanding royalties and other fees due under the prior franchise 
agreement relating to the System Hotel. 
2. 
For a New Development, you must start construction within 16 months after the date we 
approve your Application. For a Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room 
addition project, you must start the renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. For all projects (including 
New Development, Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project), 
you must complete the construction or renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an 
extension of any start date or completion date for your project, you must submit a written request 
before that date occurs. If we approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will 
set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 
days’ notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request 
any further extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we 
approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and 
completion dates accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, 
Change of Ownership, or room addition projects. 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  You 
must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of 
them, as described below.    
OnQ System. Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ®” system, which connects System Hotels 
to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components for the 
operation of the Hotel. The complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support.   
You may acquire the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may 
purchase or lease it from other (non-preferred) third-party vendors. You must acquire the OnQ 
software components from HSS or our designated vendors because certain elements are 
proprietary. The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the 
Hilton Property Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property 
Engagement Platform (“PEP®”). We developed HPMS in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-
party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS are proprietary to Hilton. If you purchase 
the standard OnQ package from HSS, we estimate that it will cost within the range shown here 
for our prototype size of hotel shown in Item 7. This includes hardware, software, installation and 
certain other costs and fees, and is based on the size of the Hotel and number of workstations. 
We are not able to determine a separate market price for the OnQ system because there is no 
third-party market for OnQ in its entirety. See Item 11 for details. 
