 
 
40 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. We recommend that 
you assume it will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
20. 
The initial fee is paid only if you are installing an eforea spa in your Hotel. 
21. 
The low estimate assumes you are not opening a spa. The high estimate includes the cost 
to build out and equip the spa to current eforea spa standards, whether you are installing an 
eforea spa or another spa concept. Costs may be greater for a Conversion hotel. 
22. 
This initial fee applies only if you choose to use a Restaurant Brand for the operation of a 
restaurant or bar at your Hotel other than Piebird. The Restaurant Brands are designed to fall 
within the cost estimates for developing and opening a standard prototype hotel with a restaurant 
or bar (as part of either a New Development or a Conversion) as outlined in this Item 7. If you 
choose a Restaurant Brand for your Hotel, we may offer additional optional services for additional 
costs.  See Item 1 for details. See our current DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure 
Document for the estimated initial investment of a DoubleTree hotel with Piebird Restaurant. 
23. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
24. 
 In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton's 60+ years of experience in operating 
or franchising hotels. With respect to an eforea spa, we relied on Hilton’s experience over the last 
6 years in operating eforea spas in the US. You should review these figures carefully with a 
business advisor before making any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in 
these charts are for typical New Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. 
In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, 
physical structure and quality of furnishing. Because there are so many variables involving any 
particular existing hotel, we can give no average cost. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards for the hotel are compiled in 
our standards manual ("Manual") and, if you construct an eforea spa, then also in the eforea spa 
Manual, and if you utilize a Restaurant Brand, then also in the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. We 
regularly review, modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may periodically 
modify and update Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in technology, 
improved methods of manufacture, new materials, structures and decor, new products, improved 
prices and other factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form of 
updates to the Manual.  
