 
 
70 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
may not communicate with any other person regarding any such infringement, challenge or claim. 
We will take the action we consider appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and 
only we will have the right to handle disputes concerning the Marks or the System. You must fully 
cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint us 
as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.   
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel and eforea spa, and any 
Restaurant Brand, if applicable. You may not adopt any other brands in operating your Hotel, the 
eforea spa, or a Restaurant Brand that we do not approve. You also may not use any of the 
Marks, or the word “DoubleTree,” or “Hilton” or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your 
corporate, partnership, business or trade name; (b) any Internet-related name (including a domain 
name); or (c) any business operated separate from your Hotel, including the name or identity of 
developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel without our prior written consent or as 
provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Manual. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will be 
an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the Franchise Agreement.  
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license 
the use of these Marks in any material manner.  There are no infringements actually known to us 
that could materially affect your use of the Marks.  There are no effective determinations of the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There 
is no pending material litigation or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings 
in the United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits 
and renewals have been filed. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Our license from our affiliate HIH includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating 
to the Brand (as well as eforea spa and/or a Restaurant Brand as applicable) in the US. You may 
use this intellectual property only in connection with the System and only in the manner we 
designate, as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. If applicable, you may use 
the intellectual property related to the eforea Brand only so long as you are operating an eforea 
spa. If applicable, you may use the intellectual property related to a licensed Restaurant Brand 
only so long as you are operating the restaurant or bar that we have approved to utilize that 
Restaurant Brand. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other 
intellectual property owned by any of our affiliates. 
Neither we nor our affiliate HIH own any rights in or licenses to any patents or registered 
copyrights nor have any pending patent applications material to our franchise business. The 
proprietary information of HIH, which has been licensed to us, consists of the Manual and all other 
information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, specifications, procedures, 
information, systems and knowledge of and experience in the development, operation, marketing 
and licensing of the System (“Proprietary Information”). You must treat the Proprietary Information 
as confidential. You must adopt and implement all reasonable procedures we may periodically 
