 
 
Page 5 
2025 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
2. 
Items 17 (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) are amended to state that Minnesota law provides 
you with certain termination and non-renewal rights. Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, 
subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days 
notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the franchise 
agreement. 
 
3. 
Items 17 (a) and (m) are amended to state that the general release language contained in the 
Franchise Agreement shall not relieve us or our affiliates, from liability imposed by the 
Minnesota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
4. 
Item 17 (i) is amended to state that Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibits requiring you to 
consent to liquidated damages.   
 
5. 
Items 17 (i), (v) and (w) are amended to state that Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibits us from requiring litigation to be conducted outside 
Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, 
termination penalties or judgment notes. Nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or 
agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, 
Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of 
Minnesota. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the New York Franchise Sales Act 
 
1. 
Item 3 is amended to add the following: 
 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, have pending any administrative, criminal or material 
civil action (or a significant number of civil actions irrespective of materiality) alleging: a felony; a 
violation of a franchise, antitrust or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion; 
misappropriation of property; unfair or deceptive practices or comparable civil or misdemeanor 
allegations. 
 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, have been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo 
contendere to a felony charge or, within the 10-year period immediately preceding the application for 
registration, been convicted of a misdemeanor or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge 
or been the subject of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antitrust or securities law; fraud; 
embezzlement, fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive 
practices or comparable allegations. 
 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, are subject to any currently effective injunctive or 
restrictive order or decree relating to franchises or under any federal, state or Canadian franchise, 
securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law resulting from a concluded or pending 
action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or are subject to any currently effective order of any 
national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or 
expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange; or are subject to a 
currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an 
action brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a 
license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
2. 
Item 4 is amended to add the following: 
 
During the 10-year period immediately preceding the date of this disclosure document, neither we 
nor any person identified in Item 2 above, has filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to 
start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
bankruptcy code; or was a principal officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that 
either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 
