 
 
34 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
Agreement for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) 
divided by 24; and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of 
all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening 
Date and the termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.     
 
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees 
per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 
full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s 
Average Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining 
the System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
In calculating these averages, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, 
ramps, or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest 
Rooms were removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 
days. In the case of Business Interruptions, the applicable measurement period will be adjusted 
earlier in time to account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred. 
 
9. 
RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 2: If your Hotel has an 
expedited opening of 150 days or less, your Hotel must participate in the applicable monthly 
service model in this category as follows: if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate 
over $6 million in annual Gross Room Revenue, it must participate in our monthly full service 
“Intermediate Model,” and if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $10 million 
in annual Gross Room Revenue or is located in a dynamic market with a complex mix of business 
and a need for forecasting support, it must participate in our monthly full service “Premier Model.” 
RMCC programs and fees are subject to change. 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
DOUBLETREE HOTEL (250 ROOMS) 
 
Type of expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
payment 
When due 
To whom 
payment is to 
be made
Franchise Application Fee  
(Note 1) 
$85,000 
Lump sum 
With  
Application 
Us 
Property Improvement Plan 
(Note 2) 
$0 to $10,000 
Lump sum 
Before we 
prepare PIP 
Us 
Market Study 
(Note 3) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
Environmental Assessment 
(Note 4) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
Real Property 
(Note 5) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As agreed 
Supplier 
Construction and Leasehold 
Improvements 
(Note 6) 
$17,600,000 to 
$72,150,000 
As agreed 
As agreed 
Suppliers 
