 
 
8 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
generally, as found in the Manual. The franchisee of the Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement.  
We offer Piebird Brand Restaurants for DoubleTree hotels under a separate disclosure document. 
If you wish to add a Piebird Restaurant your Hotel, you must sign the Piebird Amendment to 
Franchise Agreement and meet the requirements of the Piebird Brand. See our current 
DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure Document for details.  
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
DoubleTree hotels compete in the upscale hotel market segment and cater to business travelers, 
families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location. The market for your 
services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation, including whether 
it is a resort, conference center, or hotel for frequent business travelers, among other things. Our 
franchisees seek customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit 
business from conventions, and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level. If you 
are operating an eforea spa or a Restaurant Brand, you will market your products and services to 
patrons of the hotel and the local community. 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated 
local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services 
to the same clientele. In addition, a DoubleTree Suites hotel will compete with other national and 
regional hotel chains and local facilities primarily offering all-suite accommodations. Due to their 
limited meeting facilities, DoubleTree Suites hotels do not compete with other hotels for 
convention trade. The convention and meeting facilities of a DoubleTree hotel will compete with 
national and independent hotels and convention centers and their restaurants in its own and other 
regions. If you are operating an eforea spa, you will compete with other spa concepts, wellness 
centers, and other parties offering the same or similar services. This would include salons that 
offer many of the services your spa will offer and individuals and businesses that provide certain 
of the services you offer, such as massage therapists. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark 
“DoubleTree”). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support 
to guest lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within 
any Restricted Area, in any manner that we or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our 
affiliates may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity 
which itself has established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere 
(provided that any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates 
may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised 
network or chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities 
regardless of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any 
Restricted Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any 
brands or marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There 
