 
 
96 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
As of December 31, 2024, there were 2 eforea spas in operation at franchised hotels in the US, 
and there were 3 eforea spas in operation at Company-Managed hotels in the US. As of 
December 31, 2024, there were no restaurants or bars operating under Restaurant Brand licenses 
from us. 
If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you 
leave the franchise system. 
During the last 3 fiscal years, some current and former franchisees have signed provisions 
restricting their ability to speak about their experience with us. You may wish to speak with current 
and former franchisees, but be aware that not all such franchisees will be able to communicate 
with you. 
We have not created, endorsed, or sponsored any trademark-specific franchisee organizations 
associated with the System. There are no trademark-specific franchisee organizations associated 
with the franchise system which are incorporated or otherwise organized under state law and 
have asked us to be included in our disclosure document during the next fiscal year. 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Attached as Exhibit C are our audited consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 
2023, the related consolidated statements of operations and member’s capital and cash flows for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated 
financial statements.   
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
The following contracts are attached to this Disclosure Document: 
Exhibit D 
Franchise Agreement and Addendum 
Exhibit D-2 
Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit D-3 
Eforea Spa Amendment 
Exhibit D-4 
Restaurant Brand Amendment 
Exhibit E 
Guaranty of Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit F 
Franchise Application 
Exhibit G 
Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit K 
Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
 
These exhibits are SAMPLES ONLY and are not for signature. These documents are not 
exhaustive and may vary significantly from state to state and from transaction to transaction. 
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
Exhibit M contains 2 copies of a detachable receipt. 
