 
 
86 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
Spa Amendment and 
HITS Agreement 
Summary 
w. Choice of law  
FA §16.2.1 
New York law applies, without recourse to New York choice of 
law on conflicts of law principles, except to the extent governed 
by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 
USC § 1050) (subject to state law). 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
See our current DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure Document for the Piebird 
Amendment terms and conditions. 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses. 
 
 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
  
The charts below set forth certain historic performance information for DoubleTree and 
DoubleTree Suites hotels operating in the US (but not its Territories or Possessions).  The charts 
do not include DoubleTree Club locations. 
  
In this Item 19, the term "Company-Managed" refers to hotels owned and/or managed by Hilton 
Worldwide or its affiliates, including franchised hotels. “Franchisee-Managed” refers to hotels that 
are franchised and are managed by the franchisee or a non-Hilton Worldwide management 
company retained by the franchisee. “Comparable Hotels” means those that: (i) were active and 
operating in our system for at least one full calendar year as of the end of the current period, and 
open January 1st of the previous year; (ii) have not undergone a change in brand or ownership 
type during the current or comparable periods reported; (iii) have not sustained substantial 
property damage or undergone large-scale capital projects impacting common areas and/or 
available guest rooms; (iv) have not removed or added a substantial number of guest rooms; or 
(v) for which comparable results are not available. 
  
As of December 31, 2024, there were a total of 382 DoubleTree or DoubleTree Suites branded 
hotels operating in the US. Of these, 304 were classified as Comparable Hotels. Of the 
Comparable hotels, 23 were Company-Managed and 281 were Franchisee-Managed. The 
financial performance results detailed in this section for 2023 and 2024 are for the 2024 
Comparable Hotels, defined above to provide a year-over-year comparison. 
