 
 
75 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, all guest frequency programs we or Hilton 
require, including the Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor 
programs. You must also honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any 
frequent guest program) that we or Hilton offer to the public on your behalf, any room rate quoted 
to any guest when the guest makes an advance reservation, and any award guest certificates 
issued to hotel guests participating in these programs. You may not charge any Mandatory Guest 
Fee without our consent, in accordance with Brand Standards and subject to our requirements 
for granting such consent. 
We periodically adopt programs whereby our Systems and the systems of our affiliates, promote 
each other. Currently, under a program we refer to as “cross-selling,” if a customer calls our 
Reservations Service Center and we are unable to find suitable accommodations in any hotel in 
the System (and the customer would otherwise terminate the phone call), we will try to find 
suitable accommodations with System Hotels (or that of our affiliate).  We may implement a 
common platform for the reservation programs of our various hotel systems, so that we can cross-
sell the hotels of all our systems (and those of our affiliates). 
You may not conduct or permit gaming or casino operations in the hotel or on the hotel premises 
without our express written prior permission, which we may withhold at our sole discretion.  
Except as described in the following sentence, you may not conduct or permit the sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums or like schemes at or 
adjacent to your Hotel without our written permission; you may do so only as we permit and we 
may withhold permission at our sole discretion. You may conduct timeshare or condominium sales 
or marketing at any property that you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so long 
as you do not use any of the Marks in these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its 
facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, marketing efforts or business operations.  
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, 
conference center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason. If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our 
Network (which is also franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign 
the Shared Facilities Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure 
Document. You are not allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any 
tenant-in-common interest in the hotel or the hotel site, other than a Transfer that is otherwise a 
Permitted Transfer, without our express permission, which we may withhold for any reason. If we 
permit you to share your business operation or engage in a tenant-in-common syndication or 
transfer, you must comply with any terms that we require as a condition to our approval. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer and dispute resolution. You should 
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. See 
Exhibits D and G. 
 
