 
 
89 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
RevPAR Index* 
2023 
2024 
Number & Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median RevPAR Index 
138/49.5% 
141/50.5% 
* This table does not include 3 Comparable Franchisee-Managed DoubleTrees for 2023 and 2 Comparable Franchisee-Managed 
DoubleTrees for 2024, because data for these hotels was insufficient. 
Source: STR and Hilton 
 
The Occupancy Index for all Comparable Hotels ranged from 45.6 to 155.0 in 2023, and from 
64.3 to 163.5 in 2024. The RevPAR Index for all Comparable Hotels ranged from 45.3 to 213.7 
in 2023, and from 54.0 to 230.2 in 2024. 
 
Some of our franchisees have achieved the results in this analysis. Your individual results may 
differ. There is no assurance that you will achieve room rates, occupancy rates, or index 
performance at the levels reflected in this analysis. 
 
We recommend that you consult your attorney, accountant, and other professional advisors 
before entering into any agreement with us, and conduct an assessment of the occupancy rates, 
room rates, and index performance that you may achieve in your specific location to construct 
your own business plan and financial projections regarding sales, revenues, costs, customer 
base, and business development for your Hotel. There are independent firms that have 
experience in preparing market studies for hotels and appraising and evaluating hotel operations. 
You may wish to obtain a market study from such a firm to help you project your potential sales, 
costs, income and profits. 
  
A hotel’s financial performance will be affected by a variety of factors including the following: the 
nature and extent of your competition; whether competitive hotels in your market are affiliated 
with any chains or other centralized reservation systems; the age and established customer base 
of competitive hotels; the in-room and common area facilities and amenities of your Hotel versus 
competitive hotels; whether your geographic area has a greater or lesser demand for hotel 
accommodations, which can turn on a number of factors; the frequency of business travel to/from 
your geographic area; whether your Hotel is situated at or near an airport; whether your Hotel is 
situated close to or remote from a central business district; whether your Hotel is situated in a 
geographic area that attracts vacation travelers; the type of Hotel you operate – resort, full-
service, limited service, all suites or rooms only; whether your Hotel offers food, beverage and/or 
convention and meeting services; whether your Hotel is situated near a college, resort attraction, 
theme park or other institution that generates lodging demand; the length of time your Hotel has 
been open to the public; and the length of time your Hotel has been affiliated with us. 
  
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial 
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make 
any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, 
however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other 
financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it to our 
management by contacting William Fortier, 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, 
Virginia 22102, 703-883-1000, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state 
regulatory agencies. 
  
We will make available to you on reasonable request written substantiation for the above financial 
performance representations, but we are under no obligation to disclose to you specific 
information about a particular hotel. 
 
