 
 
20 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years, or such longer 
period as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with 
a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed.  We anticipate 
the cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installations (but not including 
any elements that were needed for the original installation only).   
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public 
spaces at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”). Currently, our 
approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” The initial set-up costs of 
this system are paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system.  The 
GRO system is an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing 
recommendations for your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting. You are not required to 
adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that 
are paid to HSS are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details. 
Delphi System. You must install our required “Delphi” system, which is a cloud-based sales and 
events system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to 
the vendor. See Item 11 for details. 
Connected Room System. You must install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the 
Hilton Honors App.  Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
Digital Floor Plan. You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the Hotel and enable digital check-in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS. 
See Item 11 for details.  
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details. 
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000. 
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with 
the OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our 
required Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional 
computer system components that we may recommend. (including, for example, other business 
computer systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and 
payroll, point of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not 
include any delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed 
and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other 
benefits to support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All 
