 
 
69 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
DOUBLETREE (word)   
1094809 
June 27, 1978 
DOUBLETREE BY HILTON (words) 
3979597 
June 14, 2011 
D W/TREE DESIGN 
3963015 
May 17, 2011 
EFOREA 
3952726 
April 26, 2011 
EFOREA butterfly design (design) 
3952727 
April 26, 2011 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2. 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the eforea trademarks and the Restaurant Brands trademarks, as long as the Spa Amendment 
or the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect, respectively).  
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in 
connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes 
periodically. If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with 
the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed. 
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our 
affiliates. 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards.  We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time. We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark. We may limit what Marks each Brand of hotel may use. For example, a 
DoubleTree hotel is not referred to as a DoubleTree Suites hotel without our written consent. Your 
Hotel will be initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”). We may 
change the Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may not 
change the Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right 
to use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, emblems, symbols, 
designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names or other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in 
the System. 
Use of the Marks: Your Duties 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed 
by us to you. We will have the sole right and responsibility to handle disputes with third parties 
concerning use of the Marks or the System. The protection of the Marks and their distinguishing 
characteristics as standing for the System is important to all of us. For this reason, you must 
immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your use of any of the Marks. You 
