 
 
31 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT
DUE DATE
REMARKS
 
Category 4 – Monthly 
Lead Management 
Service Models, currently 
$999 to $5,599. 
 
Category 5 – Monthly 
Group Rooms 
Coordinator Models, 
currently $835 to $5,529. 
Procurement 
and Services 
Fees 
Currently, 4% to 10% of 
project cost. 
As agreed. 
Payable if you buy from HSM, in addition 
to the product cost, freight, taxes and 
other actual costs incurred by HSM. 
* Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us 
or our affiliates and are non-refundable. Other than the Monthly Royalty Fees, Restaurant Brands 
Annual Fee, and liquidated damages, the fees are subject to change. 
NOTES 
1. 
The Monthly Fees are calculated in accordance with the accounting methods of the then-
current Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, or as specified by us in the Manual. 
"Gross Rooms Revenue" means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of guest rooms (both 
transient and permanent) of the hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or 
rewards under the loyalty programs in which the hotel participates, amounts attributable to 
breakfast (where the guest room rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fees, late 
cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-show revenue and credit transactions, whether or not 
collected, at the actual rates charged, less allowances for any guest room rebates and 
overcharges, and will not include taxes collected directly from patrons or guests.  Group booking 
rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to third-party groups for group stays must be 
included, and not deducted from, the calculation of Gross Rooms Revenue.   
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition 
to the base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, 
destination fees, amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest 
Fees do not include employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees 
and assessments that are levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a 
third party (such as tourism public improvement district fees, tourism or improvement 
assessments, and convention center fees). 
“Gross Spa Revenue” means all revenue from services and retail sales of products from the 
eforea spa, less allowances for spa rebates and overcharges, but does not include any sales or 
other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenues from food and beverage sales 
of the spa. 
If there is a fire or other insured casualty at your Hotel that results in a reduction of Gross Rooms 
Revenue or Gross Spa Revenue, the Monthly Program and Monthly Royalty Fees will be equal 
to the Monthly Program and Monthly Royalty Fees forecasted on the basis of the Gross Rooms 
Revenue and Gross Spa Revenue amount you agree on with your insurer(s). However, we have 
the right to participate with you in negotiating the value of your Gross Rooms Revenue and Gross 
Spa Revenue claim with your insurer(s).  
