 
 
65 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on request. We may modify this program and 
make this program or some of its components mandatory in the future.  
 
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel 
You must begin construction of a New Development DoubleTree or DoubleTree Suites hotel 
within 16 months from the date we approve your Application. You must complete construction of 
a New Development DoubleTree or DoubleTree Suites hotel, receive our authorization for 
opening and open your Hotel within 36 months from the date we approve your Application. 
In Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of Ownership situations, you may be required to upgrade 
the property to meet our standards. We establish a deadline by which you must begin work on a 
project-by-project basis. You must complete the requisite upgrades within the timeframe we 
establish in the PIP. In Conversion and Re-licensing situations, we determine the commencement 
and completion deadlines according to your PIP. We determine the deadlines for beginning and 
completing work for room additions on a project-by-project basis. 
If you operate an eforea spa, you must open the spa by the date we specify, which will generally 
be within 12 months after the date you sign the Spa Amendment. If you operate a restaurant or 
bar under a Restaurant Brand, you must open the restaurant or bar at the opening of your Hotel, 
or otherwise on a date that we specify, which will generally be within 12 months after you sign the 
Restaurant Brand Addendum. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location. There are no provisions in the 
standard Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not 
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that 
our affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The 
standard Franchise Agreement permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, or 
affiliate or associate with any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality 
industry or not, and whether under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and 
in any location. We and our affiliates have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if 
they compete with your Hotel, the Brand, System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or 
our affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come 
under common ownership with, affiliate or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) 
use or license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or 
personnel used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the 
Brand, and the Marks in the Other Businesses. You acknowledge and agree that you have no 
rights to, and will not make any claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or 
related to any of the foregoing activities, and you acknowledge and agree that such activities will 
not give rise to any liability on our part, including, but not limited to, liability for claims for unfair 
competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, or divided loyalty. “Other Businesses” means any business activity we or our affiliates 
engage in, other than the licensing of your Hotel.  
 
