 
 
63 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses. We currently have 
Strategic Partnerships in place with Small Luxury Hotels of the World LTD (SLH),Prospect Hotel 
Management, LLC (Autocamp.com), LWP Cypress PM LLC (Evermore Resort), and Field Station. 
We may enter into additional Strategic Partnerships in the future. See Item 12 for details.  
 
You are not required to participate in any marketing cooperative. We may occasionally develop 
local marketing programs that operate like cooperatives in that they may consist of a group of 
franchisees that pool their resources and actively work together on local marketing efforts. 
However, these cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing 
documents. These cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements. We 
may help form this type of cooperative whenever a group of franchisees wish to get together. 
Participation is voluntary. The contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary 
contributions of members. These cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by 
an advertising agency. If we participate in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, 
dissolved, or merged with another cooperative. We cannot guarantee that we will offer any 
cooperative marketing programs to franchisees in the future. Any plan that we offer in the future 
may differ from the plans we offered to franchisees in past years. 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or 
the Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand directories and internet sites; 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality 
assurance programs; certain technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead 
related to the administration or direction of these projects and programs. We have the sole right 
to determine how and when we spend these funds, including sole control over the creative 
concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement and allocation of advertising 
and the selection of promotional programs. We may enter into arrangements for development, 
marketing, operations, administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, 
services and/or personnel with any other entity, including any affiliates.  Monthly Program Fees 
are intended for the benefit of the System and the Network, and will not be used to promote or 
benefit any one property or market. Occasionally, however, Monthly Program Fees may be used 
for a property or market-specific initiative if we determine it has a strategic value to the System or 
Network overall. We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid by the Monthly 
Program Fee to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments, 
or to ensure that your Hotel benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures. We may 
create any programs, and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program Fees to any regions or 
localities as we consider appropriate in our sole judgment. The aggregate of Monthly Program 
Fees paid to us by franchisees does not constitute a trust or "advertising fund" and we are not a 
fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and other franchisees. We are 
not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from franchisees. If any interest 
is earned on unused Monthly Program Fees, we will use the interest before using the principal. 
The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of participating in any optional marketing 
programs and promotions periodically offered by us or our affiliates in which you voluntarily 
choose to participate. These fees also do not cover the cost of operating your Hotel in accordance 
with the standards in the Manual. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). 
