 
 
Page 7 
2025 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
Items 17 (c) and (m) are amended to state that any release signed as a condition of transfer or renewal 
will not apply to any claims you may have under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
 
Items 17 (u), (v) and (w) are amended to state that any provision in the franchise agreement restricting 
jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside Rhode Island or requiring the application of laws of a state other 
than Rhode Island is void as to a claim otherwise enforceable under the Rhode Island Franchise 
Investment Act. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document  
Pursuant to the Virginia Retail Franchise Act 
 
Item 17.h is amended to state that, pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it 
is unlawful for a franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the Franchise Agreement do not constitute “reasonable cause” as that term may be 
defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be 
enforceable. 
 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act 
 
1. 
The state of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which may supersede the franchise 
agreement in your relationship with us, including areas of termination and renewal of your 
franchise.  There may also be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in 
your relationship with us, including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
 
2. 
A release or waiver of rights you sign will not include rights under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel.  
Provisions that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the 
Act, and rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
3. 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW shall prevail. 
 
4. 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect our reasonable estimated or actual 
costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
5.  
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the 
time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of 
arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a 
franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
 
6. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be 
adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 
per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and 
unenforceable in Washington.  
 
7.  
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from 
(i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring 
