 
 
39 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
9. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. The amount 
includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain 
signage displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance 
with plans, specifications and standards we establish for System Hotels. You must purchase 
exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a current list. 
10. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer 
systems, including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO system, Delphi 
Sales and Events system, Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, 
and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  The estimated costs to acquire and install each of these 
systems are shown totaled here together, other than the Guest Internet Access system, the 
Connected Room system, and the Delphi Sales and Events system, which are listed separately. 
The amounts shown here may be different than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the 
amounts shown here also include costs that are payable to third parties.  The operating costs 
during the initial period are included in the Additional Funds line in this table.  See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details.  
11. 
We will provide the required training programs required under the terms set forth described 
in Items 5 and 11 of this Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training 
materials, and travel and living expenses while training. We may charge additional training costs 
based on the number of personnel that require training.     
12. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the hotel, we may require you to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with the ADA. 
13. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work 
must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a 
further extension of this deadline and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense.  This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name 
as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and 
notice requirements we specify in the Manual.  Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of 
location, size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
17. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting an existing hotel. 
18. 
“Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses.  Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these 
