 
 
42 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
Except as discussed below, you may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment (“FF&E”) 
and other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met.  However, 
in the future, we may require you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, 
or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is 
available only from one source, and we may derive revenue as a result of those purchases. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you must sell all the products we specify and perform the spa 
treatments we require. If you are opening a spa under a concept other than eforea, you must use 
an approved third-party management company. We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
manufacturers and suppliers in the form of administrative fees and rebates as described in this 
Item 8, and from any third party that we approve to provide products or services to your spa.  
If you utilize a Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant or bar at your Hotel, you must 
offer the types and quality of food and beverage menu items that we require. We may require that 
you offer specific menu items and use specific recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, or cooking 
methods. We may also disapprove any menu item that you propose if we determine that it is 
inconsistent with the Restaurant Brand identity, concept, or theme. We do not place any additional 
restrictions on your sources of supplies for the restaurants, other than those that apply to 
restaurants and food and beverage outlets under the Brand Standards generally (including any 
that may apply to room service, catering, and other services). Piebird Restaurants are different in 
that Piebird Restaurants must offer a specific, uniform menu of food and beverage products that 
we require, which make the Piebird Restaurants unique and distinctive. Accordingly, we may 
specify required recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, and cooking methods as well as food 
and beverage ingredients, inventory, and operating supplies (including any that may apply to room 
service, catering, and other services from or in connection with the Piebird Restaurant). See our 
current DoubleTree with Piebird Franchise Disclosure Document for all fees, terms, and 
conditions that pertain to Piebird Restaurants. For all of the Restaurant Brands, we and our 
affiliates may derive revenue from suppliers as described in this Item 8. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.   
in addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider. For the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $19,614,010 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
