 
 
83 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
Spa Amendment and 
HITS Agreement 
Summary 
current form of franchise agreement, agree to our request for 
upgrades to the hotel (which may include payment of a PIP fee); 
agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend us and our 
affiliates against any action by a Government Entity arising in 
connection with any fees or costs you charged to customers; 
and, if applicable, the Proposed transferee’s guarantors must 
sign our then-current form of guaranty of franchise agreement. 
Proposed transferee must not be a Sanctioned Person or a 
Competitor. If the transferee has SBA financing, you and the 
transferee must agree to escrow and disburse our estimated 
fees to us at closing. We will refund any excess about 30 days 
after closing.   
FA §12.3 
You must give 60 days’ advance notice of a public offering or 
private placement; follow our instructions about the use of the 
Marks and disclosure; and indemnify us from any claims related 
to the offer or sale of your securities; pay a processing fee when 
you submit the request and pay any additional costs we may 
incur. 
FA §12.4 
You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the hotel or an 
Equity Interest to a lender that finances the acquisition, 
development or operation of the hotel, without notifying us or 
obtaining our consent, if (i) you or the applicable Equity Owner 
are the sole borrower, and (ii) the loan is not secured by any 
other hotels or other collateral. You must notify us of any other 
proposed mortgage or pledge, including any collateral 
assignment of this Agreement, and obtain our consent, which we 
may withhold in our business judgment. We will evaluate the 
proposed mortgage or pledge according to our then-current 
procedure and standards for processing such requests. We may 
issue our consent in the form of a “lender comfort letter” 
agreement in a form satisfactory to us, and may include an 
estoppel and general release of claims. We charge a fee for the 
processing of a lender comfort letter. 
FA §5.1.24 
You may lease or sublease commercial space in the hotel, or 
enter into concession arrangements for operations in connection 
with the hotel, in the ordinary course of business, subject to our 
right to review and approve the nature of the proposed business 
and the proposed brand and concept, all in keeping with our 
then current Standards for System Hotels. 
Spa Amendment §8 
You may not transfer the hotel or the eforea spa without 
simultaneously transferring the other to the same buyer. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, we 
may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment §8 
 
Unless we terminate the Restaurant Brand Amendment, you 
may not transfer the hotel or the restaurant using a Restaurant 
