 
 
Page 6 
2025 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
year after the officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the company or 
partnership. 
 
3, 
Item 17 is amended to add the following: 
 
The franchisee may terminate the agreement upon any grounds available by law. 
 
We will not assign our rights under the Franchise Agreement, except to an assignee who in our 
good faith and judgment is willing and able to assume our obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
The New York Franchises Law requires that New York law govern any cause of action which 
arises under the New York Franchises Law. 
 
The New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680 through 695 may supersede any 
provision of the Franchise Agreement that is inconsistent with that law. 
 
You must sign a general release when you renew the Franchise Agreement and in connection 
with any transfer under the Franchise Agreement.  These provisions may not be enforceable 
under New York law. 
 
Our right to obtain injunctive relief exists only after proper proofs are made and the appropriate 
authority has granted such relief. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the North Dakota Franchise Disclosure Act 
 
1. 
Item 17 (i) is amended to reflect that all liquidated damages provisions in the Franchise 
Agreement are deleted in their entirety.  
 
2. 
Item 17 (w) is amended to state that the laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements or New York law if such provisions 
are in conflict with North Dakota law.  The Franchise Agreement will be governed by North 
Dakota law. 
 
3. 
Item 17 (v) is amended to state that any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the Licensee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside 
of North Dakota, is deleted.  
 
4. 
Item 17 (w) is amended to state that any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires 
you to waive your right to a trial by jury is deleted. 
 
5. 
Items 17 (c) and (m) are amended to state that no release language set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement shall relieve us or our affiliates from liability imposed by the North Dakota Franchise 
Disclosure Act. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Additional Information Required by the State of Rhode Island 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the State of Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act §19-28.1 et seq. 
(the “Act”), the Franchise Disclosure Document for use in the State of Rhode Island is amended as 
follows: 
 
Item 17 (h) is amended to state that termination of a franchise agreement as a result of insolvency or 
bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. 
 
