 
 
50 
2025 US DOUBLETREE 
month or the highest rate allowed by law. We may reduce the amount of the Incentive that we 
disburse to you by any amount that you or your affiliates owe to us or our affiliates, and this will 
not affect the calculation of the amount repayable to us. We may grant renewals, extensions, 
modifications, compositions, compromises, releases or discharges of other parties without notice 
to any guarantor or co-maker. You may not use any portion of the Incentive to make, offer, or 
authorize any Improper Payment or engage in any act violating any Anti-Corruption Law. If we 
reasonably believe that you have used the Incentive in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, you 
must cooperate with our reasonable requests for information and permit us to inspect all books 
and records pertaining to your Hotel.  
We generally do not offer any other financing or guarantee any note, lease, or other obligations.  
However, in unique or rare circumstances we may choose to offer other types of financing such 
as, for example, a mezzanine loan or a guaranty of your note, lease, or other obligations.  In that 
event, the arrangements we offer would be based on the unique circumstances and financial 
situation of your Hotel. As a result, we cannot determine in advance the key terms such as, for 
example, the amount, term, repayment obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security 
interests, default provisions, and other conditions or requirements.  We also cannot determine in 
advance the type of documentation that would be required such as, for example, notes, 
guarantees, security agreements, mortgages, deeds, assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, 
intercreditor agreements, or other instruments. We do not have sample forms of these types of 
documents. These documents and each of their terms would be agreed at the time of origination. 
ITEM 11 
LICENSOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our 
affiliates or through any third-party provider we designate.  
Hilton will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Brand 
franchise agreements governing hotels situated in the US, including: discharging all of our 
obligations to franchisees; managing the Brand and the System; marketing, offering and 
negotiating new franchise agreements (including New Development, Relicensing, and Change of 
Ownership franchise agreements) as our franchise broker; furnishing assistance to Brand 
franchisees in the US; implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our 
behalf, discharging all duties we owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the 
US. 
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under 
the terms of your Franchise Agreement. If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may 
be replaced as the franchise service provider. However, as the Franchisor, we will always be 
responsible for fulfilling all our duties and obligations under your Franchise Agreement. 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open 
your business: 
1. 
We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the 
Manual on the Hilton Intranet resources library. The Manual is confidential and is the property of 
