 
 
 64 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
Advance Purchase Program 
 
Hilton’s Advance Purchase Program provides guests with the ability to pay for hotel reservations 
in advance in exchange for receiving a discounted room rate.  You may but are not required to 
participate in this optional program.  Currently, we charge a fee of 4.5% of the advance payments 
received (“Advance Purchase Fee”).  Guests typically make advance payments using their credit 
or debit cards.  In 2024, we rolled out an enhancement to this program that permits guests to 
make payments with certain third-party digital payment apps and online services such as Google 
Pay and Apple Pay.  The third-party apps/payment providers may change over time.  If you 
choose to participate in the Advance Purchase Program you will be required to offer digital 
payments as an option to your guests.  You must also open a merchant account and sign a 
Licensee Merchant Agreement with a third-party vendor called Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) and a 
Refund Authorization with us.  Adyen provides electronic payment processing services for this 
program.  Currently, you do not have to pay any additional fees to us or to Adyen to enroll in the 
digital payments option and the Advance Purchase Fee will be waived.  However, Adyen may 
charge certain transaction, processing, or service fees that apply to your account.  If you wish to 
participate in the Advance Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on request. We 
may modify this program and make this program or some of its components mandatory in the 
future. 
      
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel  
 
For New Development, you must start construction at your Hotel within 16 months from the date 
we approve your Application. You then must complete construction, receive our authorization for 
opening, and open your Hotel within 36 months from the date we approve your Application.  
In Conversion, Re-licensing, or Change of Ownership situations, you must upgrade the property 
to meet our standards.  We will establish a deadline by which you must begin work on a project-
by-project basis.  Generally, you must complete the requisite upgrades for Change of Ownership 
situations within the timeframe we establish in the PIP.  In Conversion situations, we determine 
the commencement and completion deadlines according to your PIP.  We determine the 
deadlines for beginning and completing work for room additions on a project-by-project basis.  
If you operate an eforea spa, you must open the spa by the date we specify, which will generally 
be within 12 months after the date you sign the Spa Amendment. If you operate a restaurant or  
bar under a Restaurant Brand, you must open the restaurant or bar at the opening of your Hotel, 
or otherwise on a date that we specify, which will generally be within 12 months after you sign the 
Restaurant Brand Addendum. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location. There are no provisions in the 
standard Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not 
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that 
our affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The 
standard Franchise Agreement permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, or 
affiliate or associate with any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality 
industry or not, and whether under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and 
in any location. We and our affiliates have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if 
they compete with your Hotel, the Brand, System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or 
