 
 
 45 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
Consultant Approval Process 
 
For each of the above-described Food and Beverage, Lighting, and Audio Consultants, we do not 
maintain a list of pre-approved consultants or a list of approval criteria for franchisees unless 
otherwise stated above.  We review each proposed consultant based on several factors including: 
(1) the quality of their services; (2) an established history in serving the System or the hotel 
market; and (3) recognition by us and our franchisees for prior work done. There is no specific 
time period for approving or disapproving a consultant, however, we normally provide our 
approval or disapproval within about 30 to 60 days. Currently, we do not charge any fee for 
reviewing a proposed consultant, and we do not receive any revenue or other benefits from an 
approved consultant based on your use of their services (other than the StiR Creative Collective 
program described below). We may disapprove any consultant at any time in our discretion.   
 
StiR Creative Collective 
 
Hilton currently offers food and beverage consulting services under the StiR Creative Collective 
program (“StiR”). These services are optional. You are not required to participate in the StiR 
program. The specific consulting services that StiR offers may vary by the location and by the 
type of food and beverage outlets in your Hotel. These services may include, for example: (1) 
conducting a market study and preparing a feasibility report to identify opportunities and help you 
define the objectives of your Hotel’s food and beverage program; (2) developing a comprehensive 
food and beverage program proposing an identity and culinary direction for each food and 
beverage outlet in your Hotel; (3) developing names, logos, branding, and supporting collateral 
for each concept; and (4) consulting with you and your Hotel development project team to ensure 
that the architecture, interior design, kitchen and other back-of-house foodservice areas, lighting, 
sound, and other elements provide the intended operational ability and guest experience. In some 
cases, Hilton may also provide opening menus, recipes, training, and ongoing support after 
opening. You would need to sign a consulting agreement for these services. In each case the 
cost would vary, and would be agreed by you and Hilton based on the specific scope of services 
that you select.  By way of example, we anticipate that cost would be $65,000 to $175,000 for up 
to 2 food and beverage outlets (1 full-service restaurant and 1 other bar or limited-service outlet) 
in a Curio Brand hotel.   
Construction and Renovation 
 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for construction or remodeling of the Hotel, and 
any time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other 
applicable certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply 
with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities, as further described in the Manual. 
You may be required to complete an ADA Survey, in conjunction with an approved ADA consultant 
and in the form required by us, to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the ADA within 30 
days of our request. The process for completing the survey, and other requirements related to it, 
will be set forth in the Manual. If requested, you must arrange for us and/or our affiliates to 
participate in all progress meetings during the development of the Hotel, to have access to all 
contract and construction documents for the Hotel and to have access to the Hotel during 
reasonable business hours to inspect the hotel and its renovation, completion, furnishing and 
equipment for conformity to the finally-approved construction documents. However, we and our 
affiliates have no obligation to participate in progress meetings or to inspect the Hotel. Our 
approval is not a representation of the adequacy of the plans and specifications, the structural 
integrity, or the sufficiency of the mechanical and electrical systems for the Hotel. When you begin 
construction or conversion of the hotel and before your Hotel opens for business, both you and 
