 
 
 71 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
determinations of the US Patent and Trademark Office, Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or 
any court pertaining to or affecting any of the claimed copyrights discussed above. Finally, as of 
the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, neither we nor Trademark Owner are aware of 
any infringing uses of or superior prior rights to any of their claimed copyrights which could 
materially affect your use of them. 
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion to modify or discontinue the use of any 
current or future copyright and/or the use of one or more additional or substitute copyrights, you 
must comply with our instructions. We are not obligated to reimburse you for any costs, expenses 
or damages. 
Although the copyrights described above are claimed by Trademark Owner, as applicable, the 
copyrights may be transferred to another affiliate for administrative purposes periodically, and we 
will continue to have a license to use them in connection with the System in our franchise 
business. 
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the 
obligations for the Marks described in Item 13 of this Disclosure Document. 
All information that we provide to you, including but not limited to Personal Information, for your 
use in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. You may not use any 
such information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the Standards 
or otherwise.  All information we obtain from you or about your Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (including agreements relating 
to the computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other 
system(s) we provide or require), or otherwise related to your Hotel (“Information”), and all 
revenues we derive from the Information will also be our property (except for Information you 
provide with respect to yourself and any affiliates, including your or your affiliates’ respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners or members), which we may use for any reason as we 
consider necessary or appropriate, in our judgment, including making financial performance 
representations in our Franchise Disclosure Documents. At your own risk you may use 
Information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Hotel, such as customer data (but 
not including any such information obtained in connection with guest reservations or any loyalty 
or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates), at any time during or after the Term 
to the extent lawful and, but only in connection with operating your Hotel.  
You must abide by all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal 
information, including, without limitation, local, regional and national requirements applicable to 
your Hotel (“Privacy Laws”). In addition, you must comply with our standards and policies 
pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information, customer relationships and Privacy 
Laws. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must provide qualified and experienced management for the operation of your Hotel.  To 
fulfill this responsibility, your Hotel must be operated either by you or a third-party management 
company (“Management Company”) that we have approved. No other person or entity may 
operate the Hotel.   
