 
 
 51 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
(4) 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class, full-service hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do 
not approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional 
hotel management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least the first 
year of operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this 
requirement. 
(5) 
We will provide you with the applicable HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by 
HSS) before you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use 
the Reservation Service which is an integral part of the System we license to you (see 
Computer Requirements below.) 
(6) 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
(7) 
If you open an eforea spa with your Hotel, before your spa opens, we or one of our affiliates 
will provide you with the eforea design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite and 
spa menus (Spa Amendment, Section 4).  We will also loan to you a copy of the eforea 
spa Manual or provide you with electronic access to the eforea spa Manual on the Hilton 
Intranet resources library.  The eforea spa Manual is confidential and is the property of 
our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6).  The current Table of Contents of 
the eforea spa Manual is attached at Exhibit H-2.  We will also provide you with a list of 
approved suppliers and specifications for required operating equipment, products, 
supplies and furnishings in the spa. (Spa Amendment, Section 4). 
(8) 
If you open a restaurant or bar at a Hotel that uses a Restaurant Brand, before opening  
we or one of our affiliates will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
also consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar. (Restaurant 
Brand Amendment, Section 4). We will also loan to you a copy of the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines or provide you with electronic access to Restaurant Brand Guidelines on the 
Hilton intranet resources library. The Restaurant Brand Guidelines are confidential and 
the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). The current Table of 
Contents of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines is attached at Exhibit H-3. 
(8) 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials. You must also pay for travel, lodging and other expenses associated with 
training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
