 
 
 88 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
 
To calculate ADR we divided the sum of all rooms revenue by the sum of total room nights for all 
of the Comparable Conversion Hotels, in each period respectively. To calculate Occupancy rate 
we divided the sum of total room nights by the total available room nights for the Comparable 
Conversion Hotels, in each period respectively. To calculate RevPAR we divided the sum of all 
rooms revenue by the total available room nights for the Comparable Conversion Hotels 
(rounded), in each period respectively. Then, to calculate the percentage change between the 
Pre-Conversion Period and the Post-Conversion Period for each metric we subtracted the number 
in Column A from the number in Column B and divided that result by the number in Column A.   
 
During the Conversion Period: (a) 3 (18.8%) Franchisee-Managed Comparable Conversion 
Hotels met or exceeded the ADR; (b) 1 (6.3%) Company-Managed Comparable Conversion 
Hotels met or exceeded the ADR; (c) 4 (25.0%) Franchisee-Managed Comparable Conversion 
Hotels met or exceeded the Occupancy rate; (d) 3 (18.8%) Company-Managed Comparable 
Conversion Hotels met or exceeded the Occupancy rate; (e) 2 (12.5%) Franchisee-Managed 
Comparable Conversion Hotels met or exceeded RevPAR; and (f) 3 (18.8%) Company-Managed 
Comparable Conversion Hotels met or exceeded RevPAR.  
 
For the Comparable Conversion Hotels: (a) the ADR ranged from $97.72 to $421.55 in the Pre-
Conversion Period, and from $118.15 to $431.57 in the Post-Conversion Period; (b) the 
Occupancy rate ranged from 30.7% to 82.9% in the Pre-Conversion Period, and from 47.4% to 
82.3% in the Post-Conversion Period; and (c) the RevPAR ranged from $30.01 to $285.55 in the 
Pre-Conversion Period, and from $64.17 to $334.13 in the Pre-Conversion Period.   
 
In addition, for the Comparable Conversion Hotels: (a) the median ADR was $221.26 in the Pre-
Conversion Period, and $236.26 in the Post-Conversion Period (a change of +6.8%); (b) the 
median Occupancy rate was 65.3% in the Pre-Conversion Period, and 69.2% in the Post-
Conversion Period (a change of +6.1% (+4.0 pts rounded)); and (c) the median RevPAR was 
$143.35 in the Pre-Conversion Period, and $169.48 in the Post-Conversion Period (a change of 
+18.2%). 
 
Some of our franchisees have achieved the results in this analysis. Your individual results may 
differ. There is no assurance that you will achieve room rates or occupancy rates at the levels 
reflected in this analysis. 
 
We recommend that you consult your attorney, accountant, and other professional advisors 
before entering into any agreement with us, and conduct an assessment of the occupancy rates 
and room rates that you may achieve in your specific location to construct your own business plan 
and financial projections regarding sales, revenues, costs, customer base, and business 
development for your Hotel. There are independent firms that have experience in preparing 
market studies for hotels and appraising and evaluating hotel operations.  You may wish to obtain 
a market study from such a firm to help you project your potential sales, costs, income and profits. 
  
A hotel’s financial performance will be affected by a variety of factors including the following: the 
nature and extent of your competition; whether competitive hotels in your market are affiliated 
with any chains or other centralized reservation systems; the age and established customer base 
of competitive hotels; the in-room and common area facilities and amenities of your Hotel versus 
competitive hotels; whether your geographic area has a greater or lesser demand for hotel 
accommodations, which can turn on a number of factors; the frequency of business travel to/from 
your geographic area; whether your Hotel is situated at or near an airport; whether your Hotel is 
situated close to or remote from a central business district;  whether your Hotel is situated in a 
