 
 
 73 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes with the System or any Network 
Hotel. 
 
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed 
ownership of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required 
guarantor, who may include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the franchisee, must sign a 
Guaranty, by which the guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services.  
In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, 
amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection with 
the hotel.  You must comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications 
for all supplies and our policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies. High 
standards are the essence of the System we license to you. 
You must operate the hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances.  If you are operating an eforea spa, you must comply with the minimum 
hours of operation for the spa that we may specify. If you are operating a restaurant or bar under 
a Restaurant Brand, you must offer and sell the type and quality of food products that we specify, 
and operate the restaurant or bar for all required meal periods we may specify (breakfast, lunch, 
dinner, other). You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip the Hotel, any eforea spa, and any 
restaurant or bar in the Hotel, in a clean, safe and orderly manner and in first-class condition 
under the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and the Standards, and in compliance with all 
applicable local, state, and federal laws, customs and regulations, including maintaining and 
conducting your business using sound business and financial practices.  You must adopt, use 
and comply with the Standards, and keep your Manual current at all times.  You must also provide 
efficient, courteous and high-quality service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms or suites set forth in the 
Addendum to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes 
in structure, design or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval.  You may not offer 
products or services unless and until they have been approved by us.  Minor redecoration and 
minor structural changes that comply with our standards and specifications will not be considered 
significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as restaurants, 
lounges, recreational facilities (swimming pool, whirlpool, exercise room, sauna, etc.), meeting 
and function space, gift shops and other concessions, parking facilities, guest laundry, and 
housekeeping services. As described in Item 8, we may develop promotional programs with third-
party companies that feature those companies’ branded products or services, and we may require 
