 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 
2 
2025 EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
(e) 
The following term is added to the defined terms in Section 1: 
“Gross Spa Revenue” means all revenue from services and retail sales of products from 
the eforea spa, less amounts for spa rebates and overcharges, but does not include any 
sales or other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenue derived from 
food and beverage sales from the eforea spa.   
3. 
Grant of Non-Exclusive License.  We and you acknowledge that in executing this 
Amendment, and modifying certain of the defined terms in the Franchise Agreement during the term of 
this Amendment, we are granting to you and you are accepting a limited, non-exclusive license to operate 
a spa on the Hotel Site using the eforea name and other indicia of an eforea spa during the Term 
applicable to the eforea spa, and you are agreeing to comply with all Standards that have been and are in 
the future developed by us for use in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, 
appearance, equipment, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of eforea spas.   
4. 
Our Responsibilities.  Subsection 4.4 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by the 
addition of the following new Subsection: 
4.4.8 Spa.  We will provide you with (i) a sample layout for the interior of a typical eforea 
spa, and specifications we have approved related to the design and construction of the 
spa, (ii) a collateral suite to support the operation of your Spa, and (iii) a periodic list of ay 
approved suppliers and specifications for any required operating equipment, products, 
supplies and furnishings in the spa. As and when we determine, we may provide the 
services of a Spa Performance Director to periodically provide you with suggestions for 
the improvement of your spa’s operations.   
5. 
Trade Name, Use of the Marks.  Subsection 9.2.1 of the Franchise Agreement is 
amended by the addition of the following sentence after the first sentence: 
The spa operated at the Hotel Site as a part of the Hotel will be known by the Trade Name 
“eforea,” unless otherwise approved, or changed by us.   
6. 
Additional Operational and Other Requirements.   
(a) 
Subsection 5.1.1 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
5.1.1  after the Opening Date, operate the Hotel twenty-four (24) hours a day; provided, 
however, you will operate the eforea spa for those days of the week and hours of the day 
that we may periodically establish; 
(b) 
Subsection 5.1.27 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by deleting the word 
“and” after the semicolon,  
(c) 
Subsection 5.1.28 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by changing the 
period to a semicolon and adding the following subparagraphs: 
5.1.29 the Opening Date for the eforea spa must be within twelve (12) months of the 
Effective Date of the eforea Amendment;  
5.1.30 after the Opening Date, operate the eforea spa for those days of the week and 
hours of the day as we may establish;  
5.1.31 you must display all material, including brochures and promotional materials we 
provide for eforea spas, and allow advertising and promotion of eforea spas on your 
