 
 
 70 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Our license from Trademark Owner includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating 
to the Brand (as well as eforea spa and/or a Restaurant Brand as applicable) in the US. You may 
use this intellectual property only in connection with the System and only in the manner we 
designate, as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. If applicable, you may use 
the intellectual property related to the eforea Brand only so long as you are operating an eforea 
spa. If applicable, you may use the intellectual property related to a licensed Restaurant Brand 
only so long as you are operating the restaurant or bar that we have approved to utilize that 
Restaurant Brand. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other 
intellectual property owned by any of our affiliates. 
Neither we nor Trademark Owner own any rights in or licenses to any patents or registered 
copyrights nor have any pending patent applications material to our franchise business. The 
proprietary information of Trademark Owner, which has been licensed to us, consists of the 
Manual and all other information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, 
specifications, procedures, information, systems and knowledge of and experience in the 
development, operation, marketing and licensing of the System (“Proprietary Information”). You 
must treat the Proprietary Information as confidential. You must adopt and implement all 
reasonable procedures we may periodically establish to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure 
of the Proprietary Information, including restrictions on disclosure to your employees and the use 
of non-disclosure and non-competition clauses in agreements with your employees, agents and 
independent contractors who have access to the Proprietary Information.  
The Standards, as compiled in the Manual or set out in the Franchise Agreement or otherwise, 
set forth our requirements and recommended practices and procedures regarding the 
specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies for design, construction, renovation, 
refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotel operations and 
for hotel identification, advertising and accounting. Although neither we, nor Trademark Owner, 
nor any predecessor of either of us, have filed an application for a copyright registration for the 
Manual, we and Trademark Owner claim copyrights and the information is proprietary. You must 
comply with our requirements concerning confidentiality of the Manual. You may not copy or 
distribute any part of the Manual to anyone who is not affiliated with the System. You must 
promptly notify us, in writing, when you learn of any unauthorized use of our Proprietary 
Information. We will respond as we think appropriate. We are not, however, obligated to 
participate in your defense or indemnify you for damages or expenses if you are a party to a 
proceeding involving the copyright on the Manual. Items 11 and 15 of this Disclosure Document 
further describe the limitations on the use of the Manual by you and your employees. 
Although neither HIH nor any predecessor has filed an application for copyright registration for 
the Hilton OnQ software, which includes OnQ (formerly System 21) and other Hilton systems 
(namely the Revenue and Customer Relationship Management Systems), HIH claims copyrights 
and the information is Proprietary Information. You may not copy or distribute any of the OnQ 
software, and you must notify us of any unauthorized use of the OnQ software or any other Hilton 
systems.  
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any of 
Trademark Owner’s claimed copyrighted materials. Also, there are no currently effective 
