 
 
 75 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
sales or marketing at any property that you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so 
long as you do not use any of the Marks in these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its 
facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, marketing efforts or business operations.  
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, 
conference center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason.  If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our 
Network (which is also franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign 
the Shared Facilities Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure 
Document. You are not allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any 
tenant-in-common interest in the hotel or the hotel site, other than a Transfer that is otherwise a 
Permitted Transfer, without our express permission, which we may withhold for any reason.  If we 
permit you to share your business operation or engage in a tenant-in-common syndication or 
transfer, you must comply with any terms that we require as a condition to our approval. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements 
pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution.  You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of 
the month 23 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining 
Term under the existing franchise agreement, or such other 
term as we may approve. 
Spa Amendment §2(a) 
eforea spa: expires on the earlier of: (i) the termination of 
the Spa Amendment; or (ii) the expiration or termination of 
the Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §2(a) 
 
Restaurant Brand: expires on the earlier of: (i) the 
termination of the Restaurant Brand Amendment; or (ii) the 
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement and will automatically terminate on 
the termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of the 
term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew 
or extend the HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to renew 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we 
agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
