 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
due when you sign the Spa Amendment and is nonrefundable.  We will provide you with eforea 
design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite, spa menus, and access to required training 
provided by suppliers. After your Hotel opens, you may either manage the spa yourself or retain 
the services of another spa management company approved by us.  If you install an alternate spa 
concept, you must enter into an agreement with a third-party spa management company we 
approve to provide consulting services to you in connection with the spa, including spa build-out 
and design, planning and concept development, business model creation, IT, construction and 
technical services, equipment selection and procurement, operational guidelines, menu 
development, and sales and marketing services.  
5. 
If you wish to utilize a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The initial fee is due when you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and is nonrefundable. We will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu 
templates, design and visual identity guides, supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar.  After your Hotel opens, 
your restaurant or bar may be managed either by you or a third-party management company that 
we approve. Your restaurant or bar must meet our Standards and specifications at all times, 
including those under the Restaurant Brand Guidelines and those that apply to food and beverage 
operations generally under the Brand Standards. 
6. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for 
the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend you 
purchase these items from HSM or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
If you choose to buy from HSM, it will invoice you for the cost of the products plus freight, sales 
tax and other actual costs, plus a procurement fee that ranges 4% to 10% of the cost of the 
product.  HSM may offer you a payment plan.  These payment plans are agreed with each 
franchisee individually based on the type of project, and specifically customized to the project’s 
scope of work and overall timeline. Payment dates are also based on the project’s timeline. The 
interest rate for late payments is 18.5% per year, compounded daily. Change orders must be paid 
in full, either in advance or with the next installment due. 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
General
Monthly Royalty 
Fee 
5% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue.  
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
See Note 1. 
Monthly Spa 
Royalty Fee 
2% of Gross Spa 
Revenue. 
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
Payable only if Eforea Spa 
Amendment is in effect.  See Note 1. 
Monthly Program 
Fee 
4% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue. 
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
We may change the Monthly Program 
Fee. See Notes 1 and 2. 
