 
 
 41 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and does not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
$1,101,161,898 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below). 
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
Except as discussed below, you may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment ("FF&E") 
and other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met.  However, 
in the future, we may require you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, 
or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is 
available only from one source, and we may derive profit as a result of those purchases. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you must sell all the products we specify and perform the spa 
treatments we require. If you are opening a spa under a concept other than eforea, you must use 
an approved third-party management company. We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
manufacturers and suppliers in the form of administrative fees and rebates as described in this 
Item 8, and from any third-party that we approve to provide products or services to your spa.  
If you utilize a Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant or bar at your Hotel, you must 
offer the types and quality of food and beverage menu items that we require. We may require that 
you offer specific menu items and use specific recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, or cooking 
methods. We may also disapprove any menu item that you propose if we determine that it is 
inconsistent with the Restaurant Brand identity, concept, or theme. We do not place any additional 
restrictions on your sources of supplies for the restaurants, other than those that apply to 
restaurants and food and beverage outlets under the Brand Standards generally (including any 
that may apply to room service, catering, and other services). We and our affiliates may derive 
revenue from suppliers as described in this Item 8. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.   
