 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 
1 
2025 EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
THIS EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Amendment”) is made and 
entered into by and between HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(“we,” “us,” or “our”) and the franchisee entity (“you,” or “your”) set forth in the Addendum attached to the 
franchise agreement dated [INSERT DATE] (“Franchise Agreement”) as of [INSERT DATE] (“Effective 
Date”). 
WHEREAS, the Franchise Agreement permits you to operate the Hotel as a [INSERT] Brand 
hotel (“Hotel”); you have applied to operate an eforea spa (“eforea spa”) in connection with the operation 
of the Hotel; we are willing to accept such application and grant a license to you to use the Brand in the 
operation of an eforea spa at the Hotel Site pursuant to the Franchise Agreement as amended by this 
Amendment. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are 
acknowledged, we and you agree as follows: 
1. 
Terms.  Capitalized terms in this Amendment have the meaning set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, unless amended pursuant to Section 2 below.   
2. 
Changes to Certain Defined Terms.  Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended 
as follows: 
(a) 
The following defined terms in Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement are deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
“Hotel” means the property you will operate under this Agreement and includes all 
structures, facilities, appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, exit, parking 
and other areas located on the Hotel Site we have approved for your business, including 
an eforea spa, located on any land we approve in the future for additions, signs, parking 
or other facilities.   
“Brand” means with respect to the Hotel, the brand name set forth in the Addendum, and 
the brand name “eforea” with respect to the spa to be operated hereunder.   
“Term” means the period from the Effective Date through the expiration of this 
Agreement on the date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the 
terms of this Agreement.  The Term for the operation of your eforea spa shall expire on 
the earlier of: (i) the termination of the eforea spa Amendment to this Agreement or 
(ii) the expiration or termination of this Agreement.   
“Opening Date” means the day on which we authorize you to make available the 
facilities, guestrooms or services of the Hotel to the general public under the Brand.  
However, the “Opening Date” as it relates to the eforea spa, shall mean the day on which 
we authorize you to make available the spa’s services to the general public.   
“Trade Name” means the name of the Hotel set forth in the Addendum, and with respect 
to the operation of the spa in connection with the Hotel, the name “eforea.” 
(b) 
The definition of “Manual” is amended to include the eforea Spa Operating 
Standards Manual.    
(c) 
The definition of “Standards” is amended to include application to eforea spas 
licensed by us.   
(d) 
The definition of “System” is amended to include the elements that we designate 
to distinguish spas operating under the “eforea” name, including know-how.   
