 
 
 38 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
7. 
This is an estimate for the total cost of furnishing a Brand hotel in the size shown. The 
cost of furniture, fixtures and equipment will depend on the number and type of guest rooms (for 
example, double rooms versus king rooms), the extent of the food and beverage service offered, 
restaurants, lounges and supporting facilities.  Estimates for new hotels include the cost of 
furniture, fixtures and equipment for guest rooms, corridors, all public areas, kitchen equipment, 
laundry equipment, and telephone systems.  If you are converting an existing hotel, your costs 
will most likely be lower, but you must conform guest rooms, public areas, the exterior, and all 
other areas to our Brand Standards.  
8. 
Inventory includes food and beverages and other immediately consumable items such as 
fuel, soap, cleansing material, matches, stationery and similar items.  Operating equipment 
includes such items as chinaware, glassware, linens, silverware and uniforms. 
9. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. This estimated 
cost includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain 
signage displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance 
with plans, specifications and standards we establish for System Hotels. For Conversions, new 
freestanding signs and primary identification for the building may not be required.  You must 
purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a 
current list.  
10. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer 
systems, including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO system, Delphi 
Sales and Events system, Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, 
and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. The estimated costs to acquire and install each of these 
systems are shown totaled here together, other than the Guest Internet Access system, the 
Connected Room System and the Delphi Sales and Events system, which are listed separately. 
The amounts shown here may be different than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the 
amounts shown here also include costs that are payable to third parties. The operating costs 
during the initial period are included in the Additional Funds line in this table. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details.   
 
11. 
We will provide the required training programs required under the terms set forth described 
in Items 5 and 11 of this Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training 
materials, and travel and living expenses while training.  We may charge additional training costs 
based on the number of personnel that require training.   
12. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the hotel, we may require you to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with the ADA.  
13. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work 
must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a 
further extension of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense.  This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name 
as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and 
notice requirements we specify in the Manual.  Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of 
location, size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
