 
 
 76 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement
Summary 
or extend 
asked to sign a contract with materially different terms and 
conditions from the original Franchise Agreement, and you 
must comply with any PIP performance conditions that we 
specify. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew 
or extend, but if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-
license, you may be asked to sign a new HITS Agreement 
with materially different terms and conditions from the 
original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise 
Agreement before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally 
terminate the Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a 
material breach of the Franchise Agreement, and you must 
pay to us, on demand, Liquidated Damages, or we may 
seek to recover actual damages in certain circumstances. 
Spa Amendment §9 
If you terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to 
operate the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §9 
 
If you terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to use 
the designated Restaurant Brand will automatically 
terminate. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §11.1 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent 
domain, and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on 
notice to you, and will release you from the obligation to pay 
Liquidated Damages. 
FA §11.2 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force 
Majeure.  If the casualty requires closing of the hotel, you 
may choose to repair or rebuild according to the Standards 
provided that the hotel reopens no later than 18 months 
after the closing.  If you elect not to repair or rebuild the 
hotel after a condemnation or casualty to the hotel, we may 
terminate the franchise agreement on notice to you.  We will 
release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated Damages 
as long as you and your Affiliates do not own or operate a 
hotel at the site under a lease, license or franchise with a 
Competitor within 3 years after the termination. 
Spa Amendment §9 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to 
operate the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §9 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to use 
the designated Restaurant Brand will automatically 
terminate. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement that allows you to operate the hotel, we can 
terminate the HITS Agreement. 
