 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 
4 
2025 EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
(c) 
make any specified changes to the Hotel and the Hotel Site as we may 
reasonably require for the purpose of de-identifying your spa, which will include removal of the signs, 
custom decorations and promotional materials related to the operation of an eforea spa;  
(d) 
cease representing yourself or the Hotel as then or formerly operating a spa as 
an eforea spa;  
(e) 
return all copies of the eforea Spa Operations Standards Manual to us; and 
(f) 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of the 
eforea name in connection with the operation of a spa at the Hotel, and irrevocably assign and transfer to 
us (or to our designees) all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations 
that contain any reference to the eforea name, all to the same extent as would be required under 
Subparagraphs 13.6.6 and 13.6.7 of the Franchise Agreement on termination of that agreement.   
11. 
Representations and Warranties.  Subsection 16.11.1 of the Franchise Agreement is 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:   
16.11.1 you have independently investigated the risks of operating the Hotel and a spa 
under the Brand, including current and potential market conditions and competitive 
factors and risks, and have made an independent evaluation of all such matters and 
reviewed our Franchise Disclosure Document, if applicable.   
12. 
Original Document.  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
and delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   
13. 
Authority.  Franchisee represents and warrants that the individual signing this 
Amendment on its behalf has the necessary authority and legal capacity to execute this instrument and 
represent Franchisee.   
14. 
Effect.  The terms of this Amendment are expressly made subject to and are governed by 
the Franchise Agreement.  Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Franchise Agreement 
shall continue in full force and effect.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement and this Amendment, this Amendment shall control.   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as indicated below to take 
effect as of the Effective Date. 
FRANCHISEE:  
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY], a  
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
[INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
 
 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:   
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed:  
 
 
 
 
 
Executed:  
 
 
 
 
 
