 
 
 65 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
our affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come 
under common ownership with, affiliate or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) 
use or license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or 
personnel used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the 
Brand, and the Marks in the Other Businesses. You acknowledge and agree that you have no 
rights to, and will not make any claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or 
related to any of the foregoing activities, and you acknowledge and agree that such activities will 
not give rise to any liability on our part, including, but not limited to, liability for claims for unfair 
competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, or divided loyalty. “Other Businesses” means any business activity we or our affiliates 
engage in, other than the licensing of your Hotel.   
We may, however, agree to give franchisees certain specific territorial restrictions (“Restricted 
Area Provision”) for an area surrounding the franchised hotel and encompassing the immediate 
competitive market for the hotel as may be agreed on by the parties (“Restricted Area”).  If we 
agree to give you a Restricted Area Provision for your New Development or Conversion, it will 
normally be for an agreed-on time period, which is shorter than the term of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Restrictive Period”).  We will not normally grant a Restricted Area Provision for a 
Change of Ownership or Re-licensing, although we will occasionally do so under certain unique 
circumstances.   
Additionally, if we grant a Restricted Area Provision, it will not apply to your Restaurant Brand 
restaurant or bar. The following discussion applies where we agree to give you a Restricted Area 
Provision in your Franchise Agreement: 
1. 
Restricted Area.  The boundaries of the Restricted Area will normally depend on the 
relevant market in the immediate area and competitive circumstances in the relevant 
market when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The boundaries will vary in size and 
shape from hotel to hotel.  Boundaries are not delineated according to any standard 
formula, but may be delineated in various ways, including references to cities, metropolitan 
areas, counties or other political subdivisions, references to streets or highways, or 
references to an area encompassed within a radius of specified distance from the front 
door of the hotel.  
2. 
Restricted Area Provision.  The Restricted Area Provision will typically restrict us and 
our affiliates from operating, or authorizing someone else to operate, another Brand hotel 
during the Restrictive Period and within the Restricted Area (except as described in 
Paragraph 3 below).  In the Restricted Area Provision, the term ‘Brand’ means the name 
used to identify the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and Standards.  
It excludes any other brands or product lines containing “Curio” in the name.  It also 
excludes Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., its affiliates, and other chains of hotels that 
include the word "Hilton" as part of their brand name (such as "Hilton Garden Inn," 
"DoubleTree by Hilton" or "Homewood Suites by Hilton"). 
3. 
Exclusions from the Restricted Area Provision: The Restricted Area Provision will 
generally not apply to: (a) any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction 
or has been approved for development or opening as a Brand hotel as of the Effective 
Date, or any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area that replaces such 
hotel under the Brand; (b) hotels or motels under brands other than the Brand; (c) hotels 
