 
 
 44 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
Hotel Identity and Positioning Consultant 
We may require you to use an independent third-party consultant (an “Identity Consultant”) that 
has been approved by us to consult with you on the Trade Name, visual identity, and strategic 
brand positioning of your Hotel and all related designs, concepts, themes, ethos, and elements.  In 
that event, you may not use an Identity Consultant that we have not approved.  The estimated 
cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. We may maintain a list of 
approved Identity Consultants that you can choose from, or you may propose an Identity 
Consultant for our approval. We will consider approving any an Identity Consultant that you 
propose for your Hotel.   
Food and Beverage Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and 
Beverage Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage 
outlet concepts. In that event, you may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have 
not approved. Your Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, 
name and logo, menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and 
equipment, linens, lighting coordination with an approved Lighting Consultant, sound system 
coordination with an approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other 
elements of the operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets.  Your 
Food and Beverage Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage 
outlets are appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant 
Brand (described above) or to hire Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the 
StiR Creative Collective program (described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the 
applicable food and beverage outlets. The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above. 
 
Lighting Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party lighting consultant (“Lighting Consultant”) 
to develop the lighting design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. In that event, you may 
not use a Lighting Consultant that we have not approved. The Lighting Consultant is responsible 
for creating a lighting concept that delivers a Brand-appropriate experience consistent with your 
Hotel’s market positioning, food and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Lighting 
Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your lighting plans are appropriate and meet 
our Standards. The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above.  
 
Audio Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party acoustic or sound consultant (“Audio 
Consultant”) to develop the acoustic and sound design for all public areas of your Hotel. In that 
event, you may not use an Audio Consultant that we have not approved. The Audio Consultant is 
responsible for creating a plan for sound management and guest audio experience that delivers 
a Brand-appropriate experience consistent with you Hotel’s concept or theme, market positioning, 
food and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Audio Consultant must cooperate with us 
to ensure that your acoustic and sound design plans are appropriate and meet our Standards.  
The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. 
 
