 
 
 53 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
the number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening 
will cost $700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICs’ travel expenses. If the delay 
results in the departure and re-scheduling of the SICs’ on-site service period, a $2,000 re-
scheduling fee would be charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not 
refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11).   
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on 
HPMS software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware 
and you must pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost 
varies based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. In 2024, these fees ranged from 
$2,422 to $6,815 per month ($29,064 and $81,780 per year). These fees are not refundable (see 
HITS Agreement, Schedule B-2). 
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 
3 years or such longer period as we may designate.  We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the 
original installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation 
only).     
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system.  There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information.  We may 
change the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are 
made to the architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may 
require (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).   
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms, meeting rooms, and public spaces at your 
Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”) (Franchise Agreement, 
Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called 
“StayConnected.” You must install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and 
subscribe to an internet access service to meet this requirement.  
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software. The hardware and software for Guest Internet 
Access will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to 
the hardware and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone 
lines, network connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the vendors who perform the installation and configuration services.  We estimate that it will 
cost between $120,055 and $175,450 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, 
and certain other costs and fees, excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation. 
Guest Internet Access Circuit.  You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications, and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You 
must arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required connection locally. The cost 
will depend on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate 
that these together will cost between $1,500 and $5,500 per month ($18,000 to $66,000 per year). 
These fees are normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service.  You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet 
Access service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider.  The cost will depend 
