{00264795-17} 
35 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
16.6 
Consent; Business Judgment. 
 
16.6.1 Wherever our consent or approval is required in this Agreement, unless the 
provision specifically indicates otherwise, we have the right to withhold our approval at our option, in our 
business judgment, taking into consideration our assessment of the long-term interests of the System 
overall.  We may withhold any and all consents or approvals required by this Agreement if you are in default 
or breach of this Agreement. Our approvals and consents will not be effective unless given in writing and 
signed by one of our duly authorized representatives.   
 
16.6.2 You agree not to make a claim for money damages based on any allegation that 
we have unreasonably withheld or delayed any consent or approval to a proposed act by you under the 
terms of this Agreement.  You also may not claim damages by way of set-off, counterclaim or defense for 
our withholding of consent.  Your sole remedy for the claim will be an action or proceeding to enforce the 
provisions of this Agreement by specific performance or by declaratory judgment.   
 
16.7 
Notices.  All notices under this Agreement must be in writing. 
 
16.7.1 Principal Legal Correspondent (“PLC”). You must designate a single Person to 
be your duly authorized representative to issue and receive notices as described in Subsection 16.7.2. Your 
designee will be your PLC under this Agreement. You may have only one PLC. The notice address for your 
PLC may not be a P.O. Box, and the notice address for your PLC may not be the same as the Hotel address. 
The notice address for your PLC will be set forth initially on the Addendum to this Agreement. If you want 
to change the person designated as your PLC, or the address or email for notice to your PLC, you may do 
so at any time by sending a notice to us in accordance with Subsection 16.7.3 or as otherwise directed by 
us.  
 
16.7.2 Notices of Default and Termination, or Threatened Litigation. Any notice from 
you or from us declaring default of a provision of this Agreement, or potential or final termination of this 
Agreement, must be delivered in person, or by prepaid overnight courier delivery service, or by prepaid 
overnight United States mail, or by prepaid certified United States mail, return-receipt requested, if overnight 
delivery is not available to the notice address. We will send notices under this Subsection only to your PLC. 
You must send notices to us under this Subsection as follows: Hilton Franchise Holding LLC, Attention: 
General Counsel, 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, VA 22102. Notice sent under this 
Subsection will be deemed effective on the earlier of:  (a) receipt, or first refusal of delivery; (b) one (1) day 
after posting, if sent by overnight commercial delivery service or overnight United States Mail; or (c) three 
(3) days after placement in United States certified mail, return receipt requested. 
 
16.7.3 Other Notices: If a Party wishes to send a notice to the other Party regarding any 
issue other than those issues specified in Subsection 16.7.2, the Party may send the notice by any method 
described in Subsection 16.7.2, or by email. You may send notices under this Subsection to us to: 
Legal.Development@hilton.com or such other email address as we may periodically designate by notice to 
you. You may periodically designate additional Persons to receive other types of notices from us by the 
methods we periodically specify. We may send notices to you under this Subsection to the email address 
designated for your PLC, or to the email address for other persons you designate for these notices. 
 
16.8 
General Release.  With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the 
franchise disclosure document for the Brand, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of, as applicable, your 
officers, directors, managers, employees, heirs, administrators, executors, agents and representatives and 
their respective successors and assigns hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge us and our 
Affiliates and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, representatives 
and their respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, causes of action, suits, rights, 
debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, promises, warranties, judgments, 
executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, whether known or unknown at this time, of any kind 
or nature, absolute or contingent, existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or thing 
