Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 8 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
shall not be liable to Franchisee for taking any action or providing any information required or 
contemplated by this letter agreement. 
 
10. 
Management.  Any change to the management company for the Hotel (“Management”) 
made by Lender or a receiver before an Assumption is subject to Franchisor’s prior written approval. 
Franchisor will use its business judgment in determining whether to approve the new Management. After 
an Assumption, the terms of the Franchise Agreement will govern with respect to Management, provided, 
however, Lender shall not be bound by any requirements of the Franchise Agreement to manage the 
Hotel itself. 
 
11. 
Subordination.  Franchisor acknowledges and agrees that the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that it creates any interest in the Hotel, is and shall be subordinate to the mortgage or deed of 
trust of Lender placed or to be placed on the Hotel in accordance with the terms of the Loan.   
 
12. 
Collateral Assignment. If the Franchise Agreement is being pledged by Franchisee to 
Lender as security for Franchisee’s obligations to Lender under the Loan, issuance of this letter 
agreement evidences Franchisor’s consent to the collateral assignment.  Lender’s rights in connection 
with the Franchise Agreement are governed by the terms and conditions in this letter agreement. 
 
13. 
Execution.   This letter agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original. The parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means which will be 
initiated by Franchisor.  An authorized representative of Franchisor will countersign on behalf of 
Franchisor when all conditions are fulfilled.   
 
14. 
Effectiveness and Termination.  This letter agreement will be effective only when 
Franchisor receives signatures indicating acceptance by Lender and Franchisee and Franchisor’s 
authorized representative countersigns on the signature page.  If Franchisor does not receive signed 
copies from Lender and Franchisee within thirty (30) days from the date indicated on the first page of this 
letter agreement, Franchisor’s offer to enter into this letter agreement may be withdrawn.  Once effective, 
this letter agreement will automatically terminate if (a) Lender no longer has a security interest in the 
Hotel or the Loan is paid in full, (b) Lender transfers the Loan to another entity unless this letter 
agreement is assigned in compliance with its terms, (c) Lender materially breaches this letter agreement, 
(d) Lender has been taken over in any manner by any state or federal agency, (e) Franchisee transfers 
the Franchise Agreement and the transfer results in a new franchise agreement being entered, or 
(f) Franchisor terminates the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms of this letter agreement. 
 
15. 
General.  No entity may exercise any rights as Lender under this letter agreement if the 
entity or any affiliate is or becomes the owner of a direct or indirect beneficial interest (except a strictly 
passive interest) in Franchisee, other than through the exercise of rights under the Loan.  The provisions 
of this letter agreement are applicable only for the Hotel and the parties to this letter agreement. Issuance 
and execution of this letter agreement or the granting of any conditions provided in this letter agreement 
does not constitute an obligation on Franchisor’s part to provide the same at any future date. This letter 
agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties to this letter agreement in regard to the matters 
addressed in this letter agreement.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this letter agreement shall 
have the meanings assigned to the term in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
