 
 
 68 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks.  The Marks include 
the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, 
symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System. If you open an eforea branded spa and sign the Spa 
Amendment, the Marks will include the eforea trademarks and service marks during the term of 
the Spa Amendment. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one of the Restaurant 
Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the applicable 
Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
EFOREA 
3952726 
April 26, 2011 
EFOREA butterfly design (design) 
3952727 
April 26, 2011 
 
Our affiliate, Hilton International Holding USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“HIHUSA”), 
holds the rights to the following trademarks and service marks, which are registered on the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
CURIO 
5100741 
December 13, 2016 
 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2.  
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH and HIHUSA (collectively, “Trademark Owner”) 
which grants us the right to use the Marks in connection with the System in the US.  The term of 
the license agreement between us and Trademark Owner continues indefinitely so long as each 
party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. Trademark Owner has certain enforcement 
rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to terminate the license 
agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the license agreement. 
These enforcement rights or any other rights of Trademark Owner to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the eforea trademarks and the Restaurant Brands trademarks, as long as the Spa Amendment 
or the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect, respectively).   
 
In the future, Trademark Owner may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other 
affiliates in connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative 
purposes periodically. If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not 
be disturbed. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks 
owned by our affiliates. 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. We may designate additional Marks, 
