 
 
 50 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CURIO 
franchisees in the US; implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our 
behalf, discharging all duties we owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the 
US.  
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under 
the terms of your Franchise Agreement.  If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may 
be replaced as the franchise service provider.  However, as the Franchisor, we will always be 
responsible for fulfilling all our duties and obligations under your Franchise Agreement. 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open 
your Hotel:  
(1) 
We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the 
Manual on the Curio Intranet resources library.  The Manual is confidential and is the 
property of our affiliate, Hilton International Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“HIH”) (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5).  References to the Manual include 
the Standards, which include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and 
policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you 
in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, and 
for hotel advertising and accounting, whether in the Manual or the Franchise Agreement 
or other written communication (Franchise Agreement, Sections 1.0 and 4.5). The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you in the Manual or other written communication.  You may, in your 
sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or procedures 
might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site. The current table of contents of the Manual is 
attached as Exhibit H-1. 
 
(2) 
Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
 
(3) 
Plans and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the PIP.  Before we 
approve your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must certify to us that the 
Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities.  You shall not 
commence any Renovation Work unless and until we have issued our written consent in 
respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Once 
we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may be made to the 
Plans or Designs without our prior written consent. By consenting to the Plans and Designs 
or any changes or modifications to the Plans and Designs, we do not warrant the depth of 
our analysis or assume any responsibility or liability for the suitability of the Plans and 
Designs or the resulting Renovation Work. On completion of the Renovation Work and, 
as a condition to our authorization to open the Hotel under the Brand, your architect, 
general contractor or other certified professional must provide us with a certificate stating 
that the as-built premises comply with all laws relating to accessibility for those with 
disabilities.  Consenting to the opening of the Hotel is within our sole business discretion 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2., 6.1.3, 6.1.4 and 6.1.5). 
