Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 5 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.  
Attention:  General Counsel 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 
McLean, VA  22102 
 
If Lender wishes to send a notice to Franchisor regarding securitizations, Lender may send the notice by 
any 
method 
described 
above, 
or 
by 
email 
(with 
read 
receipt 
confirmation) 
at 
Lender.Comfort.Letters@hilton.com or such other email address as Franchisor may periodically 
designate by notice to Lender.   
 
4. 
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure.  The provisions of this letter agreement shall not 
be disclosed by Lender or Franchisee to any third party, excepting (a) the respective employees, 
directors, officers, agents, regulators or legal and financial representatives of each of Franchisee, Lender 
and Lender’s servicers, trustees and certificate holders, on a need-to-know basis; (b) as required by law; 
(c) as mutually agreed to by the parties; (d) as part of any due diligence performed as a part of a sale, 
assignment, participation or securitization of the Loan by Lender or a sale of the Hotel after an 
Acquisition; (e) any investor or potential investor in, or underwriter of, the Loan; and/or (f) any rating 
agency that rates securities backed by the Loan. Except as provided above, Franchisee and Lender 
agree not to copy, reproduce or otherwise make available in any form whatsoever to any other person, 
firm, corporation, or business, the provisions of this letter agreement. 
 
5. 
Franchisee Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating 
to the Loan: 
 
(a) 
Franchisee hereby certifies to Franchisor that the Franchise Agreement is in full 
force and effect, and no default, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or 
estoppel (collectively, a “Claim”), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise 
become a Claim, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement [IF 
APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter]. 
 
(b) 
[IF APPLICABLE: Franchisee hereby represents that the loan referenced in the 
Existing Comfort Letter has been paid in full [DELETE FIRST CLAUSE IF LOAN IS BEING ASSUMED] 
and agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force and effect, and 
Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter.] 
 
(c) 
Franchisee hereby agrees that this letter agreement will remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented, or restated. 
 
(d) 
Franchisee hereby agrees that this letter agreement was provided to Lender at 
Franchisee’s request. 
 
(e) 
Franchisee hereby fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to 
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Franchisor, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of 
their respective former and present officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, 
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, alter egos, representatives, agents, and attorneys (collectively, the 
“Released Parties”), from any and all Claims, demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of 
action, obligations, controversies, debts, costs, attorney’s fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, 
and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity, or otherwise, whether now known or suspected 
which have existed, may or do exist (“Released Claims”), based on any facts, events, or omissions 
occurring before the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate in 
any way to the Franchise Agreement [IF APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter ]. Franchisee 
acknowledges that it may hereafter discover Claims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in 
