and for coordinating arrangements of the same between the lessor or operations manager and
the distributor/supplier.

       The list of Proprietary Products and custom-designed Equipment can change in the future.
You also are required to pay for and participate in our current programs for evaluation and
improvement in Safety/Cleanliness and Customer Satisfaction. Food Safety audits are conducted
by Ecosure, an independent food safety audit division of Ecolab Inc. Customer Satisfaction is
evaluated by Service Management Group, LLC. (through customer surveys) and Ipsos-Insight,
LLC. (through mystery shopper services). Current charges for these programs are included in
Item 6 of this Disclosure Document, but they can change.

        You must notify us in writing if you wish to buy or use any not yet approved items or
suppliers. You will submit to us the information, specifications, and samples we request and pre-
pay any reasonable charges connected with our review and evaluation of any proposal. We are
not required to reveal recipes, specifications and/or formulas for Proprietary Products or
specifications for custom-designed Equipment. We will notify you within a reasonable time
(generally within 8 weeks) whether or not you are authorized to purchase or use the proposed
items or deal with the proposed supplier. We can condition and/or revoke our approval of
particular items or suppliers. Our criteria for supplier approval are available to you. We consider
factors such as product safety, availability, quality, and brand equity.

        We require you to purchase a temperature probe from any supplier of your choosing, as
long as it meets the specifications we provide to you. Other than that item, we do not currently
require specific hardware or software, although we have the right to do so. If we establish those
requirements and generally require other Panda Express Restaurants in your geographic region
to meet them, then you also will be required to buy and use the hardware, software or other
system at each of your Restaurants. Currently, you must maintain a POS system that includes a
“non-resettable grand total.” The cost of any optional or required maintenance and any support
contracts, upgrades and updates will be determined by the suppliers of the systems you choose.
While the following combination of hardware and software is not specifically required, it has been
approved by us: Xenial POS software on NCR RealPOS CX7 or Posiflex XT8315 hardware. An
acceptable system is available from numerous manufacturers.

        We and our Affiliates don’t sell any products to licensees, other than a small amount of
quarterly promotional material and uniforms, as described above. However, if we or our Affiliates
were to sell any other products or services to you, we or our Affiliates would make a profit on the
sales comparable to other suppliers in the industry. You would have to follow our then current
order, delivery and payment policies and procedures. We and our Affiliates have a right to keep
all rebates, discounts, allowances or other benefits earned as a result of your purchases of any
required or other supplier’s products or services. Certain of our officers hold ownership interests
in two of our required suppliers: (1) Stampede Holdings, LLC., which supplies beef to Panda
Express Restaurants; and (2) I/O Controls Corporation, which supplies certain equipment such
as warmers and LED light strips to Panda Express Restaurants.

       We occasionally negotiate prices with 3rd party vendors for various designated equipment
and other items, but we don’t have to do so. We and our Affiliates sometimes enter into
agreements with the third -party suppliers and food service distributors that provide us or Affiliates
marketing or promotional rebates or allowances, volume discounts or other economic benefits
based on supplier sales to Panda Express Restaurants. For example, we have negotiated
purchase supply agreements with nationally recognized food service distributors to supply food


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                 22
