                                                                                               00000041.0
          9.4     Interest on Late Payments.

All amounts owed to us under this Agreement and not paid when due will begin accruing Interest on the
first day following the applicable due date and will continue accruing Interest until the past due amount is
paid in full at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum, or, if lower, the maximum lawful rate. If you fail to
provide a report as required by Section 12 for the applicable Royalty Period, then we may base the amount
due for that Royalty Period on your Gross Volume during the most recent prior Royalty Period for which
you reported Gross Volume. If Gross Volume information for the applicable period is subsequently received
and reflects (i) that the actual amount due was more than the amount of the payment, then we will be
entitled to debit your account for additional funds representing the amount of the difference plus Interest,
or (ii) that the actual amount due was less than the amount of the payment, then we will credit the excess
amount to the payment of your future obligations, as applicable. You will be responsible for any transfer fee
or similar charge imposed by the processing bank and for the amount of the payment due (plus any service
charge) should any ACH not be honored for any reason.

You acknowledge that this Section 9.4 does not constitute our agreement to accept any payments after
they are due or our commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance your operation of, the Restaurant.
Our right to receive Interest payments under this Section 9.4 is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other
rights and remedies available to us, including our right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with
Section 16.

          9.5     Application of Payments, Set-Offs etc.

          As to you and/or any Affiliate of yours, we can:

         A.     apply any payments received to any indebtedness of yours in our sole and absolute
discretion, no matter how payment is designated by you;

          B.      set off from any amounts that may be owed by us, any amount owed to us; and

        C.     keep any amounts received for your account, whether rebates from suppliers or otherwise,
as a payment against any amounts owed to us.

         We can exercise any of the foregoing rights in connection with amounts owed to or from us and/or
any Affiliate of ours.

          9.6     Inflation Adjustments.

         Amounts subject to inflation adjustment under this Agreement may be adjusted by us annually in
our sole and absolute discretion in proportion to the changes in the Consumer Price Index (U.S. Average,
all items) maintained by the U.S. Department of Labor (or any successor index) as compared to the previous
year. We will notify you of any such adjustment.

          9.7     Designated Bank Account.

         A.     All payments of Royalty (and any other payments due to us hereunder during the Term)
will be made by an Automated Clearing House or other electronic transfer system approved by Franchisor
(“ACH”) or by bank-wire transfer upon telephone or electronic confirmation with the receiving bank or by
such other means we designate.

        B.       You agree that we may withdraw funds from your Designated Bank Account, as described
in Exhibit 9.7 to this Agreement, by Electronic funds transfers (also known as EFTs) that are transacted

                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                            Page 16
