properties comparable to the Obligor in similar businesses. Within 30 days after the date of this
Agreement, such policies shall be endorsed to provide that: (i) the insurance carrier shall give at
least 30 days prior notice to the Creditor before any such policy shall be altered or canceled, (ii)
no act or default of the Obligor shall affect the right of the Creditor to recover under such policy
in case of loss or damage, and (iii) from and after the date, if any, on which the insurance carrier
receives notice from the Creditor that an "Event of Default" has occurred under this Agreement,
all proceeds payable under such policy shall be payable directly to the Creditor (subject to the
rights of any other secured Creditor disclosed to the Creditor before the date hereof). Any
amounts received under such policies may be applied by the Creditor to the Obligations in such
order and at such times as the Creditor may determine or, at the option of the Creditor, released
to the Obligor, provided that no such application or release shall cure or waive any Event of
Default and no amount released shall be deemed a payment of any obligations. In the event the
Obligor at any time fails to maintain any of the policies of insurance required above or
equivalent replacement policies or fails to pay any premium in whole or in part, then the
Creditor, without waiving or releasing any of the Obligations or any Event of Default, may (but
shall be under no obligation to) obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such
premiums and take any other action with respect thereto that the Creditor deems advisable.

                5.12 Copies of Government Contracts. Obligor will promptly furnish to
Creditor, at the request of Creditor, a copy of each Government Contract of Obligor in which
Creditor has a Security Interest which changes the price of such contract or the amount funded to
pay for such contract.

                 5.13 Books and Records; Access; Location. Obligor shall keep and maintain
adequate and proper records and books of account pertaining to the Collateral, in which complete
entries are made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied and in accordance with all laws, regulations, orders and other requirements of any court,
tribunal, arbitrator or governmental authority, reflecting all financial and other transactions of
Obligor pertaining to the Collateral normally and customarily included in records and books of
account of companies engaged in the same or similar businesses and activities as Obligor.

               5.14 Collateral. Subject to Section 7, Obligor shall not sell, lease, assign,
pledge or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
unless such Collateral is replaced with property of a similar or like kind which is in as good or
better condition as that which is replaced, except that Obligor may make such disposals as are
made in the ordinary course of business and for the fair market value of the Collateral so
disposed.

       6.      REMEDIAL PROVISIONS.

                6.1      Right to Satisfy Other Claims and Taxes. If the Obligor fails to pay any
governmental taxes, assessments or other charges when due, or fails to pay any claims secured
by any lien against any Collateral when due, the Obligor shall so advise the Creditor in writing
and the Creditor may, without waiving or releasing any obligations of the Obligor or any Event
of Default, in its sole discretion (and without any obligation to do so), make such payment or any
part thereof or obtain such discharge and take any other action with respect thereto that the
Creditor deems advisable.
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
