   the Store will have a sufficient quantity of inventory to carry on business in the usual course,
   and all inventory will be unadulterated and in fresh, saleable condition.

2. Seller shall operate the Store in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
   until Closing and maintain their insurance coverage in place until two days after closing. In the
   event that the Store or any equipment being acquired through this Agreement shall be damaged
   or destroyed by fire or casualty prior to Closing, Seller shall deliver the proceeds of any
   insurance to Buyer in lieu of replacement or repair.

3. No Trade Marks or trade names of Seller are included in this transaction and any rights to
   license the operations and any intellectual property shall be covered under a separate License
   Agreement between Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and Buyer.

4. If Seller has any contracts in the nature of maintenance or service contracts for the assets of the
   Store that can be assigned, those contracts will be assigned to Buyer at Closing.

5. Sales of the Store and any inventory shall be conditioned upon: (i) the agreement by landlord for
   Seller to assign the contract to Buyer as evidenced by such landlord’s execution (and
   countersigned by the applicable parties of the Seller) of the Assignment and Assumption
   Agreement and dated effective as of the Closing Date for such Store (Consent); (ii)
   representations and warranties by both parties in this Letter Agreement shall be true and correct
   in all material respects to the satisfaction of the other of them as of the date of Closing; (iii) the
   parties not being in material breach of the covenants in this Letter Agreement; and (iv) no
   material adverse changes affecting the Lease or the operation of the Store with respect to the
   Lease from the date of signing this Letter Agreement to the Closing, provided that neither the
   ‘passage of time” nor ‘state of the business’ at any location’ shall constitute a material change in
   this paragraph 5(iv). Buyer shall provide to Seller within 2 business days of the signing of this
   Letter Agreement all that information required by the Lease to assist Seller in obtaining the
   Consents; provided, however, that any costs or expenses relating to the procurement of the
   Consents (including any transfer fees or legal costs) shall be at Seller’s sole cost and expense.
   In the event Buyer fails to provide Seller with the required documents to Seller’s reasonable
   satisfaction, Seller shall provide a written notice of default with a reasonable description of what
   is necessary to cure the default, and Buyer shall have two business days from the receipt of such
   written notice to cure the default; failure to cure within such time shall constitute a breach of
   this Letter Agreement. Buyer shall otherwise assist Seller by providing additional information as
   any Landlord may reasonably request (using commercially reasonable efforts) or otherwise.
   Seller represents and warrants that the Contract is and will be in good standing and without any
   defaults at the date of Closing.

6. The Consents shall contain only the following modifications to amend the Contract:

   a) permitting Buyer to temporarily close its operations at the premises for a reasonable period
      of time following each Closing to carry out a remodeling of such Property without thereby
      causing a default under the Contract;

   b) agreeing that any such remodeling under (a) will be sufficient to satisfy any requirement for
      any additional remodeling or renovation by Buyer as Tenant as may be provided by the
      present provisions of any Contract;
