notices of nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of
acceptance of this Guaranty and of the existence, creation or incurring of new or additional
indebtedness. Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and keeping himself informed of
the financial condition of the Company and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of
nonpayment of the indebtedness which diligent inquiry would reveal, and agrees that ___ shall
have no duty to advise Guarantor of information known to ___ regarding such condition or any
such circumstances.
Section 2.07 Waiver of Subrogation. Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives any
and all rights of subrogation, indemnity, contribution or reimbursement, and any and all benefits
of and rights to enforce any power, right or remedy that ___ may now or hereafter have in
respect of the indebtedness against the Company, any other obligor or guarantor upon or of the
indebtedness, any and all benefits of and rights to participate in any collateral, whether real or
personal property, now or hereafter held by ___, and any and all other rights and claims (as
defined in the Bankruptcy Code) Guarantor may have against the Company or any other obligor
or Guarantor upon or of the indebtedness, under applicable law or otherwise, at law or in equity,
by reason of any payment hereunder, unless and until the indebtedness shall have been
indefeasibly paid in full. Without limitation, the Guarantor shall exercise no voting rights, shall
file no claim, and shall not participate or appear in any bankruptcy or insolvency case involving
the Company with respect to the indebtedness whether or not all the indebtedness shall have
been paid in full.
Section 2.08 The Company. It is not and shall not be necessary for ___ to inquire into the
powers of the Company or the officers, directors, partners, trustees or agents acting or purporting
to act on the Company's behalf and any indebtedness made or created in reliance upon the
professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed hereunder. Guarantor agrees that ___'s
books and records showing the account between ___ and the Company shall be admissible in any
proceeding or action and shall be binding upon Guarantor for the purpose of establishing the
items therein set forth and shall constitute prima facie proof thereof.
Section 2.09 Bankruptcy No Discharge. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
contained, this Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at
any time, payment, or any part thereof, of any or all of the indebtedness is rescinded or must
otherwise be restored or returned by ___ upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of
the Company or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Notwithstanding any
modification, discharge or extension of the indebtedness or any amendment, modification, stay
or cure of ___'s rights which may occur in any bankruptcy or reorganization case or proceeding
concerning the Company whether permanent or temporary, and whether assented to by ___,
Guarantor hereby agrees that it shall be obligated hereunder to pay the indebtedness and
discharge its other obligations in accordance with the terms of the indebtedness and the terms of
this Guaranty in effect on the date hereof. Guarantor understands and acknowledges that by
virtue of this Guaranty, it has specifically assumed any and all risks of a bankruptcy or
reorganization case or proceeding with respect to the Company. As an example and not in any
way of limitation, a subsequent modification of the indebtedness in any reorganization case
concerning the Company shall not affect the obligation of Guarantor to pay the indebtedness in
accordance with its original terms.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Continuing Guarantee
