                                                                                               00000041.0
           E.     You must provide evidence of insurance in place, or written consent for self insurance, on
an annual basis and prior to signing the License Agreement. Except for self insurance, we must be
specifically named as Certificate Holder and Additional Insured status granted for commercial general
liability, automobile liability, and umbrella/excess insurance. Your insurance in place must be primary and
our insurance shall be non-contributory. You shall waive all your rights of subrogation against us and notify
your insurer of such.

        F.     All contractors and agents acting on your behalf shall maintain the same insurance
requirements required hereinabove or you shall assume the risk.

          10.6   Program Participation.

        We may condition your participation in any program, receipt of any Products or Services, or receipt
of any other Panda Express System benefits on your being in Good Standing.

          10.7   Payments During Closure.

         You agree to immediately notify us of any non-routine closure of any of your Restaurants. All
financial obligations of yours under this Agreement will remain in effect during such closure period, unless
we agree otherwise and in writing and in our sole discretion. Any such closure not authorized and/or
excused by us shall be a default of this Agreement, entitling us to all remedies available hereunder, at law
and in equity.

          10.8   Customer Satisfaction, Quality Controls, etc.

        We may institute various programs for auditing customer satisfaction, test marketing and product
evaluation, Facility and Restaurant operational assessments, and quality control measures. We may
require you to pay program costs applicable to the participation of your Restaurant(s). Current programs
and their related costs are included in the Manuals or as otherwise specified by us in writing, and are subject
to change by us and/or any applicable suppliers. You agree to participate in any Panda Express customer
survey efforts and to request your customers to participate in any such surveys to the same extent and in
the same manner as then required for similar Restaurants owned by us or our Affiliates. You shall use
survey forms or other evaluation means and materials we prescribe from time to time. You agree to post at
each Restaurant, or at such other point(s) we specify, a customer complaint telephone number, web site
address or other means of customer communication as reasonably requested by us.

        Further, upon the occurrence of a Crisis Management Event, you must immediately inform us by
telephone or electronic means, must cooperate fully with us with respect to our response to the Crisis
Management Event, and must implement such remediation plan as may be instituted by us, which may
include us requiring a temporary closure of the Restaurant as part of the Crisis Management Event
remediation plan (whether or not all or other Panda Express Restaurants are required to temporarily close).

          10.9   Third-Party Ordering and Delivery Methods.

        You agree not to utilize any third-party ordering and delivery services without our prior written
approval. Third-party ordering and delivery services shall include but is not limited to any third-party food
ordering and deliver services platform and ordering methods such as Amazon Echo, Google Home, Apple
HomePod and smart speaker or similar sound, light or other sensory based technology devices. We may
designate a third-party ordering and delivery service in our sole and absolute discretion. You can request
the approval of a third-party ordering and delivery service by notifying us in writing and submitting such
information and the draft agreement with such third-party ordering and delivery service as we may request.

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 26
