                       (a)      In addition to all of its other rights, powers and remedies under this
Agreement, the other Financing Documents, the License Agreement, and other applicable law,
the Creditor shall have all of the rights, powers and remedies of a secured party under the
Uniform Commercial Code of the state in which such rights, powers and remedies are asserted.

                         (b)    The Creditor shall have the right: (i) to enter upon the premises of
the Obligor or any other place or places where Collateral is located through self-help and without
judicial process or giving the Obligor notice; (ii) to prepare, assemble, or process Collateral for
sale, lease, or other disposition; (iii) to remove Collateral to the premises of the Creditor or any
agent of the Creditor, for such time as the Creditor may desire, in order to collect or dispose of
Collateral; and (iv) to require the Obligor to assemble Collateral and make it available to the
Creditor at a place to be designated by the Creditor.

                        (c)     Until the Creditor is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition
of Collateral or any part thereof, the Creditor shall have the right to use, process or operate
Collateral or any part thereof to the extent that it deems appropriate for the purpose of preserving
Collateral or its value or for any other purpose deemed appropriate by the Creditor.

                         (d)    The Creditor shall have the right to sell, lease, license, or otherwise
dispose of all or any Collateral in its then existing condition, or after any further assembly,
manufacturing, or processing thereof, at public or private sale or sales, in lots or in bulk, for cash
or on credit, all as the Creditor, in its sole discretion, may deem advisable. Without limitation,
the Creditor may specifically disclaim any warranties of title and the like. The Creditor shall not
be obligated to clean up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale. Such sales may be
adjourned and continued from time to time with or without notice. The Creditor shall have the
right to conduct such sales on the Obligor's premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use
the Obligor's premises without charge for such sales (or preparation for sales) for such time or
times as the Creditor deems necessary or advisable. The Creditor is hereby granted a license or
other right to use, without charge, the Obligor's labels, patents, copyrights, rights of use of any
name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, and advertising matter, or any property of a similar
nature as it pertains to Collateral, in advertising for sale or lease or the disposition of any
Collateral. The Creditor may purchase all or any part of the Collateral at public or, if permitted
by law, private sale, and in lieu of actual payment of such purchase price may set off the amount
of such Obligations whether or not such Obligations are matured. The Obligor agrees that any
sale of Collateral conducted by the Creditor in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this
Section shall be deemed to be a commercially reasonable sale under the UCC. The Creditor may
comply with any applicable laws and regulations in connection with any exercise of remedies
hereunder and such compliance shall not be considered to adversely affect the commercial
reasonableness of such exercise of remedies.

               9.2      Application of Proceeds. Subject to the rights of any prior security party,
any proceeds received by the Creditor in respect of any sale of collection from, or other
realization upon all or any part of the Collateral following the occurrence of an Event of Default
may, in the discretion of the Creditor, be held by the Creditor as collateral for, and/or then or at
any time thereafter applied by the Creditor as follows: (i) first, to pay all costs, expenses and
charges of every kind (including attorneys' fees and costs) for pursuing, searching, protecting,
taking, removing, storing, safekeeping, caring, preparing for sale, advertising, selling and
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
