                                                                                                   00000041.0
         C.       The License awarded to you by this Agreement is to develop and operate each Restaurant
identified on the attached Exhibit 2.1 and to use the Marks and the System only for purposes of conducting
business in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Manuals and Panda Express standards
and specifications. You agree not to conduct the business of Panda Express Restaurant(s), use the Marks
and/or distribute the Products/Services from any location other than the Restaurant(s), or for any purpose
other than those approved by us in writing. You agree not to conduct any activities from the Restaurant(s)
other than the operation of your Restaurant(s) without our prior written consent. You agree to use
reasonable commercial efforts to maximize the Gross Volume of your Restaurant(s).

        D.      Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement shall expire by its
own terms on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date, if no Restaurant is specified on Exhibit 2.1
by such date and if not sooner Terminated according to the terms of this Agreement.

       E.       If Licensee is a Business Entity, you and your Designated Individual represent, warrant
and agree that:

                  i.    you are duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the state of your organization,
                        in good standing and are duly qualified to transact business in the state in which your
                        Restaurant locates;

                 ii.    you have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform your
                        obligations hereunder;

                 iii.   true and complete copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership
                        agreement, bylaws, subscription agreements, buy-sell agreements, voting trust
                        agreements and all other documents and amendments thereto relating to your
                        ownership, organization, capitalization, management and control have been reviewed
                        and have been found acceptable by us prior to execution thereof;

                 iv.    upon full execution of this Agreement, you have provided us with such documentation
                        as we have requested to evidence the foregoing, including but not limited to a certificate
                        of good standing, financial statements certified by your chief financial officer, and a
                        certificate of insurance naming us as additional insured, and you and your Designated
                        Individual represent, warrant and agree that the attached Exhibit 2.1 E is current,
                        complete and accurate. You agree that we may request updated copies of Exhibit 2.1 E
                        at any time and you will furnish the same to us within thirty (30) days of such request, so
                        that Exhibit 2.1 E (as so revised and signed by you) is at all times current, complete and
                        accurate.

          2.2      Scope of License Award, No Exclusive Territory, Our Retained Rights.

        A.      You acknowledge and agree that the License granted to you is non-exclusive and that you
have not been awarded an “exclusive territory” or any “exclusive,” “protected” or “reserved” territorial rights.
No such rights are granted or will be inferred. The License does not grant you any rights with respect to
other and/or related businesses, products and/or services, in which we or any Affiliate of ours may be
involved, now or in the future. We and our Affiliates reserve all rights not expressly granted to you under
this Agreement. Licensee shall not offer or sell any Panda Express food items through or under any other
food service operations/restaurants Licensee may operate, own or manage, except for approved Licensee
catering.




                                   Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                 Page 2
