                                                                                                00000041.0
“Business Entity” - Includes a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, limited
partnership, trust or other form of enterprise or ownership recognized in any jurisdiction.

“Client” – The owner or lessor of the Facility in which the Restaurant is located.

“Client Contract” or “Lease Agreement” – The lease agreement or contract that authorizes a Panda
Express Restaurant to be established at the specified Facility.

“Complete Update” – As defined in Section 10.1.

“Cooks” - Cooks are responsible for cooking all Panda Express entrées and side dishes and for executing
Panda Express recipes correctly to ensure food quality, ensuring food safety practice, and maintaining
cleanliness at a Panda Express Restaurant. We also recommend that Cooks be cross-trained to perform
FOH Staff operations. Cooks must perform all BOH Staff operations as defined herein in compliance with
System Standards.

“Correction Process” – As defined in Section 16.6.

“Counter Help” - Counter Help is responsible for ensuring high-quality guest service while serving fresh
food. They must be able to take responsibility for any FOH Staff duties as defined herein. The Counter
Help must be able to perform proper food portioning, friendly service, salesmanship, cleanliness of service
table and dining area (if applicable) at all times.

“Crisis Management Event” means any event that occurs at or otherwise involves the Restaurant
premises, or that occurs generally at a local, regional, national or even global scale, which has or may
cause harm or injury to customers or employees, such as contagious diseases, natural disasters, terrorist
acts, shootings or other acts of violence, or any other similar circumstance which may materially and
adversely affect the System or the goodwill symbolized by the marks.

“Customary Representations, Warranties and Agreements” - Includes commitments generally made
by a transferor in connection with a transfer of a business and/or assets, commonly including:
representations as to ownership, condition and title to stock and/or assets, liens and encumbrances, validity
of contracts, and liabilities, contingent or otherwise; indemnification and non-competition commitments by
the transferor and its Affiliates which are substantially similar to those under this Agreement; transfer of
good and merchantable title to purchased assets, free and clear of encumbrances; requirements that all
sales, transfer and/or similar taxes are to be paid by the transferor; the transfer at closing of all applicable
licenses and permits; and the like.

“Designated Equipment” - Equipment that meets our requirements and which you must obtain from our
approved vendors and use in the operation of your Restaurant.

"Designated Individual" - The person identified on Exhibit 2.1, or a substitute individual reasonably
approved by us in writing, who shall be our primary contact person with you and shall be principally
responsible for the management and facilitation of the administration of this License Agreement.

“Designated Purchaser” – As defined in Section 14.5.

“Effective Date” – Defined in the opening of this Agreement.

“Facility” - The larger physical business location in which you operate a single Restaurant, such as, but
not necessarily limited to, a mall, a university, a hospital or a terminal in an airport.


                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 53
