to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing
date. Any requests for an extension of the discovery periods, or any discovery disputes, will be
subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is
essential for the party's presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is
available.

               (f)     Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be entitled to
join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any arbitration, except parties who have
executed any Loan Document, or to include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or
member of a class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public or in a private
attorney general capacity.

              (g)     Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award all
costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.

                 (h)      Real Property Collateral; Judicial Reference. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, no dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if the dispute concerns
indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any real property unless (i) the
holder of the mortgage, lien or security interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the
arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or benefits that might accrue to
them by virtue of the single action rule statute of California, thereby agreeing that all
indebtedness and obligations of the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests
securing such indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. If any such
dispute is not submitted to arbitration, the dispute shall be referred to a referee in accordance
with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et seq., and this general reference
agreement is intended to be specifically enforceable in accordance with said Section 638. A
referee with the qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the
AAA’s selection procedures. Judgment upon the decision rendered by a referee shall be entered
in the court in which such proceeding was commenced in accordance with California Code of
Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.

                (i)     Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding
within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an
arbitration proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for
disclosures of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by
applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the
parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly related to the Loan
Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall control. This arbitration provision shall
survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship
between the parties.

               (j)      Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
each party retains the right to pursue in Small Claims Court any dispute within that court’s
jurisdiction. Further, this arbitration provision shall apply only to disputes in which either party


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
