any part of the Membership Interest. No other person will have any direct or indirect beneficial interest in or right to
the Membership Interest

         12.4     Residency. The Member is a resident of the state listed on Exhibit A.

         12.5 Economic Risk. The Member is financially able to bear all economic risks, including a total loss,
of an investment in the Membership Interest

          12.6 No Registration of Membership Interest. The Member acknowledges that the Membership
Interest has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or qualified
under any other applicable blue sky laws in reliance, in part, on the Member’s representations, warranties, and
agreements herein.

          12.7 Membership Interest is Restricted Security. The Member understands that the Membership
Interest is a “restricted security” under the Securities Act, in that the Membership Interest will be acquired from the
Company in a transaction not involving a public offering, and that the Membership Interest may be resold without
registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances and that otherwise the Membership
Interest must be held indefinitely. In this connection, the Member understands the resale limitations imposed by the
Securities Act and is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, and, to the extent this Rule applies, the
conditions which must be met in order for that Rule to be available for resale of “restricted securities,” including the
requirement that certain securities must be held for at least one year after purchase thereof from the Company prior
to resale (two years in the absence of publicly available information about the Company) and the condition that there
be available to the public current information about the Company under certain circumstances. The Member
understands that the Company has not made such information available to the public and has no present plans to do
so.

         12.8 No Obligation to Register. The Company and the Manager(s) are under no obligation to register
or qualify the Membership Interest under the Securities Act or under any state securities law, or to assist a Member
in complying with any exemption from registration and qualification.

         12.9 No Disposition in Violation of Law. Without limiting the representations set forth above, and
without limiting Article 7, the Member will not make any disposition of all or part of the Membership Interest which
will result in the violation by the Member or by the Company of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities
laws. Without limiting the foregoing, the Member agrees not to make any disposition of all or any part of the
Membership Interest unless and until:

                  (a)      There is then in effect a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
proposed disposition and the disposition is made in accordance with the registration statement and any applicable
requirements of state securities laws; or

                   (b)     The Member has notified the Company of the proposed disposition and has furnished the
Company with a detailed statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition; and if reasonably
requested by the Manager(s), the Member has furnished the Company with a written opinion of counsel, reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, that the proposed disposition will not require registration of any securities under the
Securities Act or the consent of or a permit from appropriate authorities under any applicable state securities law.

                   (c)       In the case of any disposition of all or part of the Membership Interest pursuant to SEC
Rule 144, in addition to the matters required by this Agreement, the Member will promptly forward to the Company
a copy of any Form 144 filed with the SEC regarding the disposition and a letter from the executing broker
satisfactory to the Company evidencing compliance with SEC Rule 144. If SEC Rule 144 is amended or if the
SEC’s interpretations thereof in effect at the time of any the disposition have changed from its present
interpretations thereof, the Member will provide the Company with any additional documents the Manager(s) may
reasonably require.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
