                                                                                                    00000041.0

           D.     Our approval of the lease, sublease or purchase agreement does not constitute a warranty
or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to its fairness or suitability or as to your ability to comply
with its terms. We do not, by virtue of approving the lease, sublease or purchase agreement, assume any
liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties. Such approval indicates only that we believe that the
Restaurant and certain terms of the lease, sublease or purchase agreement satisfy the standards we have
established as of the time of our approval. You further acknowledge that we have advised you to seek legal
counsel to review and evaluate the lease, sublease or purchase agreement, as applicable. You must
deliver a copy of the fully signed lease, sublease or purchase agreement to us within five (5) days after its
execution.

          3.2    Restaurant Design Standards and Layout Assistance.

         A.        Construction and furnishing of each Restaurant shall be at your sole expense. Construction
and installation of furnishings, fixtures and equipment shall be in compliance with standards, specifications
and other requirements that we furnish you for design, decoration, layout, equipment, furniture, fixtures,
signs and other items for your Restaurant (the “Design Standards”). Any proposed revisions to plans
provided by or approved by us must be submitted to us for prior written authorization as they pertain to the
Restaurant. We acknowledge that your ability to adopt the Design Standards may be subject to the approval
of your Client. If a matter is subject to approval by your Client, you agree to use best efforts to obtain approval
of Design Standards. If modifications are required by your Client, we shall have the right to suggest and to
reasonably approve an alternative to any Design Standard. Your compliance with the Design Standards
and/or any layout assistance we provide under Section 3.2 B, below, does not release you from your
obligation to ensure that your Restaurant is designed, constructed and operated in compliance with all local,
state, and federal laws, including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended
(“ADA”). You agree to execute and deliver to us an ADA Certification in the form attached to this Agreement
as Exhibit 3.3 before you open your Restaurant to confirm and certify that your Restaurant and any
proposed renovations comply with the ADA and other requirements.

         B.      We shall provide generic interior layout assistance for each Restaurant, based on plans,
specifications and criteria established by us in accordance with our Restaurant premises standards and
business practices. The License Fee covers only interior layout review services. We shall not be responsible
for detailed architectural or construction drawings, design services or any other services associated with
the establishment of a Restaurant. You shall obtain our prior written approval of site specific drawings/plans
and provide us with the as-build plan before beginning construction. Within 30 days after the Opening of
the Restaurant, you shall provide us with the full and complete build out cost.

          3.3    Construction Process and Inspection.

         The Designated Individual, or such other person as may be designated by you in writing, shall be
our contact and the coordinator for all construction-related issues and matters between you and us. You
agree to provide to us on a weekly basis or as provided by your Client’s architect, if applicable, a written
construction project timeline with respect to each Restaurant under construction until you have written
authorization from us to open such Restaurant. You further agree to cooperate with and permit us or our
designees to enter the Restaurant during normal business hours, with prior notice to Client and you, without
causing any undue interruption, to inspect and evaluate any Restaurant construction for compliance with
Design Standards and other License requirements. We or our designee will give you notice of any
deficiencies, and you agree to correct them promptly at your expense, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. The foregoing notwithstanding, if the lessor or the operations manager of the Facility at
which a Restaurant is established restricts access for purposes of inspection, you agree to diligently attempt


                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                  Page 4
