default. In this case, we will bear the de-identification costs. See Section 18.1 of the License
Agreement.

       We may choose to have certain of our Affiliates provide assistance to you, including
marketing, operational, and systems support services, but they are not obligated to do so.

       Computer System

         Currently, you must maintain computer hardware and software that include an iPad, a
temperature probe and a POS system featuring a “non-resettable grand total.” We have the right
to full access to your point of sale and computer systems and all information and data these
systems contain. You must provide us reports for each Royalty Period on the sales and operation
of each of your Restaurant(s). Reports must be in a format we specify or approve.

        We are not obligated to upgrade or update any hardware, software or other system. The
cost you incur for any optional or required maintenance and any support contracts, upgrades and
updates for your systems will be determined by your selected systems’ suppliers. We have
approved the Xpient Iris on NCR RealPOS CX7 or Posiflex XT8315 hardware. We estimate it will
cost $2,000 to $4,000 to purchase the computer software and estimate $14,000 and $21,000 to
purchase the computer hardware. This system stores data on sales transactions and information
for inventory control and financial management. Although we have not approved other systems,
we may approve other systems on request if they meet our specifications. An acceptable system
is available from numerous manufacturers.

        Any system that you do choose must be a Payment Application Data Security Standard
approved system, from the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. A list of these
applications can be found from the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council at
http://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/.

        In choosing any system, you must install the system in accordance to the system providers
PA-DSS implementation guide, and must at all times adhere to the obligations of the Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standard, and provide us an Attestation of Compliance in meeting
that standard. Additional information regarding your obligations for the PCI-DSS can be found at
https://pcisecuritystandards.org/.

       Marketing Activities

        We have no formal advertising program for the franchise system and no franchisee
advertising council. Instead, franchisees benefit from advertising and promotional programs
implemented on behalf of all Panda Express Restaurants. You are not currently required to
contribute to any marketing fund. The License Agreement does not grant you any right to have
or participate in a marketing fund program or in a local or regional marketing cooperative. Before
opening any Restaurant, you must buy an initial supply of Panda Express promotional materials.
We specify what materials you have to obtain. These can include interior/exterior signage
banners, window/door clings, scrolls, posters, counter cards, sneeze-guard slats/bursts/clings,
menu board translites, display cases, crew-wear, training aids and an eLearning module
(delivered electronically or via CD). These items are purchased from us or a designated supplier.
As noted in Item 6, current promotional materials are bought from our Marketing department and
displayed in your Restaurant as campaigns are introduced so we have a consistent brand image.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                             30
