limited liability company, the name of the person to whom issued, the date of issue, and the number of units
Membership Interest represented by the certificate. A statement of any designations, preferences, qualifications,
limitations, restrictions, and special or relative rights of the Membership Interest will be set forth in full or
summarized on the face or back of the certificate, or it may state that such a statement or summary will be furnished
to any holder of a Membership Interest on request without charge.

                                           Article 5
                          OPERATIONS AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

          5.1      Management of the Company by Manager(s). The Company’s business, property and affairs
will be managed exclusively by the Manager(s). Except for situations in which the Members’ approval is expressly
required by the Articles or this Agreement, the Manager(s) will have complete and exclusive authority, power, and
discretion to manage and control the Company’s business, property, and affairs, to make all decisions regarding
those matters and to perform any and all other acts or activities customary or incident to the management of the
Company’s business, property and affairs. Any Manager, acting alone, is authorized to endorse checks, drafts, and
other evidences of debt made payable to the Company’s order, but only for the Company’s benefit, and to execute
contracts and incur obligations on the Company’s behalf, pay all invoices, debts, and payables of the Company, and
take all actions on its behalf necessary to manage its affairs, as determined by the Manager(s).

         5.2      Powers of Manager(s).

                    (a)     Without limiting the generality of Section 5.1, but subject to Section 5.2(b) and the
express limitations elsewhere in this Agreement, the Manager(s) will have all necessary powers to manage and carry
out the Company’s purposes, business, property, and affairs including the power to exercise on behalf and in the
name of the Company the following: (i) to enter into and perform all agreements or contracts and take all actions
relating to the Company and/or its business; (ii) to borrow money on behalf of the Company and execute and deliver
any security instruments necessary to evidence or perfect a lien on all or part of the Company assets; (iii) to manage,
improve, alter, invest and further develop the Company’s assets and business and sell, lease, encumber, or convey
all or part of the Company’s assets and business for consideration and on terms and conditions the Manager(s) deem
reasonable; (iv) to pay from Company assets all expenses of organizing and conducting the Company’s business,
including legal and accounting fees; (v) to execute all other instruments and take all other actions necessary or
desirable to carry out the Company’s purposes and business; (vi) to employ, retain, or otherwise secure the services
of persons or firms deemed necessary by the Manager(s) for the Company’s business on terms the Manager(s) deem
advisable, and to appoint an agent for service of process for the Company; and (vii) to take all other action permitted
by law and customary in or reasonably related to the conduct of the Company’s business.

                  (b)     Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the Manager(s) will not have
authority to cause the Company to engage in any transaction for which the Act requires consent of the Members.

                   (c)      Meetings of the Manager(s) may be called by any Manager or by the chairperson,
president, any vice-president or the secretary of the Company. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the
Manager(s) may be taken by the Manager(s) without a meeting, if a majority of the Manager(s) individually or
collectively consent in writing to the proposed action. Any action by written consent will have the same force and
effect as a majority vote of the Manager(s). Nothing in this Section 5.2(c) or in this Agreement is intended to
require that meetings of Manager(s) be held, it being the intent of the Members that meetings of Manager(s) are not
required. The holding of any meeting of the Manager(s) will not be deemed to create any obligation to do so
thereafter.

          5.3       Deadlock. If the Manager(s) are deadlocked over any matter, the Manager(s) may, at their
election, either (a) submit the matter to a vote of the Members, or (b) promptly select a mutually acceptable
unrelated and independent individual (an “Arbiter”) who will, after good faith discussions with the Manager(s),
resolve the deadlocked matter (including, if necessary, by casting his or her vote in favor of a proposed resolution).
If the Manager(s) choose to resolve the deadlock through use of an Arbiter, and cannot agree on the selection of the
Arbiter, the matter will be submitted to a vote of the Members. Any appointed Arbiter will, after good faith
discussions with the Manager(s), resolve the deadlocked matter (including, if necessary, by casting his or her vote in



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
