                                                                                       00000041.0
        D.      We have the right to require any or all individuals having a legal or beneficial
ownership interest, directly or indirectly, in a Business Entity Licensee to sign our then current form
of personal guaranty. The current approved form of Continuing Personal Guaranty is attached as
Exhibit 19.12 to this Agreement. We have the right to require any such guarantor‘s spouse or
domestic partner under local law to co-sign any such guaranty.

        19.13    Fundamental Business Intention to Mediate and/or Arbitrate, Severability of
                 Dispute Resolution Provisions, Federal Arbitration Act Governs, etc.

         If any provision of this Section 19 is deemed by a court to be unenforceable for any reason,
you and we agree and intend that such provision will be i) modified so as to be enforceable or ii), if
that cannot be done, severed. Any remaining portions of this Section 19 shall remain in full force
and effect. You and we acknowledge that your and our activities relating to the License relationship
are in interstate commerce and that this Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.

        19.14    Contractor and Subcontractor Status.

          The parties agree that Licensor shall not be a contractor or subcontractor, agent, or
employee of Licensee. Licensee shall be responsible for paying all taxes on payments received
pursuant to the License Agreement. Licensee shall properly direct and control its subcontractors
and shall have full responsibility for all work, whether performed by Licensee or its subcontractors.
In this regard, Licensee shall be responsible for all work performed by, and for the acts, omissions,
or negligence of its employees, subcontractors and of all employees or agents of its subcontractors,
and for compliance by each of its subcontractors with the requirements of their contract, and all
applicable laws, rules, and regulations.




  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                     Page 84
