      4.       If you have an asset purchase agreement with PEI, at closing, the transferred
Restaurant will have a sufficient quantity of inventory to carry on business in the usual course.

       Our Obligations During the Operation of each Restaurant.

       During the operation of your Restaurant, we will:

        1.      Loan you (or allow you electronic or other access to) a copy of available Manuals.
See Section 5.3 of the License Agreement. A copy of the table of contents for our Manual is
attached as Exhibit D. Our Manual contains a total of 106 pages. Our operating system does not
include any personnel policies or procedures or security-related policies or procedures that we
(at our option) may make available to you in the Manuals or otherwise for your optional use. You
will determine to what extent, if any, these policies and procedures might apply to your operations
at your Restaurant. We neither dictate nor control labor or employment matters for franchisees
and their employees and we are not responsible for the safety and security of your Restaurant’s
employees or patrons. You will be required to acknowledge and agree in the License Agreement
that we and you are not joint employers of your employees and other personnel. We do not and
will not share or codetermine any of your employees’ essential terms and conditions of
employment. More specifically, in no case do we have any authority to determine or set your
employees’: (1) wages, benefits, and other compensation; (2) hours of work and scheduling; (3)
the assignment of duties to be performed; (4) the supervision of the performance of duties; (5)
work rules and directions governing the manner, means, and methods of the performance of
duties and the grounds for discipline; (6) the tenure of employment, including hiring and discharge;
and/or (7) working conditions related to the safety and health of employees. You alone have sole
authority to determine any or all your employees’ essential terms and conditions of employment.

      2.      Grant you a License to use our Marks and System for the operation of a
Restaurant. See Section 6 of the License Agreement.

       3.       Periodically inspect and/or evaluate your Restaurant operations and provide
guidance regarding the operation of your Restaurant. This guidance can be furnished in whatever
manner we consider appropriate, including electronically, in writing, orally, telephonically, web-
based and other training programs, on-site consultations and other methods we decide on. See
Section 5.2 of the License Agreement.

       4.    Disclose to you Trade Secret and Confidential Information. See Section 8.1 of the
License Agreement.

      5.      Provide guidelines, specifications, and procedures for your purchase of Products
and Services. See Section 10.2 of the License Agreement.

        6.      Engage you in an annual review of your Restaurant operations, including a review
of historical and projected performance data, business plans, growth strategies and other relevant
information. See Section 12.3 of the License Agreement.

        7.     Repurchase all unused and usable Products and supplies inventory at your cost
for that inventory, if you Terminate (as defined in the Agreement) the Agreement due to our



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                               29
