                                                                                       00000041.0
          Releasor (and each of them) acknowledges that this Release Agreement extends to claims
which Releasor (and each of them) does not know or suspect to exist in favor of Releasor (or any
of them) at the time of executing this Release Agreement, which if known by Releasor (or any of
them) may have materially affected its or their decision to enter into this Release Agreement. It is
understood by Releasor (and each of them) that the facts in respect of which this Release
Agreement is given may hereafter turn out to be other than or different from the facts in that
connection known or believed to be true. Licensee (and each of them), therefore, expressly
assumes the risk of the facts turning out to be so different and agrees that this Release Agreement
shall be in all respects effective and not subject to termination or rescission by any such difference
in facts.

Representations and Warranties. Licensee (and each of them) hereby represents and warrants
to Company that, in entering into such release, it (i) is doing so freely and voluntarily upon the
advice of counsel and business advisor of its own choosing (or declined to do so, free from
coercion, duress or fraud); (ii) has read and fully understands the terms and scope of the Release
Agreement that such party is entering into; (iii) realizes that it is final and conclusive, and intends
to be final and conclusive, as to the matters set forth in the Release Agreement entered into by the
party; and (iv) has not assigned, transferred, or conveyed to any third party all or any part of or
partial or contingent interest in any of the Claims which are called for to be released by this Release
Agreement now or in the future, that it is aware of no third party who contends or claims otherwise,
and that it shall not purport to assign, transfer, or convey any such claim hereafter.

Covenants Not to Sue. Licensee (and each of them) hereby irrevocably covenants to refrain from,
directly or indirectly, asserting any claim or demand, or commencing, initiating or causing to be
commenced, any proceeding of any kind against any Company Released Party, based upon any
matter purported to be released hereby.

Indemnity. Without in any way limiting any of the rights and remedies otherwise available to any
Company Released Party, Licensee (and each of them) shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
each Company Released Party from and against all Claims whether or not involving third party
Claims, arising directly or indirectly from or in connection with (i) the assertion by or on behalf of
Licensee or its Constituents of any Claim or other matter purported to be released pursuant to this
Release Agreement, (ii) the assertion by any third party of any Claim or demand against any
Company Released Party which Claim or demand arises directly or indirectly from, or in connection
with, any Claims or other matters purported to be released pursuant to this Release Agreement;
and (iii) any breach of representations, warranties or covenants hereunder by Licensee or its
Constituents.

Miscellaneous.

      This Release Agreement cannot be modified, altered or otherwise amended except by an
agreement in writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

        This Release Agreement, together with the agreements referenced herein, constitute the
entire understanding between and among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

        This Release Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

        This Release Agreement may be executed by facsimile, and signatures on a facsimile copy
hereof shall be deemed authorized original signatures.


  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                     Page 90
