        Training

          The Store Manager(s), Assistant Manager(s), Shift Lead(s), Head Chef(s), Cook(s),
Counter Help, and Kitchen Help for each Restaurant must participate in and complete initial
training applicable to their positions to our satisfaction. Store Manager(s), Assistant Manager(s)
and Head Chef(s)/Cook(s) are required to earn certifications for their respective positions, which
requires that testing requirements be met to our satisfaction. Failure to satisfactorily complete
initial training can result in termination of your License Agreement without refund.

Licensees shall always maintain on payroll, staffing and training certifications for at least: 1 certified
Store Manager/Assistant Manager, 6 certified Panda Express Chefs/Cooks regardless of weekly
sales (and 1 more for each increment of $8,000.00 weekly sales in excess of $7,000.00 per week),
and 3 certified service Associates, regardless of weekly sales (and 1 more for each increment of
$8,000.00 weekly sales in excess of $7,000.00 per week.(though these numbers can go even
higher as a function of rising sales and customer activity or location). Refer to Exhibit D of this
Disclosure Document for current recommended daily staffing levels based on customer activity,
which are subject to change.

        If/when you have 5 or more open Restaurants, we recommend you hire an Operations
Training Leader to oversee training. Each Operations Training leader must complete at least 4
weeks of training in a company-owned Panda Express Restaurant. This training is comparable to
a Store Manager training process.

        You must schedule your training session no less than three months before your opening
and complete your training at least 1 week before your opening. All initial training must be
completed before your Restaurant may open. The Initial License Fee covers your initial training
program, though we can choose to charge up to $1,000 per attendee if you have more than 8
attendees per Restaurant, subject to inflation adjustment. As of the date of this Disclosure
Document our general practice is not to charge you for additional attendees, but we can modify
this practice as we think appropriate. We can also require your Designated Individual to complete
Store Manager training and obtain related certifications.

        Our current initial training program is typically as described below, but all elements of initial
training, ongoing requirements and certification programs/criteria are subject to change by us.
Currently a Store Manager, Assistant Manager, and Head Chef each must be certified to
successfully complete the program. A “Licensee’s Certified Training Unit” as described in the
charts below is an existing Panda Express Restaurant managed by one of our certified and
designated trainers. We expect your designated Licensee’s Certified Training Unit or other
training location to be in your state, and try to conduct the training at a location within reasonable
driving distance from your Restaurant.

       The length and content of required training programs are flexible so we can vary them as
we find appropriate, but are generally as follows. A “Week” is 5 consecutive, 8 hour business
days, but we can adjust this on a case by case basis.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                     33
