                                                                                       00000041.0

        19.5     Survival of Obligations.

        A.      Each provision of this Section 19, together with the provisions of Section 22, will
be deemed to be self-executing and continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding the expiration or Termination of this Agreement and will survive and will govern
any Claim for rescission. Notwithstanding any bankruptcy or other proceeding, you and we wish to
have the dispute avoidance and resolution provisions of this Agreement enforced according to their
terms.

         B.      Confidentiality, protection of the Marks and Intellectual Property, indemnity/hold
harmless obligations, and all other Post-Termination Provisions provided in this Agreement shall
survive the expiration and/or Termination of this Agreement according to their terms.

        19.6     Costs and Attorneys’ Fees.

         The parties will bear their own fees and costs, including Attorneys’ Fees, for matters settled
through agreement of the parties. For matters not settled through agreement of the parties and to
the extent a non-prevailing party is identified by a court or arbitrator in an award or judgment, the
non-prevailing party shall be responsible for the prevailing party’s cost and expenses incurred in
connection with the arbitration and/or litigation, including Attorneys’ Fees and costs. The foregoing
notwithstanding, nothing herein shall be deemed to limit, restrict or diminish in any way any party’s
rights to recover costs, Attorneys’ Fees or any other amounts pursuant to any indemnity rights
granted under this Agreement.

        19.7     Binding Effect, Modification.

        This Agreement is binding on the parties hereto and their respective executors,
administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in interest, and will not be modified or supplemented
except as expressly provided in this Agreement or by means of a written amendment signed by
both parties; provided that changes to the Manuals made in accordance with this Agreement are
binding and do not require any acceptance by you, written or otherwise, to be effective and
enforceable. No field representative, salesperson or other person has the right or authority modify
this Agreement, or to make any representations or agreements on our behalf, and no such
modification, representation and/or agreement shall be binding.

        19.8     Construction.

        A.       Section headings are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or construe
such provisions.

         B.      This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed
an original.

        C.      The phrases “sole and absolute discretion” and/or “sole discretion” as used in this
Agreement mean an unrestricted right to make decisions and/or take, or refrain from taking, actions,
notwithstanding a potential negative and/or financial impact on Licensee or another person/entity.

        19.9     Severability; Substitution of Valid Provisions.

         Each provision of this Agreement, and any portion of any provision, is severable. Each
party reserves the right to challenge any law, rule or judicial or other construction which would have
the effect of varying or rendering ineffective any provision of this Agreement. To the extent that any

  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                      Page 82
