                                                                                                  00000041.0
          16.5   Multiple Defaults.

          If we send to you two (2) written notices of default for a particular Restaurant, upon the occurrence of
a third (3rd) default at such Restaurant within any twelve (12) month period, we shall at our option have the
right to automatically Terminate upon delivery of our written notice of Termination to you and without further
action by us and without any opportunity to cure, i) the Operating Term of such Restaurant, or ii) this
Agreement. We can exercise our rights under this Section 16.5 regardless of whether or not the first two (2)
written notices were for the same or different defaults or either or both were cured.

          16.6   Failure to Meet System Standards.

         A.      We anticipate evaluating your Restaurant(s) for compliance with System Standards using
various methods (including, but not limited to, inspections, field service visits, customer comments/surveys,
third party evaluation services and/or “mystery shopper” reports). In conducting such an evaluation we will
use the same methodology and scoring system then in use by us for evaluating Restaurants owned and/or
operated by us and/or our Affiliates. Evaluations may be conducted by us or persons/entities designated
by us for such purpose. Each Restaurant will be assigned System Standards scores for categories being
scored at that time.

         B.     We may (but are not required to) implement a Correction Process, as described in Section
16.6 C., below, for a particular Restaurant if any of your System Standards score(s) is less than the then
current minimum score (the “Minimum Performance Standard”) we set in the System Standards from time
to time.

         C.      We will reasonably cooperate with and assist you in your efforts to meet acceptable System
Standards scores. Such assistance may include, but is not limited to, on-site consultations, meetings at our
headquarters, and/or retraining activities or programs at designated locations (a “Correction Process”). You
are responsible for any costs associated with such activities, including our remedial training/tuition fees,
travel, meals, lodging and any other related expenses.

        D.      If we give you a written notice of your failure to meet Minimum Performance Standards in
any evaluation period for any Restaurant a total of three (3) consecutive times or more than five (5) times
in any twelve (12) consecutive months, regardless of whether or not minimums are met after your receipt
of any such notice, then we may elect to Terminate your License to operate such under-performing
Restaurant immediately upon your receipt of written notice and without further opportunity to cure.

        E.     Nothing in this Section 16 is intended to limit or diminish in any way any rights or remedies
provided us under this or any other agreement, at law or in equity. The fact that any Correction Process
may be ongoing shall not prevent us from exercising any such rights and/or remedies, including any right
to Terminate this Agreement or an Operating Term for a Restaurant for another default under this
Agreement.

          16.7   Default by Us; Termination by You.

         You may Terminate this Agreement due to a material default by us which we fail to cure within thirty
(30) days after our receipt of written notice thereof by delivering a written notice of such Termination to us,
provided that if any such default cannot reasonably be corrected within such thirty (30) day period, then we
must undertake diligent efforts within such thirty (30) day period to come into full compliance and furnish,
at your request, proof acceptable to you of such efforts. In any event, all such material defaults must be
fully cured within sixty (60) days after our receipt of the initial written notice from you.


                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 38
