of the individual or (b) be responsible for the application or distribution of proceeds paid or credited to individuals
signing this Agreement on behalf of the entity.

         13.13 No Interest in Company Property; Waiver of Partition. No Member or Economic Interest
Owner has any interest in specific property of the Company. Each Member and Economic Interest Owner
irrevocably waives during the Company’s term any right that person may have to maintain any action for partition
with respect to the Company’s property.

         13.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original, but all of which will constitute one and the same instrument.

          13.15 Confidentiality. The Manager(s) and Members acknowledge and agree that all information
provided to them by or on behalf of the Company concerning the business of the Company will be deemed strictly
confidential and will not, except as required by law, be disclosed to any person (other than a Member) without prior
consent of the Members. The Manager(s) and Members hereby consent to the disclosure by each Member of
Company information to such Member’s accountants, attorneys, and similar advisors bound by a duty of
confidentiality. Moreover, the foregoing requirements of this Section 13.15 will not apply to a Member with regard
to any information that becomes publicly known or available in the absence of any improper or unlawful action on
the part of the Member or another Member with whom the Member is acting in concert (including, without
limitation, any action in violation of this Section 13.15). The terms of the preceding sentence will not be applied to
release any Manager or Member from legal, regulatory, contractual, or similar obligations applicable to the
Company and/or the Manager or Member arising other than under this Agreement.

                           [Agreement concludes, and signatures appear, on next page.]




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
