allocated to the Member recognizing the income, such that the Capital Account of the Member is restored to the
amount before the income recognition.

           6.5      Allocation of Net Profits Losses and Distributions In Respect of a Transferred Interest. If
any Membership Interest is transferred, or is increased or decreased by reason of the admission of a new Member or
otherwise during any Fiscal Year, each item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the Company for the Fiscal
Year will be assigned pro rata to each day in the particular period of the Fiscal Year to which the item is attributable
(i.e., the day on or during which it is accrued or otherwise incurred) and the amount of each item will be allocated to
the Member based on the Member’s respective Membership Interest at the close of that day. However, for purposes
of accounting convenience and simplicity, the Company will treat a transfer of, or an increase or decrease in, a
Membership Interest which occurs at any time during a semi-monthly period (commencing with the semi-monthly
period including the date of this Agreement) as having been consummated on the last day of the semi-monthly
period, regardless of when during the semi-monthly period the transfer, increase, or decrease actually occurs (i.e.,
sales and dispositions made during the first 15 days of any month will be deemed to have been made on the 15th day
of the month, while sales and dispositions made on or after the 16th day of each month will be deemed to have been
made on the last day of the month). Notwithstanding any provision above to the contrary, the Manager(s) may elect,
in their sole discretion, to use another method of accounting for purposes of this Section 6.5, and gain or loss of the
Company realized in connection with a sale or other disposition of any of the assets of the Company will be
allocated solely to the parties owning Membership Interests as of the date the sale or other disposition occurs.

         6.6      Distribution of Assets.

                   (a)     Subject to applicable law and any limitations contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the
Manager(s) will calculate the estimated amount of all Members’ anticipated income tax liability on the Company’s
income taxable to its Members for each taxable year by multiplying the Company’s taxable income by the combined
maximum federal income tax rate and the maximum state income tax rate applicable to such income, taking into
account any impact of the deductibility of state income taxes for purposes of determining federal income taxes. The
Manager(s) will distribute Distributable Cash to each Member not later than April 14th of each year in an amount of
the Member’s estimated tax liability as described above (the “Tax Distribution”). The tax rate will be the same for
each Member. Each Member agrees that, if there is a change in Percentage Interests of the Company in one taxable
year, distributions made in the next following taxable year may, in the discretion of the Manager(s), be made on the
basis of the varying Percentage Interest (on a per day/per Percentage Interest basis) of all Members of the Company
during the preceding taxable year. Tax Distributions will not offset future distributions of Distributable Cash or be
treated as an advance on future distributions. In the event that a contractual obligation prohibits the Company from
making a Tax Distribution, the Company will make a good faith effort to have the prohibition imposed by the
contractual obligation removed and will cause a distribution of such portion, if any, of the Tax Distribution that is
not prohibited to be made pro rata to Members based on their Percentage Interest.

                   (b)     Subject to applicable law and any limitations in this Agreement, the Manager(s) will
distribute Distributable Cash from general operations of the Company (i.e., other than Capital Transaction Proceeds)
to the Members, which distributions will be made all of the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests.

                  (c)   Notwithstanding Section 6.6(b), and subject to applicable law and any limitations in this
Agreement, the Manager(s) will distribute Capital Transaction Proceeds to all of the Members in proportion to their
Percentage Interests.

                   (d)       All distributions will be made only to the persons who, according to the Company’s
books and records, are the record holders of the Economic Interests in respect of which distributions are made on the
actual date of distribution. Neither the Company nor the Manager(s) will incur any liability for making distributions
in accordance with this Section 6.6.

         6.7      Form of Distribution. A Member, regardless of the nature of the Member’s Capital Contribution,
has no right to demand and receive any distribution from the Company in any form other than money. No Member
may be compelled to accept from the Company a distribution of any asset in kind in lieu of a proportionate




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
