be applied and distributed as provided in Section 10.4. The Members winding up the Company’s affairs will give
written notice of the commencement of winding up by mail to all known creditors and claimants whose addresses
appear on the Company’s records. The Members winding up the Company’s affairs will be entitled to reasonable
compensation for their services.

          10.3 Distributions in Kind. Any non-cash asset distributed to one or more Members will first be
valued at its fair market value to determine the Net Profit or Net Loss that would have resulted if it were sold for that
value. The Net Profit or Net Loss will then be allocated pursuant to Article 6, and the Members’ Capital Accounts
will be adjusted to reflect those allocations. The amount distributed and charged to the Capital Account of each
Member receiving an interest in the distributed asset will be the fair market value (net of any liability secured by the
asset that a Member assumes or takes subject to). The asset’s fair market value will be determined by the
Manager(s) or by the Members or if any Member objects by an independent appraiser (any such appraiser must be
recognized as an expert in valuing the type of asset involved) selected by the Manager(s) or liquidating trustee and
approved by the Members.

          10.4 Order of Payment of Liabilities on Dissolution. After determining that all known Company
debts and liabilities in the process of winding-up, including debts and liabilities to Members who are creditors of the
Company, have been paid or adequately provided for, the remaining assets will be distributed to the Members in
accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 6.6, after taking into account income and loss allocations for the
Company’s taxable year during which liquidation occurs. The liquidating distributions will be made by the end of
the Company’s taxable year in which the Company is liquidated, or, if later, within 90 days after the date of the
liquidation. The payment of a debt or liability, whether the whereabouts of the creditor is known or unknown, has
been adequately provided for if the payment has been provided for by either (a) payment thereof has been assumed
or guaranteed in good faith by one or more financially responsible persons or by the U.S. government or any agency
thereof, and the provision, including the financial responsibility of the person, was determined in good faith and
with reasonable care by the Members or Manager(s) to be adequate at the time of any distribution of the assets
pursuant to this Section, or (b) the amount of the debt or liability has been deposited. This Section 10.4 will not
prescribe the exclusive means of making adequate provision for debts and liabilities.

         10.5 Compliance with Regulations. All payments to the Members on the Company’s winding up and
dissolution will be strictly in accordance with the positive capital account balance limitation and other requirements
of Regulations § 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d).

         10.6 Limitations on Payments Made in Dissolution. Except as otherwise specifically provided in
this Agreement, each Member will only be entitled to look solely at the Company’s assets for the return of the
Member’s positive Capital Account balance and will have no recourse for the Member’s Capital Contribution and/or
share of Net Profits (on dissolution or otherwise) against the Manager(s) or any other Member except as provided in
Article 11.

         10.7 Articles of Termination. As soon as possible after the occurrence of the events specified in Act §
428-805(a), the Members will file Articles of Termination with the Department of Commerce and Consumer
Affairs.

          10.8 No Action for Dissolution. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, a Member will not
take any voluntary action that directly causes the dissolution of the Company. The Members acknowledge that
irreparable damage would be done to the Company’s goodwill and reputation if any Member should bring an action
in court to dissolve it under circumstances where dissolution is not required by Section 10.1. This Agreement has
been drawn carefully to provide fair treatment of all parties and equitable payment in liquidation of the Economic
Interests. Accordingly, except where the Manager(s) have failed to liquidate the Company as required by this
Article 10, each Member waives and renounces the Member’s right to initiate legal action to seek the appointment of
a receiver or trustee to liquidate the Company or to seek a decree of judicial dissolution of the Company on the
ground that (a) it is not reasonably practicable to carry on its business in conformity with the Articles or this
Agreement, or (b) dissolution is reasonably necessary for the protection of the rights or interests of the complaining
Member. Damages for breach of this Section 10.8 will be monetary damages only (and not specific performance),



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
