                                                                                               00000041.0
         B.      We and those we appoint have the right to locate and/or consent to the location and
operation anywhere of other Panda Express Restaurants (or any other brand restaurants) and/or other
businesses and/or other distribution channels of any type, including but not limited to grocery outlets and
the Internet, whether or not using the Marks or System. You have no rights to exclude any such businesses
regardless of their proximity to you. We and the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities can develop or become
associated with other concepts, including dual branding and/or other license/franchise systems, for any
kind of products and/or services, whether or not using the Panda Express System and/or the Marks, in our
sole and absolute discretion.

         C.      We and our Affiliates can acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any
transaction with other businesses, whether competitive or not, with restaurants or other businesses located
anywhere. Such transactions may include, but are not limited to, arrangements involving competing outlets
and brand conversions to or from the Panda Express Marks and System. You agree promptly to participate
at your expense in any such conversion, provided that we shall not require you to undertake conversion
expenses at a particular Restaurant for which you would be required to spend Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) or more, unless we determine that the same would be commercially reasonable considering the
remaining term of your contract to provide food service at such Restaurant or such changes are being rolled
out or implemented on a nationwide basis for all of our or our affiliate-owned Panda Express locations.

3.        DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF RESTAURANTS.

          3.1    Site Selection.

         A.        You are solely responsible for identifying a site for the proposed development of a
Restaurant. You agree to deliver to us at least ninety (90) days in advance of selecting a site a written
notice of your site approval request along with our then current site submittal package materials, which may
include, but are not limited to, plans, leases, and architectural drawings. We agree to advise you in writing
within thirty (30) days of our receipt of notice and of the complete site submittal package whether or not we
agree to authorize the proposed location. If you do not receive such a notice from us within such thirty (30)-
day period, then our authorization shall be deemed to have been withheld. We have sole and absolute
discretion regarding the authorization of a site. You must not operate any Restaurant, use any of the Marks
from or at any location, or make any commitments regarding a site until you have our written site
authorization and we also have mutually signed copies of the Exhibit 2.1 applicable to the Restaurant, as
provided in Section 2.1 A, above. We make no representations or warranties as to the success of any site
or as to any other matter of any kind relating to the site.

        B.       All matters related in any way to your site, its development, construction and equipment,
and its compliance with all applicable legal/governmental requirements are your sole responsibility,
including related costs and expenses.

         C.      We have the right to approve the terms of any lease, sublease or purchase agreement for
each Restaurant, and you agree to deliver a copy to us before you sign it. You agree that any lease or
sublease for a Restaurant must, in form and substance, be satisfactory to us and comply with any
requirements set forth in our System Standard. You may not execute a lease, sublease, purchase
agreement or any modification thereof without our approval, which will be granted or denied within thirty
(30) days in writing after we receive a complete copy of the lease, sublease, purchase agreement or
modification thereof along with any related materials we may reasonably request. You must lease, sublease
or execute a purchase agreement for the Restaurant, execute the Collateral Assignment of Lease and
obtain the landlord’s approval in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 3.1 within two hundred and
ten (210) days after any applicable Site Search Implementation Date stated on Exhibit 2.1 of this
Agreement, unless we agree in writing to an extended timeframe.

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 3
