                                                                                               00000041.0
          10.3   Compliance with Laws and Ethical Business Practices.

          A.      It is your sole responsibility to identify and obtain all authorizations necessary to your
Restaurant operation. While we may from time to time provide information about various laws, regulations
and ordinances, and safety or legal guidelines, you are solely responsible for identifying and complying with
all those laws, regulations and ordinances applicable to the Restaurants and the Licensed Business,
including without limitation and to the extent applicable, privacy and data protection laws, rules and
requirements, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, any state wage and
hour or workers compensation act, any state unemployment compensation benefit law or regulation, or any
other federal, state or local employment-related or employee benefit requirement. You agree to obtain and
to maintain all licenses, permits, certificates, registrations and other authorizations required in connection
with each Restaurant and to operate in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations.
You agree to conduct your Restaurant operations in an ethical manner. You shall notify us in writing within
five (5) days of the commencement of any action or proceeding and/or of the issuance of any governmental
or public agency or department order, decree or other action pertaining to your Restaurant(s), and of any
notice of violation of any law, ordinance or regulation relating to a Restaurant, including without limitation
any inspection reports, warnings, notices and citations. In addition to any reporting requirements otherwise
required in this Agreement, you agree to provide us information we reasonably request relating to your
compliance with any applicable data and cybersecurity requirements.

         B.      You agree to comply and/or assist us in our compliance efforts, as applicable, with any and
all laws, regulations, Executive Orders or otherwise relating to antiterrorist activities, including without
limitation the U.S. Patriot Act, Executive Order 13224, and related U.S. Treasury and/or other regulations.
In connection with such compliance efforts, you agree not to enter into any prohibited transactions and to
properly perform any currency reporting and other activities relating to your Licensed Business as may be
required by us or by law. You are solely responsible for ascertaining what actions must be taken by you to
comply with all such laws, orders and/or regulations, and specifically acknowledge and agree that your
indemnification responsibilities as provided in Section 7.4 pertain to your obligations hereunder. You agree
to sign and deliver to us along with a signed copy of this Agreement the attached Exhibit 10.3, “EXECUTIVE
ORDER 13224 AND RELATED CERTIFICATIONS”.

         C.       You must comply with the then-current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and
any revision to it adapted by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (the “PCI Council”) or any successor
organization and any standards we may specify. You shall implement enhancements and security
requirements and other requirements established by the PCI Council for merchants accepting payment by
credit or debit cards.

          10.4   Management and Personnel of Your Restaurant, Training.

        A.       A Store Manager who has successfully completed initial training and met then-current
standards will be exclusively designated to manage each of your Restaurants and must be on site at each
Restaurant during all operating hours. Any change in the Store Manager or Designated Individual requires
the proposed individual to attend and successfully complete the next available, initial training program for
Store Managers, including certification requirements. You shall notify us of such change in the Store
Manager or Designated Individual.

         B.     You are solely responsible for the hiring and management of your Restaurant employees,
for the terms of their employment and for ensuring their compliance with any training or other System
requirements established by us from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion. We may require that
a Store Manager, Assistant Manager and/or Head Chef working in your Restaurants be solely dedicated to
Panda Express Restaurants and not work in any other business owned or operated by you.

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                            Page 22
