                                                                                                 00000041.0
       B.      You agree to give to us within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of your fiscal years,
an unaudited fiscal year-end balance sheet and income statement for each Restaurant, prepared in
accordance with GAAP, and verified and signed by you.

         C.      You agree to provide such other data, information and supporting records for your
Restaurants as we reasonably may request from time to time. You authorize us to receive, and our
designated suppliers to provide, information about your purchases for your Restaurants. We have the right
to have full access to your point of sale and computer systems and retrieve all information and data they
contain relating to your Restaurants as often as we deem appropriate, including on a daily basis. You will
fully cooperate with such efforts to access the cash register/point-of-sale system, camera systems and
other computer systems that you are required to maintain in connection with the operation of your
Restaurant and to retrieve all information relating to the sales and operation of the Restaurant.

          12.3   Annual Review.

        You and we will engage in an annual review of your Panda Express operations, including a review
of historical and projected performance data, business plans, growth strategies and other relevant
information. Such review will be in a manner and at a time and place we reasonably select, and may be
conducted in person, telephonically, or by such other means we consider appropriate for such purposes.

13.       INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS.

          13.1   Inspections.

          A.         To ensure you are meeting Panda Express operations standards, you agree to permit us
and/or our agents/representatives at any time during business hours and without prior notice to you, subject
to the notification and security requirements of your Client, if any, to i) inspect each Restaurant licensed to
you, its condition, operating equipment and assets, and related activities and items and to record and/or
photograph the same, including any “mystery shopping” activities; ii) remove samples for testing and
analysis; iii) interview personnel; iv) interview and/or survey customers; v) inspect store, review operations
processes and sample food quality; and vi) conduct inventories and other activities for the purpose of
determining your compliance with this Agreement. We and/or our designees or companies employed by us
will conduct inspections for the purpose of evaluating the operations of each Restaurant with respect to the
current System Standards for quality, service and cleanliness, among other requirements. You must pay
any costs or fees charged in connection with evaluations conducted by independent third parties. Such
costs or fees may be billed by the third parties to us or our Affiliate for all Restaurants, in which case you
will reimburse us or our Affiliate as applicable for your portion of the related cost. The frequency and cost
of such evaluations shall be the same for your Restaurant(s) as for Panda Express Restaurants owned and
operated by us and/or any Affiliate of ours. You agree to cooperate fully in connection with any such
activities. If a third party lessor or Facility operations manager for a Restaurant restricts access for purposes
of any of the activities contemplated by this Section 13, you agree to diligently attempt to obtain such third
party’s consent to our access in the same manner as you would to obtain such a consent for purposes of
gaining access for your employees and agents.

         B.     Panda Express quality control programs as of the Effective Date of this Agreement are set
forth in our Manual or otherwise by us in writing and are subject to change.

        C.       In order to maintain the Brand, you shall make available to us the right to enter any Facility
and Restaurant premises at any time to inspect the Restaurant premises and review the food safety
documentation that shall be maintained on the Restaurant premises (e.g., temperature logs, etc.); provided
that such entry shall not materially and adversely interfere with your business operations in the Facility, and

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 29
