                     CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       DECEMBER 30, 2023 AND DECEMBER 31, 2022




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Revenue Recognition
         In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards
         Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), the
         Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
         services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive
         in exchange for those goods or services.

         To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are
         within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs the following five steps:

            1) Identify the contract(s) with a customer;

            2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract;

            3) Determine the transaction price;

            4) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

            5) Recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation.


         in the accounting for initial service income. Initial service income represents a nonrefundable
         initial fee, which the Company recognized upon the store opening, when substantially all of
         the initial services by the Company had been performed. The initial services include initial
         development services, generic interior layout assistance, initial training, and provision of
         operating manuals. In accordance with Topic 606, initial services income is recognized as
         the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the franchise term on a straight-line
         basis, which is generally between five to ten years, because the services provided by the
         Company are highly interrelated with the franchise license and as such are considered to
         represent a single performance obligation. The unrecognized portion of initial service fees is
         recorded as deferred initial service income.

         There is no impact from Topic 606 on revenue recognition policies related to other fees and
         royalties. The Company recognizes other fees and royalties as earned when the franchises
         report the associated revenue to the Company.

         The Company generates revenues primarily through royalties, initial service fees, and
         licensed restaurant mark-up.




                                                  (8)
