                                                                                                  00000041.0
such mediation to follow as quickly thereafter as possible. Judgment on any preliminary or final arbitration
award will be final and binding, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator’s award
shall be in writing. On request by either party, the arbitrator shall provide to all disputants a reasoned opinion
with findings of fact and conclusions of law, and the party so requesting shall pay the arbitrator’s fees and
costs connected therewith.

      B.       Confidentiality.   The parties to any mediation/arbitration will sign confidentiality
agreements, excepting only public disclosures and filings as are required by law.

         C.      Location and Attendees. Any mediation/arbitration will be conducted exclusively at a
neutral location in the county in which our then-current headquarters is located (currently, Los Angeles
County), which may change from time to time, and be attended by you and us, and/or designees authorized
to make binding commitments on behalf of you or us, respectively. You and we agree that the provisions
of this Section will control, notwithstanding any language included in our Franchise Disclosure Documents
due to state requirements suggesting that the provisions of any section might be unenforceable due to a
failure to have a meeting of the minds or otherwise. Neither you nor we have any expectation that the
provisions of this (or any other) section will be unenforceable or that they will not be enforced. You
understand and agree that one effect of this paragraph may be that arbitration and other related costs may
be greater than if those proceedings took place in a location near your residence or business. If this
provision is unenforceable for any reason, mediation/arbitration will be conducted at a neutral location in
the county in which your principal place of business is located.

         D.       Arbitration Authority. Arbitrators in any proceeding under this Section 19 shall apply all
applicable law, and a failure to apply the applicable law in accord with Section 19.11 shall be deemed an
act in excess of authority and reviewable by the courts and the parties expressly agree that any arbitration
award can be reviewed and overturned by a court for legal error. The arbitrator shall decide any questions
relating in any way to the parties’ agreement, or claimed agreement, to arbitrate, including but not limited
to applicability, subject matter, arbitrability, timeliness, scope, remedies, formation issues or purportedly
void or voidable provisions of the Agreement and any alleged fraud in the inducement. The arbitrator may
issue summary orders disposing of all or part of a claim and provide for temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions, injunctions, attachments, claim and delivery proceedings, temporary protective
orders, receiverships and other equitable and/or interim/final relief. Each party consents to the enforcement
of such orders, injunctions, or other relief by any court having jurisdiction. The subpoena powers of the
arbitrator with respect to witnesses to appear at the arbitration proceeding shall not be subject to any
geographical limitation.

        E.     Discovery. The disputants shall have the same discovery rights as are available in civil
actions under California law as selected in Section 19.11.

          F.     Compulsory Counter-claims. Each participant must submit or file any claim that would
constitute a compulsory counter-claim (as defined by the applicable rule under the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such Claim that is not submitted
or filed in such proceeding will be forever barred. In no event shall offers and/or other communications
made in connection with, or related in any way to, mediation, possible settlement or other resolution of a
dispute be admitted into evidence or otherwise used in any arbitration or other proceeding.

         G.      Fees and Costs. The parties will bear their own fees and costs, including Attorneys’ Fees,
for matters settled through agreement of the parties. For matters not settled through agreement of the
parties and to the extent the arbitrator designates a party as non-prevailing, the arbitrator shall assess fees
and costs incurred in connection with the arbitration against the non-prevailing party, and the non-prevailing


                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 44
