determine in their absolute discretion. Transfers in violation of this Article 7 will only be effective to the extent set
forth in Section 7.7. After consummation of any Transfer of all or part of a Membership Interest, the Membership
Interest so Transferred will continue to be subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and any further
Transfers will be required to comply with this Agreement.

           7.2      Further Restrictions on Transfer. In addition to other restrictions in this Agreement, no
Member may Transfer all or part of the Member’s Membership Interest: (a) without compliance with Section 12.9,
or (b) if the Manager(s) reasonably determine that the Membership Interest to be Transferred, when added to the
total of all other Membership Interests Transferred in the preceding 12 consecutive months, has a substantial
likelihood of causing the Company’s termination under the IRC.

          7.3      Substitution of Members. A transferee of a Membership Interest will have the right to become a
substitute Member only if (a) the securities and tax requirements of this Agreement and applicable law are met, (b)
the transferee executes an instrument satisfactory to the Manager(s) accepting and adopting this Agreement, (c) the
transferee is approved in accordance with the terms of the Company’s License Agreement(s) from Citadel Panda
Express, Inc., and (d) the transferee pays any reasonable expenses in connection with admission as a new Member.
The admission of a substitute Member will not result in the release of the Member who assigned the Membership
Interest from any liability that the [former] Member may have to the Company.

          7.4      Family and Affiliate Transfers. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.7, a Member may transfer
his Economic Membership Interest, but not his Membership Interest, by inter vivos gift or bequest upon the death of
the Member, outright or in trust, to or for the benefit of the Member’s spouse and/or the lineal ancestors,
descendants, or nieces and nephews of the Member or his or her spouse. However, no Transfer pursuant to this
Section 7.4 will be valid unless and until the transferee acknowledges in writing that the transferee will be bound by
all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of this Agreement.

          7.5      Effective Date of Permitted Transfers. Any permitted Transfer of all or part of a Membership
Interest or Economic Interest will be effective as of the date provided in Section 6.5 following the date on which the
requirements of Sections 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3 have been met. The Manager(s) will provide all Members with written
notice of the transfer as promptly as possible after the requirements of those Sections have been met. Any transferee
of a Membership Interest or Economic Interest will be subject to the restrictions on transfer imposed by this
Agreement.

         7.6      Rights of Legal Representatives. If a Member who is an individual dies or is adjudged by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be incompetent to manage the Member’s person or property, that Member’s
executor, administrator, guardian, conservator, or other legal representative may exercise all of that Member’s rights
for the purpose of settling that Member’s estate or administering that Member’s property, including any power that
the Member has under the Articles or this Agreement to give an assignee the right to become a Member, or
complying with that Member’s obligations under this Agreement. If a Member is an entity and is dissolved or
terminated, that Member’s legal representative or successor will be likewise empowered.

          7.7       Effect to Transfers in Violation. If a Member attempts to make a Transfer of a Membership
Interest in violation of this Article 7, the following provisions will apply:

                    (a)       The transferee will have no right to vote or otherwise participate in the management of
the Company’s business, property, and affairs or to exercise any rights of a Member. The transferee will only be
entitled to become an Economic Interest Owner and thereafter will only receive the share of the Company’s Net
Profits, Net Losses, and distributions of the Company’s assets to which the transferor of the Economic Interest
would otherwise be entitled. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentences, if, in the Manager(s)’ determination, a
transfer in violation of this Article 7 would cause the Company’s termination under the IRC, in the Manager(s)’ sole
discretion, the transfer will be null and void and the purported transferee will not become either a Member or an
Economic Interest Owner.

                   (b)      The Company will have the option to acquire from the transferring Member the balance
of the rights associated with the Membership Interest transferred by the Member (that is, all rights other than the


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
