days prior to your commitment date for your lease or land purchase. You also send required site
submittal package materials, which include plans, leases, and architectural drawings. We will
advise you in writing whether or not we agree to authorize the proposed location within 30 days
of our receipt of the notice and materials. If you do not receive a notice from us, our authorization
is considered withheld. We are not required to approve any location. We have the right to
approve the terms of the lease/sublease or purchase agreement for your location. We can require
that a proposed lease for any Restaurant include terms for the protection of our intellectual
property rights and that you sign a collateral assignment of lease agreement. (License
Agreement, Section 3.1 C.) The current form of collateral assignment is attached to the license
agreement as Exhibit 3.1. If you and we have not identified a Site Search Implementation Date
on Exhibit 2.1 of the License Agreement and we have not approved any proposed location by the
2nd anniversary of the Effective Date for your License Agreement, your License Agreement will
expire. You must not operate any Restaurant, use the Marks or make any commitments regarding
a site until you have our written site authorization.

        If you purchase an existing Panda Express Restaurant from PEI your authorized location
also will be identified on Schedule A-1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement.

       Contractor and Subcontractor Status

         We are not a contractor or subcontractor, agent, or employee of yours. You are an
independent contractor and solely responsible for paying all taxes on payments received. You
are required to direct and control your subcontractors and have full responsibility for all work,
whether performed by you or your subcontractors. In this regard, you are responsible for the acts,
omissions, or negligence of your employees, subcontractors and of all employees or agents of
your subcontractors. You also are responsible for your subcontractors’ compliance with the
requirements of their contract, and with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You have
exclusive control over the day to day operations of your Restaurant(s), including the right to hire
and fire each employee and to make all decisions relating to staffing, scheduling, wages,
discipline, safety and security and other terms and conditions of their employment. We are not a
joint employer with you and at no time will your employees be our employees or the employees
of any Affiliate of ours.

       Typical Length of Time to Open your Restaurant

         We estimate the typical length of time from our approval of a proposed site to the opening
of your Restaurant to be not more than 365 days. Factors affecting this length of time, and which
might extend it beyond 365 days, can include availability of leasable space, inventory, equipment
and supplies and obtaining all required permits, licenses, authorizations and insurance coverage.
Unless you and we have identified a Site Search Implementation Date on Exhibit 2.1 of the
License Agreement, there is no time limit for you to submit a written request for a site
consideration or for opening of your Restaurant, but the initial term under the Agreement expires
if no site is authorized by the second anniversary of the Agreement. You are required to give us
an opportunity to review the lease before signing it and also must sign the collateral assignment
of lease attached as Exhibit 3.1 of the License Agreement, which gives us the option to take over
your lease if you default or your license for that Restaurant is terminated. Either party can cancel
the License Agreement before a site is authorized under the Agreement.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                32
