                                                                                                00000041.0
          16.8    Non Exclusive Remedies.

        Whenever a right to Terminate this Agreement exists by reason of default, the non-defaulting party
will have all remedies allowed at law and in equity. No right or remedy is exclusive of any other right or
remedy, and any available rights and/or remedies may be sought.

          16.9    No Equity on Termination, etc.

         Your rights regarding the License are controlled by the provisions of this Agreement. You will have
no equity or any other continuing interest in the License, any goodwill associated with it, or any right to
compensation or refunds at the Termination with or without cause of the License and/or the expiration of
the last Operating Term for the final Restaurant.

          16.10   Our Right To Discontinue Supplying Items Upon Default.

          We and any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities have the right to require that you pay C.O.D, by
certified check or by wire transfer for any goods/services related to the operation of your Licensed Business.
We may elect to stop selling and/or providing any such goods and/or services until you have cured any
financial default. Neither we nor any supplier designated by us shall be obligated to fill or ship any orders
from you that are pending or ordered at the Termination of this Agreement, or, with respect to any given
Restaurant, at the termination or expiration of the applicable Operating Term.

          16.11   Cross-Defaults.

        Any default by you under this Agreement may be regarded by us as a default under any other
agreement between us (or any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities) and you. Any default by you under any
other agreement or any other obligation between us (or any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities) and you
may be regarded as a default under this Agreement. Any default by you in undisputed payments owed to
any supplier designated by us or under any occupancy agreement, lease, sublease, loan agreement, or
security interest relating to the Licensed Business may be regarded as a default under this Agreement,
regardless of whether or not any such agreements are between you and us.

          16.12   Management of the Restaurant(s) After Uncured Default.

         A.       If after written notice you fail to cure within any applicable cure period a default under any
System Standard and/or operational requirement at your Restaurant(s), subject to Client’s approval, we will
have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole and absolute discretion, to manage all or any such
Restaurant(s) for so long as we consider appropriate in our sole discretion pursuant to the management
agreement in the form satisfactory to us, or assign such management right, at our sole and absolute
discretion, to any third party operator to manage your Restaurant(s). All revenues and other charges
received or earned by the Restaurant(s) which we are, or our designee is, managing will be accounted for
separately. In addition to the royalty payable under Section 9.2 above, you agree to pay to us a
management fee of seven percent (7%) of the Gross Volume of each such Restaurant managed by us. In
addition to such management fee, you shall reimburse us for our actual compensation and other costs
incurred in staffing/managing the Restaurant(s), as well as any related accommodations costs and travel
and living expenses for applicable staff. We may directly deduct from such Gross Volume the management
fees and related costs, royalties, and any other amounts otherwise payable by you to us under this
Agreement and to any Restaurant supplier. Our or our designee’s operation of the Restaurant(s) shall be
on your behalf; provided that we shall have a duty to use commercially reasonable efforts only, shall not
warrant or assure any Restaurants success and/or profitability, and shall not be liable to any creditor of
yours, or for any debts, losses or obligations incurred by the Restaurant(s). We shall pay to you on a monthly

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 39
