___________, under the commercial arbitration rules then existing of the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA”) or its successor. Any award or decision obtained from any such arbitration proceeding will be final and
binding on the parties, and judgment on any award thus obtained may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof. No action at law or in equity based on any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement will be
instituted in any court by any Member except an action to compel arbitration pursuant to, or an action to enforce an
award obtained in an arbitration proceeding in accordance with, this Section 13.6.

          13.7 Attorneys’ Fees. If any dispute between the Company and the Members or among the Members
results in litigation or arbitration, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the others all reasonable fees,
costs and expenses of enforcing any right of the prevailing party, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, and
expert witnesses’ fees.

        13.8 Severability. If any term, covenant, or condition of this Agreement is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and
effect.

         13.9 Additional Documents and Acts. Each Member and Manager will execute and deliver any
additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts that may be necessary or appropriate to
effectuate, carry out, and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          13.10 Notices. Any notice to be given or to be served on the Company or any Member of Manager in
connection with this Agreement must be in writing (which may include facsimile) and will be deemed to have been
given and received (a) when delivered to the address in Exhibit A specified by the party to receive the notice, (b)
when delivered to the address in Exhibit A by nationally recognized delivery service with tracking confirmation; or
(c) when three business days have elapsed following deposit in the U.S. mail, certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, first-class postage prepaid, addressed to the address indicated in Exhibit A. Any party may, at any
time by giving five days prior written notice to the other parties, designate any other address in substitution of the
foregoing address to which notice will be given. Transmission to a fax machine specified in a notice of this type
will be acceptable provided a further copy is transmitted using another agreed upon delivery methodology.

          13.11 Amendments. All amendments to this Agreement must be approved by the Manager(s) and will
be in writing and signed by the Manager(s); provided that, any amendment that (i) varies a Member’s economic
interest in the Company, (ii) varies a Member’s required Capital Contributions to the Company, or (iii) varies a
Member’s voting rights in the Company, must be approved by Member(s) holding a Majority Interest so affected.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, amendments may be made to this Agreement from time to time by the
Manager(s), without the consent or approval of the Members; (a) to add to the duties or obligations of the
Manager(s), or surrender any right or power granted to the Manager(s) in this Agreement; (b) to cure any ambiguity,
to correct or supplement any provision in this Agreement that is inconsistent with any other provision in this
Agreement or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement which
will not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement; (c) to delete or add any provision of this Agreement
required to be so deleted or added by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission or other federal agency
or by a state securities commissioner or similar such official, which addition or deletion is deemed by the
commission, agency, or official to be for the benefit or protection of the Members; (d) to change the name, or the
location of the principal executive office, of the Company; (e) to reflect reductions in the Capital Contributions of
the Members resulting from the return of capital to the Members in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement; (f) to reflect increases or reductions in the Percentage Interests of the Members resulting from the
admission of new Members or withdrawal or buyout of existing Members in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement (g) to admit new and substituted Members; (h) to establish new or additional classes of Membership
Interests; and (i) to make a change which is necessary to qualify the Company as a limited liability company under
the laws of any state.

        13.12 Reliance on Authority. If a Member is not a natural person, neither the Company nor any
Member will (a) be required to determine the authority of the individual signing below to make any commitment or
undertaking on behalf of the entity or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing on the existence of the authority


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
