                                                                                             CliftonLarsonAllen LLP
                                                                                             CLAconnect.com




Shareholder and Management
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and its Subsidiary
Rosemead, California


Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Citadel Panda Express, Inc.
and its Subsidiary, collectively a wholly-owned subsidiary of Panda Express, Inc., which comprise the
consolidated balance sheets as of December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and the related

ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 30, 2023
and December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the thirteen periods
then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under thos
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
required to be independent of Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and Subsidiary and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion.

Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there
are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Citadel Panda

consolidated financial statements are available to be issued.



CLA (CliftonLarsonAllen LLP) is an independent network member of CLA Global. See CLAglobal.com/disclaimer.
                                                                             (1)
