       If your proposed Restaurant is to be located in a shared concept site where multiple brands
may use common facilities, such as beverage fountains, we can require that you sign an
addendum to the License Agreement before we approve the site. The addendum appears as
Schedule 1 to the License Agreement and includes terms for operating and handling your Panda
Express activities on a shared concept site. For example, you are required to ensure that Products
are not commingled with or held in common storage with another concept’s items. You must
provide dedicated Equipment to allow for separation. The head chef of another concept cannot
have any access to the back of the house operations for your Restaurant. Additionally, Section
21 of the License Agreement promotes licensing additional Panda Express Restaurants if the
licensee has an opportunity to do so.

        You must comply with the Client contract’s rules and must sign and comply with any code
of conduct or similar form we or the Client contract might provide for your Restaurant. You must
do your best to resolve any inconsistency between our System Standards and a Client contract’s
rules, so that there is as little deviation from System Standards as possible.

ITEM 17.       RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

      This table lists important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You
should carefully read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure
Document.

                               THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

 LICENSE AGREEMENT
      PROVISION                SECTION                              SUMMARY
a. Length of the           Section 2.1         Overall license is for an unlimited term, subject to
franchise term                                 termination rights. The License Agreement
                                               expires after 2 years if no Restaurant location has
                                               been authorized, subject to parties’ rights to
                                               terminate earlier.
                                               Operating term for a specific Restaurant is 10
                                               years from the date on which you open your
                                               Restaurant to serve food to the public.

b. Renewal or              Section 15.1        When the operating term for your Restaurant
extension of the term                          expires, you may be eligible for a successor
                                               operating term for, a single 5-year period, without
                                               any further term.

c. Requirements for        Sections 15.2       For the applicable Restaurant, a) you must provide
you to renew or            and 15.3            advance written notice of election to obtain
extend                                         successor operating term (this written notice must
                                               be provided between 6 and 12 months before the
                                               expiration of the operating term); b) you must be in
                                               Good Standing; c) the Restaurant must comply
                                               with then-current standards for new Units, which
                                               can require a complete update to the Restaurant

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                51
