                                                                                                      00000041.0
receives a valid legal order or is otherwise required by Applicable Laws to disclose any of Licensor’s
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets to any Governmental Agency or court, Licensee should
promptly notify Licensor in writing regarding such receipt of the request and provide a copy of the
request and all relevant information regarding the request as it pertains to Licensor’s Confidential
Information or Trade Secrets, including any specific required date for dissemination. Before complying
with the request, subject to any specific disclosure deadline in the request, Licensee should provide
Licensor at least 14 days’ time to review the request and, at Licensor’s election and cost, permit
Licensor to seek a protective order or other remedy with the requesting party. Licensee must provide
Licensor with reasonable assistance with any such action Licensor elects to undertake. If Licensor
elects not to contest the request or if Licensor is unsuccessful with its efforts and Licensee remains
legally compelled to make such disclosure, then Licensee may do so, but Licensee should: (a) only
disclose that portion of the Confidential Information or Trade Secrets that it is required to disclose; (b)
use reasonable efforts to ensure that such Confidential Information or Trade Secrets is afforded
confidential treatment; and (c) concurrently provide Licensor a copy of all information provided to the
governmental authority.

8.2.      Exclusivity.

          A.      During the term of this Agreement, the Operating Term of any Restaurant, and any
successor Operating Term authorized by us pursuant to this Agreement, neither you nor any Affiliate of
yours shall offer, sell or provide (or permit, authorize or grant a sublease to any other person or entity to offer,
sell or provide), any Asian-style food items at any location within the Facility (including without limitation,
Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Korean-style food items), except for i) Panda Express brand Asian-style food
items in accordance with this Agreement or any other Panda Express license agreement, and ii) any other
restaurant or food service business located within the Facility that we license to serve Asian-style food items
(if any). The foregoing notwithstanding, if the Facility includes residence/employee dining services or you
or an Affiliate of yours are independently engaged in providing catering services at a restaurant or food
service business location within the Facility, then you are authorized to serve Asian-style food items in
connection with such dining services or catering activities so long as i) the items served are not similar to
or appear to be modeled after any Panda Express signature dishes, such as Orange Chicken, Beijing Beef,
or Honey Walnut Shrimp; and ii) such Asian-style food items account for less than five percent (5%) of food
sales from such dining services or catering services on a monthly basis.

          B.      If you breach this provision, our remedies will include, but not be limited to, the right to receive
all profits generated in connection with the breach until the date you comply.

          8.3     Equitable Relief.

        You and we acknowledge and agree that any violation of this Section 8 will cause the non-breaching
party immediate and irreparable harm, which monetary damages cannot adequately remedy. A party’s
exercise of its rights hereunder to obtain equitable relief pursuant to Section 19 of this Agreement is
additional to and does not limit the availability of any other remedy we may have in law or equity.

9.        FEES.

          9.1     Initial License Fee, Releases.

        A.      The Initial License Fee shall be Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000). The Initial
License Fee is due for each Restaurant to be developed hereunder. Each Initial License Fee is fully earned
and due within five (5) days of your receipt of our written authorization for a Restaurant, along with the


                                   Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                  Page 14
