       Subject            Hours of Classroom       Hours of On-The-Job               Location
                               Training                  Training
       Cleaning                     1                        4                 Panda’s company-
                                                                               owned Panda Express
                                                                               Restaurant(s),
                                                                               Licensee’s Certified
                                                                               Training Unit, or at
                                                                               some other location
                                                                               Panda designates.
     Practice and                   0                        13                Panda’s company-
    Demonstration                                                              owned Panda Express
                                                                               Restaurant(s),
                                                                               Licensee’s Certified
                                                                               Training Unit, or at
                                                                               some other location
                                                                               Panda designates.

        As mentioned above, initial training requires Store Manager(s), Assistant Manager(s) and
Head Chef(s)/Cook(s) to pass applicable certification tests. Going forward, on an annual basis,
at least 6 Head Chefs and/or Cooks, in any combination, for your Restaurant will be required to
obtain updated cooking certifications.

        Training programs are offered periodically as needed to meet demand, but not at any
specific intervals. You will be responsible for all travel, living, salary, incidental and other
expenses for personnel attending the initial training program and any other training programs,
seminars or meetings. Classes will be taught by our designated trainers who have had at least
15 months’ experience in the field and as Panda Restaurant Store Managers, except that the
“Pre-Work” videos, e-modules and reading will be self-guided. These trainers may be assisted
by other Panda Express staff members, depending on the class needs and subject matter.
Instructional materials include Manuals along with handouts.

       All of your Restaurant employees must have a skill level, training and experience
commensurate with the requirements of the position, and consistent with the Panda Express
standards for quality products, service and cleanliness.

        You are responsible for hiring a sufficient crew to enable crew performance to remain
consistent with Panda Express specifications and standards. You are solely responsible for any
associated costs including the cost of uniforms for each associate who attends any of our training
programs and also for any travel, accommodation and other incidental expenses for all associate
while attending training.

        Following the opening of each of your Restaurants, you are responsible for crew training.
You must maintain proficiency for all positions and maintain on payroll at all times staffing and
training certifications meeting our above requirements.

        We can require that remedial training be taken if we think it is necessary because System
Standards are not sufficiently maintained. Remedial training can involve any combination of
training relating to the Designated Individual, Store Manager(s), Assistant Manager(s), Head
Chef(s), Cook(s), Shift Lead(s), Counter Help, and Kitchen Help for the applicable Restaurant.
Applicable staff will attend the remedial training at times and places we select. We charge a fee
for remedial training, which is currently $500 per each service and travel day for each of our staff

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                  39
