                                                                                              00000041.0
support team and Licensor in propelling the development of your Panda Express Restaurants. The Head
of Operations must complete the necessary training as required by our Standards to our satisfactory prior
to the opening of your sixth (6) Restaurants. We may condition our authorization to allow the opening of
your sixth (6) Restaurant based on successful completion of the training of your Head of Operations.

        J.       Your Restaurant must reflect the team composition and structure as identified in the
Manuals to the extent appropriate for your size and developments and must be approved by us prior to
your implementation or making any modifications to the structure. We may require you to reasonably modify
your team composition and structure from time to time to reflect our then-current team composition and
structure. Our current team composition and structure, as identified in the Manuals, is subject to change
from time to time.

          10.5   Insurance.

          A.     You agree to maintain in force throughout the term of this Agreement and the Operating
Term of each of your Restaurants, policies of insurance issued by carriers with ratings of at least A- and
category VII in Best’s Insurance Reports and licensed to do business in the jurisdiction in which the covered
Restaurant is located. Such insurance shall meet the terms of any applicable lease or occupancy
agreement covering a Restaurant and as required by law and the types and amounts of coverage required
by us. We may require different and/or additional kinds of insurance from time to time, with commercially
reasonable adjustments made by us in the Manuals or otherwise. We will give to you at least thirty (30)
days advance written notice of any change in the current insurance requirements. Our current minimum
insurance requirements are provided in Section 10.5 C., below. Each insurance policy/certificate of
coverage must: i) name us, our Affiliates, shareholders, officers and directors each as additional insured as
your interest may appear and you shall give us at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice of a
material change in or cancellation of such insurance; ii) contain waivers of subrogation in favor of us and
our Affiliates (which shall be operative only so long as available in the state having jurisdiction over an
affected claim and provided further that no policy of insurance is invalidated thereby); iii) be written as
primary policies which provide that any insurance that we may carry is strictly excess, secondary and non-
contributing with any insurance you carry; iv) contain a provision that we, although listed as additional
insured shall nevertheless be entitled to recovery under the policy for any loss occasioned to us, our agents
and/or employees by reason of your negligence, or the negligence of your employees or agents; v) be
endorsed as needed to provide cross-liability coverage for you and us; and vi) provide for severability of
interests.

          B.      These insurance policies must be in effect throughout any applicable Restaurant
construction and on or prior to the date that you receive possession of the Restaurant. You agree to give
to us within ten (10) days of the execution of this Agreement and prior to opening any Restaurant an
insurance certificate and any applicable endorsements evidencing the coverage required hereunder, and
to provide a certificate evidencing the renewal of applicable coverage annually, and as we may request
from time to time. The insurance requirements are independent of, and shall not be construed to limit,
restrict or modify, your indemnification or other obligations under this Agreement. We make no warranty or
representation that any insurance coverage requirements set by us are adequate to fully protect your
interests.

        C.       You agree to meet on an ongoing basis our then current minimum insurance coverage and
other requirements as provided in this Section 10.5. Our minimum insurance coverage requirements as of
the Effective Date of this Agreement are as follows:




                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                           Page 24
