                                                                                                  00000041.0
         E.     Unless a specific written warranty is expressly provided to you in connection with a
particular good or service, any goods and/or services we and/or the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities
provide are without any warranties, express or implied, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE BEING EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.

8.        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; EXCLUSIVE RELATIONSHIP.

          8.1     Confidential Information - Non-Disclosure and Non-Use.

          A.      “Confidential Information” includes in any form current and future:

                1)      Manuals, training, techniques, processes, policies, procedures, systems, data,
equipment designs and specifications, and know how regarding the development, marketing, operation and
licensing of Panda Express Restaurants;

               2)      Panda Express designs, recipes and specifications, and information about
Products and Services; and

                   3)     all information regarding the System, costing, potential locations, statistics, pricing,
profits, financial data and lists, and other operating data.

          “Confidential Information” is not intended to include any information that:

                1)        is or subsequently becomes publicly available other than by breach of any
obligation owed to us;

                  2)      became known to you prior to our disclosure of such information to you;

                 3)       became known to you from a source other than through a breach by you of an
obligation of confidentiality owed to us; or

                  4)      is independently developed by you.

         Your only interest in any of our, or of any Licensor-Related Person/Entity’s, Confidential Information
or in any Trade Secret, as defined in 8.1 B., below, is the right to use it pursuant to this Agreement.

          B.      “Trade Secret” is information that is proprietary to us and/or our Affiliates, including a
formula, procedure, pattern, compilation, program, device, discovery, invention, method, technique or
process, that derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to
and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who can obtain economic value from
its disclosure or use and/or is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain
its secrecy.

        C.       Both during and after the term of this Agreement, you agree: 1) to use the Confidential
Information and any Trade Secret only for the operation of each Restaurant under this Agreement; 2) to
maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and Trade Secret; 3) not to make or distribute,
or permit to be made or distributed, any unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential Information
and/or Trade Secret; 4) not to alter, appropriate, use and/or distribute any Panda Express recipes or
Product specifications or any Trade Secret; and 5) to implement all procedures we reasonably prescribe
for prevention of unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information and any Trade Secret,
including without limitation any privacy policies we reasonably require from time to time.

                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 12
