                                                                                                    00000041.0
we shall provide you with a list of authorized representatives (with updates from time to time) of individuals
who are authorized to conduct such entry. If a Client, third party lessor or Facility operations manager for a
Restaurant restricts access for purposes of any of the activities contemplated by this Section 13, you agree
to diligently attempt to obtain such third party’s consent to our access in the same manner as you would to
obtain such a consent for purposes of gaining access for your employees and agents.

          13.2   Audit.

        We and/or our agents will have the right at any time during business hours, and without prior notice
to you, to inspect and/or audit business records, in electronic format or otherwise, for any Restaurant,
including, without limitation, cash reports and tapes for each register in such Restaurant, sales receipts,
general ledger and inventory reports. Our right to audit includes the right to access all cash registers,
computers and other equipment by electronic means. You agree to cooperate fully with such an audit.

          13.3   Gross Volume Understatements.

         If any inspection or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Volume, you will pay to us the
Royalties due on the understated amount, plus interest as provided in Section 9.4, from the date originally
due until the date of payment. If Gross Volume at your Restaurant is understated for the period audited by
more than three percent (3%), we have the right to require you to reimburse us for the reasonable cost of
the inspection or audit, including, without limitation, the charges of any independent accountants, and
related travel and per diem charges for our and their employees in addition to all other remedies and rights
we have under this Agreement or under law, including termination of this Agreement.

14.       TRANSFER.

          14.1   Transfers by Us.

          This Agreement, and any or all of our rights and/or obligations under it, are fully transferable by us
in our sole and absolute discretion, in whole or in part, without your consent; provided, that any such
transferee shall appear to us at the time of the transfer to have financial resources sufficient to fulfill its
obligations under this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 14.1, we shall be entitled to rely upon
financial statements provided to us by the transferee. You acknowledge and agree that we may be sold
and/or sell any or all of our Intellectual Property and/or other assets, go public, merge, or acquire other
entities, whether or not competitive to us.

          14.2   Transfers by You.

         A.      You agree that, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement and subject to our rights
as provided under Section 14.5, below, you, this Agreement, any of your Restaurants, and/or your
Restaurant(s)’ business assets shall not be transferred, including a transfer for security, without our prior
written consent, which we may grant or deny in our sole discretion. You further agree as follows:

                 1)       If you are a publicly-held corporation (i.e., a corporation that has a class of securities
traded on a recognized securities exchange) or a wholly-owned subsidiary or division of a publicly-held
corporation, neither you nor any successor to any of your interest in this Agreement, nor any individual,
partnership, corporation or other Business Entity, which directly or indirectly has an interest in you, may
undertake any of the following transfers without our prior written consent:

                      a)     The sale, assignment or other transfer of this Agreement or any interest in this
Agreement or any Restaurants to any person or entity other than your direct or indirect corporate parent, or

                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                 Page 30
