                                                                                                 00000041.0
        F.      beginning on the Event Date, you will not identify yourself, or any business you may operate
or in which you may become involved, or advertise or promote yourself in any manner, as a present or
former Panda Express Licensee, except in connection with the operation of other Restaurants that you are
authorized by us to operate;

        G.       sell to us if we so request in our sole and absolute discretion any equipment, Trade Dress,
signage and/or furnishing designated by us which is/are associated with the Restaurant(s) at net book
value, using a 5-year amortization schedule;

         H.      furnish to us within thirty (30) days satisfactory evidence of your compliance with the
obligations described in this Section 17.2 and in Section 17.3, below. If you operate any business using
any of the Intellectual Property, Marks, Confidential Information or any aspect of the System without our
express written consent, our remedies will include (but will not be limited to) recovery of the greater of i) all
profits earned by you in the operation of such business, or ii) all royalties and other amounts which would
have been due if this Agreement remained in effect with you.

          17.3   Telephone and Other Directory Listings, Internet Sites.

         After any Termination and/or expiration of the Agreement and/or the Operating Term for a
Restaurant, you agree to immediately notify the applicable telephone company, service provider and/or
listing agency, as applicable, that you are no longer authorized to use telephone numbers, domain names,
Internet addresses/sites and/or other communications contacts (collectively, the “Numbers”), and any
related directory listings/advertising, used in connection with the operation of the applicable Restaurant(s).
You further agree to authorize us to transfer, call-forward, discontinue or otherwise deal with the Numbers
and any related directory listings/advertising and to reasonably assist in facilitating such activities by
providing any written documentation or otherwise as may be required by any such service providers. By
signing this Agreement, you irrevocably appoint us your attorney in fact to take any such actions regarding
the Numbers and any related directory listings/advertising if you do not do so yourself within ten (10) days
after the Termination or expiration of this Agreement and/or the Operating Term for a Restaurant.

          17.4   Continuing Obligations.

        A.       All obligations and rights which expressly or by their nature survive the Transfer, expiration
or Termination of this Agreement and/or the Operating Term of a Restaurant will continue in full force and
effect until they are satisfied or by their nature expire, including but not limited to this Section 17, all
indemnity, confidentiality, non-use and non-infringement rights and obligations under this Agreement; your
payment obligations and the provisions of Sections 19 and 22. These rights and obligations continue
notwithstanding any rejection of this Agreement in a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise.

         B.      If this Agreement or the Operating Term of a Restaurant is Terminated because of a default
of yours, you will not be released or discharged from your obligations, including accrued payment of all
amounts then due and other amounts which would have become due under this Agreement if you had
continued in operation as a Panda Express Licensee for the full term of the applicable Operating Term(s).
Our remedies will include, but are not limited to, the right to collect the present value of these amounts and
to receive the benefit of our bargain with you, as well as to accelerate the balances of any promissory notes
owed and to receive any other unpaid amounts owed to us or any of our Affiliates.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 42
