                                                                                               00000041.0

15.       SUCCESSOR RIGHTS.

          15.1   Your Rights.

         Unless this Agreement has expired as provided in Section 2.1 D. or been earlier Terminated
according to its terms, at the expiration of the Operating Term of each of the Restaurants licensed to you
hereunder, you may be eligible to continue operating the applicable Restaurant for a successor term,
subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 15.2 and 15.3, below. The successor term will be a single
five (5) year period (renewal option), without any further term or rights to additional Licenses or rights of
renewal, notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any successor License Agreement, unless otherwise
expressly agreed in a mutually signed amendment to such successor License Agreement.

          15.2   Notice of Election.

         A.       You must give us written notice of your election to obtain a successor term License for a
specific Restaurant not less than six (6) months, but not more than twelve (12) months, before the expiration
of the initial Operating Term for such Restaurant. Within thirty (30) days after our receipt of the notice, we
will give to you in writing:

                 1)      any reasons which could cause us to not award the successor License, including
any training, operational, Restaurant premises or other deficiencies requiring correction; and

                 2)      our then-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration,
furnishing, equipping, stocking and programs for a Panda Express Restaurant (collectively, the
“specifications and standards then-applicable for new Panda Express Restaurants or otherwise contained
in the Manuals”).

        B.       If such Restaurant is subject to a Correction Process under Section 16.6 when i) you
provide us with notice of your intent to obtain a successor License for such Restaurant, or ii) the successor
License would be awarded, then we may choose in our sole and absolute discretion to defer the award of
any successor License for such Restaurant until you have successfully complied with the applicable Panda
Express System Standards.

        C.       If your written notice of election is not received by us in accordance with Section 15.2 A.,
above, and within the time frame specified therein, the Operating Term for the applicable Restaurant will
expire as of the applicable expiration date.

          15.3   Conditions to the Award of a Successor License.

       You acknowledge and agree that the following are conditions precedent to the award of any
successor License for any Restaurant of yours:

          A.     You must be in Good Standing;

         B.      The Restaurant for which you desire to be granted a successor License and its operations
must fully comply with all mandatory specifications and standards then-applicable for new Panda Express
Restaurants or otherwise contained in the Manuals, which can require a Complete Update, as provided in
Section 10.1, above, by the expiration of its Operating Term, or such other time that we may consent to in
writing and in our sole discretion;


                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                            Page 34
