          3.3      Capital Accounts. The Company will establish an individual Capital Account for each Member,
and the Company will determine and maintain each Capital Account in accordance with Regulations § 1.704-
1(b)(2)(iv). Each Member’s Capital Account will be increased by: (a) the amount of cash contributed by the
Member to the Company; (b) the Gross Asset Value of real, personal, tangible, and intangible property or services
contributed by the Member to the Company (net of liabilities secured by the contributed property that the Company
is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the IRC); and (c) allocations to the Member of Net
Profits and any item of gross income specially allocated pursuant to Section 6.2. Each Member’s Capital Account
will be decreased by: (x) the amount of cash distributed to the Member by the Company; (y) the Gross Asset Value
of property distributed to the Member by the Company (net of liabilities secured by the distributed property that the
Member is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the IRC); and (z) allocations to the Member
of Net Losses. The Capital Account of any Member making a contribution of property will be credited with the
Gross Asset Value of the property on the date (or dates) of contribution. In the discretion of the Manager(s), the
Capital Accounts may also be increased or decreased for any unrealized gains or losses taken into account by the
Company upon the occurrence of any of the events described in Regulations § 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(e) and (f), including
any distribution of property, any admission of new Members, or any liquidation or partial liquidation of a Member’s
Interest in the Company, provided that any gain or loss of this type will be allocated among the Members in
accordance with Article 6. If a Member transfers all or a part of the Member’s Membership Interest in accordance
with this Agreement, the Member’s Capital Account attributable to the transferred Membership Interest will carry
over to the new owner of the Membership Interest pursuant to Regulations § 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(1).

         3.4      No Interest. No Member will be entitled to receive any interest on the Member’s Capital
Contributions.

          3.5      Creditors Not Benefited. The provisions of this Agreement are intended to benefit only the
Company, the Manager(s), the Members, and their respective permitted successors and assigns. It is not intended
that these provisions benefit, and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law these provisions are not
enforceable by, any creditors of the Company, the trustees in bankruptcy of the Company, or any other Persons
(other than the Manager(s) and Members and their permitted successors and assigns).

                                                     Article 4
                                                    MEMBERS

         4.1       Limited Liability. Except as required under the Act or as expressly set forth in this Agreement,
no Member will be personally liable for any Company debt, obligation, or liability, whether that liability or
obligation arises in contract, tort, or otherwise.

          4.2       Classes of Members. The Company will initially have two classes of Membership Interests:
Class A Membership Interests and Class B Membership Interests. Each existing class of Membership Interests has
identical rights, except that the holders of Class A Membership Interests have full voting rights and the holders of
Class B Membership Interests have no voting rights except as specifically required by the Act or this Agreement.

          4.3      Admission of Additional Members. The Manager(s) may admit additional Members to the
Company with the unanimous consent of the Member(s). Any additional Members will obtain Membership
Interests and will participate in the Company’s management, Net Profits, Net Losses, and distributions on terms
determined by the Manager(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, substitute members may only be admitted in
accordance with Article 7. For the avoidance of doubt, the dilutive effect of the issuance of additional Membership
Interests will be proportional among all Class A Membership Interests and Class B Membership Interests as if they
were a single class.

          4.4      Termination of Membership Interest. On the transfer of a Member’s Membership Interest in
violation of this Agreement or the occurrence of a Triggering Event, a Member’s Membership Interest will be
terminated by the Manager(s) or purchased by the Company or remaining Members as provided in Article 8. Each
Member acknowledges and agrees that a termination or purchase of a Membership Interest on the occurrence of any
of the foregoing events is not unreasonable under the circumstances existing as of the date hereof.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
