                                                                                                00000041.0

“Force Majeure” - An event which is caused by fire, water, weather, natural disaster of any kind, riot, an
act of God, governmental restriction, judicial orders or governmental executive orders,
pestilence/plague/epidemic/pandemic, quarantines, relevant travel bans, government ordered lockdowns,
or a force or event beyond the reasonable control of a party other than a financial inability to perform; the
time for performance of an obligation (other than the payment of money required herein) or the satisfaction
of any contingency under this Agreement shall be extended for the period during which a party is prevented
from performing by the act or omission of the other party or a Force Majeure.

“Front of House (FOH) Staff” – Includes Shift Lead and Counter Help. FOH Staff provide quality service
to guests at the food counter. They greet guests, provide requested information regarding the menu and
serve accurate portions, according to System Standards while monitoring food quality and compliance with
all safety and sanitation requirements of the Front of House area of the Restaurant which area includes the
dining room, register, steam/induction table and soda fountain.

“General Release” - A general release by you and your Affiliates and each of your and their respective
officers, agents, representatives, directors, partners, managers, shareholders, successors and assigns in
the then-current form prescribed by us at the time such release is to be delivered, of any and all claims,
liabilities and/or obligations, of any nature whatsoever, including those existing as of, and/or arising before,
the date of any such release, however arising, known or unknown, whether against us and/or any or all of
the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities. The form of General Release in use as of the Effective Date is
attached as Exhibit 23.2 and is subject to change by us.

“Good Standing” - You are in “Good Standing” if you are not in default of any obligation to us and/or any
of the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities, whether arising under this Agreement, the Manuals or other
System requirements.

“Gross Volume” - Gross Volume includes amount of sales of all products and services sold in, on, about
or from your Restaurant, whether for cash or on a charge, credit or time basis, without reserve or deduction
for inability to collect, including, but not limited to all charges and/or revenues that are received or earned
by you (and/or any Affiliate):

       A.      by, at or in connection with any Restaurant operated by you including beverage sales,
whether they are (i) part of a Panda Express combination plate offering, or (ii) being purchased through a
Panda Express register and sold under Panda Express Marks or Trade Dress;

        B.     from sales of Panda Express Products in contravention of this Agreement at locations
outside a Restaurant;

          C.     from proceeds of any business interruption insurance, less the deductible amount;

         D.    from mail, fax, and telephone orders and/or any orders received through other electronic
or other means and filled on or from a Restaurant;

          E.     from all deposits not refunded to purchasers;

          F.     from orders sold under Panda Express Marks or Trade Dress though filled outside a
                 Restaurant;

          G.     in connection with any Similar Business operated in violation of this Agreement.


                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 54
