                                                                                                  00000041.0

        B.       The length and content of required training programs shall be flexible to enable us to vary
them as we find appropriate, but we may set minimum days of training a one or more company-owned
Panda Express Restaurant(s), Licensee’s Certified Training Restaurant, or at some other location we
designate, for your Designated Individual, Head of Operations, Store Manager, Assistant Manager, Head
Chefs and Cooks, Shift Lead and Kitchen Help and Counter Help. Each trainee must be fully engaged and
attend all the assigned training. Each staff member must meet any then current certification requirements
applicable to the position held.

         C.       Each employee shall have a skill level, training and experience commensurate with the
requirements of the position, and consistent with the Panda Express standards for quality products, service
and cleanliness. If you or any member of your staff enrolled in any of the above initial training activities fails
to complete the applicable program to our satisfaction or to satisfactorily complete any required testing, we
may terminate this License Agreement or require additional or remedial training at your expense, in our
sole discretion. You are not entitled to any refund if we terminate this License Agreement in accordance
with this provision.

         D.        We will provide the initial training programs at one or more company-owned Restaurant(s)
and/or a training site and/or other location designated by us. We will not charge a fee for the first 8 (eight)
attendees for each Restaurant, but reserve the right to charge a fee for materials and participation for all
other attendees. Any such initial training fee will not exceed One Thousand Dollars ($1,000), per attendee,
subject to inflation adjustment as provided in Section 9.6, below. You will be required to purchase uniforms
from us for each attendee and must pay all salaries and all travel, living and other expenses incurred by
each of your employees while attending the training.

          E.       Following the opening of each of your Restaurants, you will be responsible for ongoing
training. You will utilize Panda’s training tools and processes to sustain capability at all positions. You shall
maintain proficiency for all positions at all times. You shall maintain on payroll at all times staffing and
training certifications meeting our then current requirements. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, at
least six (6) of your Head Chefs and/or Cooks, in any combination, must obtain an updated cooking
certification on an annual basis, but we can change this policy in our discretion.

         F.      You are solely responsible for hiring sufficient numbers of employees to adequately staff
each Restaurant and to provide training on an ongoing basis such as may be required to enable crew
performance to remain consistent with Panda Express specifications and standards. Subject to the terms of
Section 5.1 D., above, we reserve the right to charge a training fee for any training programs we sponsor or
conduct, and you agree to pay to us any such training fees, as well as any training costs, materials fees and
related expenses for each employee who attends.

         G.      If you are not in Good Standing and/or are engaged in a Correction Process pursuant to
Section 16.6, or if any Restaurant is not performing according to System Standards, we reserve the right
to require that remedial training be performed to the extent we deem necessary. We can require any
combination of remedial training activities involving the Designated Individual, Store Manager and other
staff members for that Restaurant to correct, improve, update and/or enhance your operations. We charge
a fee for remedial training, which is currently Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per whole/partial 8-hour day,
subject to adjustment under Section 9.6, below, and which is applicable to service days and travel days for
our staff engaged in such remedial training. You shall be responsible for any expenses incurred by our
personnel in delivering such training, including travel, lodging, food and incidental expenses.

        H.      We have the right to require that any staff member of yours execute a confidentiality and
non-disclosure agreement as a condition to participation in any training program or meeting and/or receipt

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                Page 6
