                                                                                                00000041.0
All sales and/or billings, whether collected or not, will be included in Gross Volume, with no deduction for
credit card, third-party delivery service charges or fees, or other charges. Gross Volume does not include
sales tax collected and paid when due to the appropriate taxing authority and actual customer refunds,
adjustments, credits and employee discounts actually given.

"Head Chef" – A certified cook who is exclusively designated as a Head Chef of a Panda Express
Restaurant and cannot be shared with other non-Panda Express concepts. Head Chef is responsible for
managing the kitchen, including: mastering all Panda Express entrée and side dish recipes, demonstrating
the ability to train and supervise others, cooking, cleaning, food preparation and food safety management.
Head Chefs are also utilized as shift supervisors with the ability to recommend BOH Staff scheduling and
to supervise shifts, open to close.

“Head of Operations” – A person who is accountable for ensuring that operations of the Restaurant meet
or exceed the Systems and Standards, including ensuring compliance with Panda Express’ team
composition and structure necessary to operate all existing and new Restaurant. The Head of Operations
works on strengthening the connection between operations, support team and Licensor in propelling the
development of your Restaurants.

“Intellectual Property” - Includes, regardless of the form or medium involved, i) any Panda Express
Software; ii) the Manuals and all other directives, policies or information we issue from time to time; iii) all
customer relationships and information; iv) the Marks; v) all Confidential Information and Panda Express
Trade Secrets; vi) Panda Express recipes, food and food preparation specifications and supplier information
and vi) all other proprietary, copyrightable and/or Trade Secret information and materials developed,
acquired, licensed or used by us in our operation of the System.

“Kitchen Help” - Kitchen Help is responsible for cooking fried rice and chow mein, preparing steamed rice,
marinating the meat, grilling, washing and cutting the vegetables, preparing the sauces and condiments,
maintaining cleanliness of the utensils and kitchen, supporting Cooks on deep fry items and other BOH
Staff duties.

“License” - The right to develop and operate a Restaurant(s) at any site authorized by us under the terms
of this Agreement.

“Licensed Business” - The business operations conducted by, at or in connection with your Restaurant(s).

“Licensee’s Certified Training Restaurant” – a Panda Express Restaurant owned and operated by a
Licensee that has been approved by us to serve as a site for our training programs, as we may authorize
and designate from time to time.

“Licensor-Related Persons/Entities” - Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and its Affiliates, including without
limitation Panda Restaurant Group, Inc., Panda Express, Inc. and Hibachi San, Inc., and each of their
respective shareholders, partners, officers, members, directors, agents, representatives, successors and
assigns.

“Manuals” - Specifications, standards, policies and procedures prescribed by us and published to you in
any media (including electronic) as they may be changed or eliminated by us in our sole and absolute
discretion, including all System Standards, and the mandatory provisions of which are to be followed in the
development and operation of each Panda Express Restaurant for the protection of the Marks and the good
will associated therewith. The Manuals may contain recommendations and suggestions in addition to
franchise requirements. For avoidance of doubt, whenever reference is made in this Agreement to your



                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 55
