        20.     WAIVERS BY THE OBLIGOR. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement or the other Financing Documents, the Obligor waives: (i) presentment, demand, and
protest and notice of presentment, protest, default, non-payment, maturity, release, compromise,
settlement, extension, or renewal of any or all Financing Documents under or pursuant to which
the Obligor may in any way be liable and hereby ratifies and confirms whatever the Creditor may
do in this regard; (ii) notice prior to taking possession or control of Collateral or any bond or
security that might be required by any court prior to allowing the Creditor to exercise any of the
Creditor's remedies; (iii) the benefit of all valuation, appraisement, and exemption laws; (iv) any
right to require the Creditor to proceed against any other person or collateral held from any other
person; (v) any right to require the Creditor to pursue any other remedy in the Creditor's power
whatsoever; or (vi) any defense arising out of any election by Creditor to exercise or not exercise
any right or remedy it may have against the Obligor, any other person or any security held by it,
even though such election operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement to
subrogation or other right or remedy of the Obligor against any other person or any such
security.

        21.     MISCELLANEOUS. The Obligor agrees that the following shall govern the
interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement:

                21.1 Binding on Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the
Obligor, the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the Obligor, and shall
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Creditor, its successors, transferees and assigns.

                21.2 "Obligor." If this Agreement is executed by two or more parties (other
than the Creditor), they shall be jointly and severally liable hereunder, and the word "Obligor"
wherever used herein shall be construed to refer to each of the parties separately, all in the same
manner, and with the same effect as if each of them had signed separate instruments, and in any
such case, this Agreement shall not be revoked or impaired as to any one or more of such parties
by the death or dissolution of any of the others or by the revocation or release of any obligations
hereunder of any one or more of such parties.

               21.3 Partnerships. If any party hereto is a partnership, this Agreement shall
remain in force and applicable notwithstanding any change in the individuals comprising the
partnership and shall include any altered or successor partnership, but the predecessor
partnerships and their partners shall not thereby be released from any liability.

            21.4 No Oral Modifications. None of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement may be waived, altered, modified, limited or amended except in writing.

               21.5 Execution by the Obligor Sufficient. This Agreement shall take effect
upon the execution solely by the Obligor but this Agreement may, at the option of the Creditor,
be executed by the Creditor if execution by the Creditor is deemed desirable by the Creditor or is
required by the laws of any jurisdiction to create, perfect, preserve, validate or otherwise protect
any security interest granted pursuant hereto or to enable the Creditor to exercise or enforce its
rights hereunder with respect to any such security interest.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
