                            FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                                Citadel Panda Express, Inc.,
                                   a California corporation
                                 1683 Walnut Grove Avenue
                                Rosemead, California 91770
                                       626-799-9898
                                  www.pandaexpress.com

       Citadel Panda Express, Inc. offers licenses to qualified applicants to develop and operate
a Panda Express restaurant featuring on-premises dining and carry-out of gourmet Chinese and
other Asian food items, beverages and other related menu items.

       The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Panda Express® restaurant
franchise ranges from $514,500 to $3,275,500. This includes an initial franchise fee of $25,000
that must be paid to Citadel Panda Express, Inc. or its affiliate.

        This Franchise Disclosure Document (“Disclosure Document”) summarizes certain
provisions of your franchise agreement and other information in plain English. Read this
Disclosure Document and all accompanying agreements carefully. You must receive this
Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or
make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.
Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this
document.

         The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Do not rely on the
Disclosure Document alone to understand your contract and accompanying agreements. Read
all of your contract and accompanying agreements carefully. Show your contract, accompanying
agreements and this Disclosure Document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant.

         Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this Disclosure Document
can help you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide
to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this Disclosure Document, is
available from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also
visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or visit
your public library for other sources of information on franchising.

       There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.

                                 Date of Issuance: April 18, 2025




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
