    With a copy to:
      Panda Express, Inc.
      Attn: Vice President, Legal
      1683 Walnut Grove Avenue
      Rosemead, CA 91770-3711
      Email: Donna.Wanser@PandaRG.com

18. Each of Seller and Buyer shall use reasonable commercial efforts on a timely basis to do all
    things necessary to effect the Closing(s) including transferring title to all assets contemplated by
    this transaction to Buyer; each party shall execute such further and other documentation as may
    be reasonably necessary for the completion of this transaction on the basis set out herein.

19. Any matter in dispute under this Letter Agreement shall be referred to arbitration under the rules
    of the American Arbitration Association in the County of _________, State of __________.
    The decision of such arbitrator or panel of arbitrators (as the case may be) shall be final and
    binding upon the parties.

20. Seller agrees that all of the representations and warranties in this Letter Agreement: (i) are true
    and correct as of the date of the execution of this Letter Agreement and will be so at the date of
    each Closing, and (ii) shall not merge on Closing for a period of two years from the date of
    Closing. In addition to the other representations and warranties made by Seller in other
    paragraphs of this Letter Agreement, Seller represents and warrants that: (i) Seller is selling
    Buyer all of the material assets sufficient for the Seller’s operation of the Store subject to the
    Leases including the POS systems and Inventory, (ii) the Store was constructed and is currently
    being operated in compliance with all applicable laws (including all bulk sales laws if
    applicable), and (iii) this Letter Agreement is a valid, binding, and enforceable obligation
    against Seller and that this Letter Agreement does not conflict with any of Seller’s other
    agreements or organizational documents.

21. The prevailing party in any action to enforce, interpret, or pursue rights or remedies under this
    Letter Agreement between Buyer and Seller shall be entitled to recovery of all of its actual
    attorney fees and costs reasonably incurred, including any incurred on appeal or enforcing any
    judgment or order.

22. Buyer and Seller agree that the form of the Consents shall be the Estoppel Certificate and the
    Assignment and Assumption Agreement forms attached hereto as Schedule A-3.
