                                                                                             00000041.0
through ACH in the amount of the Royalty, or any other amounts due to us or our affiliates in accordance
with this Agreement and/or any other agreement(s) between you and our affiliates. We acknowledge that
our authorization to withdraw funds from your Designated Bank Account is limited to those amounts
necessary to satisfy your obligations under this Agreement, the Asset Purchase Agreement, or other
agreement(s) between you and us or our affiliates. We will make each ACH withdrawal of the payment on
the date such payment is due. Any other payments owed to us pursuant to, or in connection with, this
Agreement or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates may be withdrawn from your
Designated Bank Account in accordance with this section. The amount of withdrawals for the Royalty, and
any other fees constituting a percentage of Gross Volume will be based on the Gross Volume report
submitted by you for the applicable Royalty Period pursuant to Section 9.2.C.

         C.      At all times during the Term you will maintain in your Designated Bank Account an amount
sufficient to pay the ongoing monthly amounts owed to us, but in no event will the account balance fall
below a minimum of Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000). You acknowledge and agree that you are
obligated to pay all amounts owed to us in accordance with the terms of this Agreement without regard to
your minimum account balance. The establishment of such minimum balance does not constitute a
warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the monthly amounts that may be owed by
you in connection with operating your Restaurant.

         D.      You will, upon execution of this Agreement, execute a document granting to us the
authority to process ACHs from your Designated Bank Account and shall provide a copy of voided or
cancelled check(s) of the Designated Bank Account. From time-to-time at our request, you will execute any
additional documents necessary to confirm or update this authority. You will be responsible for any ACH
transfer fee or similar charge imposed by your bank, and for any service charges incurred by you and/or
imposed by your bank should any ACH not be honored by your bank for any reason.


10.       YOUR RESTAURANT — IMAGE AND OPERATION.

          10.1   System Compliance, Facility Refurbishment, Equipment Replacement, Operations.

         A.      You agree to operate your Restaurant in full compliance with the then-current Panda
Express System, System Standards and the Manuals subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You agree to promptly comply at your expense with all then-current requirements, standards and operating
procedures related to the Restaurants and the Panda Express brand image, including but not limited to use
of specified Designated Equipment, Products and Services; approved supplier programs and operating
systems; signs, logos, designs and advertising/marketing materials and forms; Product preparation and
presentation; Product promotion, training and certification programs; and customer service and quality
control programs, all subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree
that operating and maintaining each Restaurant according to System Standards and the mandatory
provisions of the Manuals, as they may sometimes be modified and/or supplemented, is important to you
and to us and to the preservation of the good will associated with the Marks. Without limiting the System
Standards and other contents of the Manuals, you agree as follows:

                 1)       to maintain at your expense the physical facilities at each Restaurant at a “like
new” level of cosmetic appearance and in a sound, clean, attractive condition and the Restaurant assets in
good repair and consistent with the System (collectively, “Store Maintenance Activities”). You shall replace
all worn, obsolete or unrepairable assets with those meeting any then current System Standards. We shall
have the right to notify you that, in our judgment, a Restaurant’s general appearance, Equipment or other




                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                          Page 17
