         4.5       Transactions with Company. Subject to any limitations set forth in this Agreement and with the
prior written approval of the Manager(s) after full disclosure of the Member’s involvement, a Member may lend
money to and transact other business with the Company. Subject to other applicable law, any Member transacting
business with the Company will have the same rights and obligations with respect to those transactions as a person
who is not a Member. Any loan by a Member to the Company will not be treated as a Capital Contribution by that
Member or entitle the Member to an increase in that Member’s Percentage Interest. The Members acknowledge that
any Member, Manager(s), or Affiliate of a Member or Manager(s) (each a “Lender”) who loans money to the
Company pursuant to this Section 4.5 will have rights (the “Lender’s Rights”), the exercise of which will be in
conflict with the Company’s best interests. In that regard, the Members authorize, agree, and consent to the
Lender’s exercise of any of Lender’s Rights under any promissory note, security agreement, or other loan document,
even though the Lender’s exercise of the Lender’s Rights may be detrimental to the Company or the Company’s
business. Further, the Members agree that any Lender’s proper exercise of the Lender’s Rights will not ·be deemed
a breach of the Lender’s fiduciary duties (if any) to the Company.

          4.6      Remuneration to Members. Except as otherwise authorized in, or pursuant to, this Agreement,
no Member is entitled to remuneration for acting in the capacity of a Member in the Company business, subject to
the entitlement of Manager(s) or Members winding up the affairs of the Company to reasonable compensation
pursuant to Section 10.2.

      4.7       Members Are Not Agents. Pursuant to Section 5.2 and the Articles, the management of the
Company is vested solely in the Manager(s). No Member acting in the capacity of a Member: (a) is an agent of the
Company, nor (b) can bind or execute any instrument on the Company’s behalf.

         4.8      Voting Rights. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the Act, in all
matters in which a vote, approval, or consent of the Members holding Class A Membership Interests is required, a
vote, consent in writing (with or without a meeting), or approval of Members holding a Majority Interest will be
required to authorize or approve such act.

         4.9      Meetings of Members. Meetings of Members will be controlled and conducted as provided in
the Act. To the extent not provided by the Act, the Manager will (to the extent feasible) conduct meetings in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the ___________ Business Corporations Act, except that the following
rules will apply:

                  (a)      The Manager(s) or any Member or combination of Members holding (in the aggregate) at
least 26% of the voting interests in the Company may call meetings at any time.

                   (b)     At least 10 days’ notice will be given of all meetings, stating the location and form of the
meeting (and whether remote communication is the only form of the meeting or is a permissible way of
participating). Notices will be delivered to the last address on file with the Company. Unless otherwise required by
the Act, notices of meetings may be given electronically (by e-mail or similar) or telephonically.

                 (c)      Meetings will be conducted in accordance with Robert’s Rules of Order Newly Revised or
any successor Rules of Order, as modified by the Members in writing.

                  (d)      Meetings may be conducted by means of remote communication.

                 (d)      Any action that may be taken at a meeting may be taken by a written consent, signed by
Members holding at least the number of voting interests that would have been necessary to have passed the matter if
a meeting had been held.

         4.10 Certificate of Membership Interest. A Membership Interest may be represented by a
membership certificate, the exact contents of which may be determined by the Manager(s) but will be issued
substantially as follows: numbered serially as they are issued; impressed with the Company seal or facsimile; signed
by a Manager or officers; state the Company’s name, the fact that the Company is organized as a ____________



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
