        Your advertising must be conducted in a professional manner and conform to the highest
ethical advertising standards and our policies. All advertising, promotional or marketing plans
and materials that you use must be either developed by us (with no changes made) or approved
by us in writing before use. You establish prices independently. You cannot use disapproved
materials. You cannot use or display the Marks on the Internet, World Wide Web or other
electronic media without obtaining our prior written consent and meeting our requirements. You
also have to follow our policies about Internet key word purchases, social network pages, videos
and other publications on the Internet which use the Marks. Neither you nor we are required to
honor any coupon, discount or similar promotion undertaken by the other. See Sections 6.2, 11.1
and 11.2 of the License Agreement.

        You must participate in any customer survey efforts we request, ask your customers to
participate in them if requested to do so and incur the cost of food associated with coupons given
to customers for completing the surveys. You also must post at each Restaurant a customer
complaint telephone number, web-site address or other reasonable means of customer
communication we specify. See Items 6 and 8 of this Disclosure Document and Section 10.8 of
the License Agreement.

         Under the License Agreement, the Panda gift card program and any loyalty or gift
certificate program or any mobile or other payment capability/app/program we introduce can be
optional or required, at our choice. You have to comply with the terms of any policies or
procedures we establish for any program in which you participate, including payment of related
fees. We also can require that you sign a participation agreement for the specific programs. If
you choose to participate in our current gift card program, you will sign the participation agreement
attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit L. See Section 10.1 C. of the License
Agreement.

       Site Selection

       Site selection, development and any related matters are your sole responsibility. Our
acceptance of any location is not a recommendation, approval or endorsement of the location.
Our approval is not an indication that the location complies with any regulatory, zoning,
environmental or other laws, regulations or requirements of any kind.

        Licensees are most likely to locate their Restaurants in captive locations, such as
universities, airports, sports arenas, military bases, casinos, travel plazas and similar venues. In
approving captive sites we look at a variety of factors, including consumer traffic count and
patterns. In more traditional sites, such as stand-alone locations or strip centers, we also consider
factors such as population density, average household income, proximity to activity-generating
businesses and a strong residential/business balance. If you are a Panda Express Restaurant
operator that also operates non-Panda concept restaurants or food service businesses and you
have an opportunity during the initial term to replace one of your other Asian concept operations
with another Asian concept, you will with our approval, replace it with a Panda Express
Restaurant.

       You are responsible for identifying a site for the proposed development of each
Restaurant. If you and we have agreed on a date by which you must begin looking for a site (a
Site Search Implementation Date), it will be specified on Exhibit 2.1 to the License Agreement,
and you must have leased an approved site within 210 days of the Site Search Implementation
Date. In all events, you must deliver to us written notice of your site approval request at least 90

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                31
