                                                                                                 00000041.0
        N.       you fail to pay any undisputed amount due a Client, a third party lessor or lender, or a
designated or other supplier/vendor when due or within any cure period allowed for such a default and you
do not correct such failure within fifteen (15) days after we notify you of this default;

         O.        you fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement, any other agreement with us
and/or any Affiliate of ours, or any System Standard or mandatory requirement prescribed in the Manuals
within thirty (30) days after receipt of our written notice of default. If any such default cannot reasonably be
corrected within such thirty (30) day period, then you must undertake diligent efforts within such thirty (30)
day period to come into full compliance and furnish, at our request, proof acceptable to us of such efforts.
In any event, all such defaults must be fully cured within sixty (60) days after delivery of the initial written
notice to you;

          P.     you engage in any catering or delivery activities not expressly authorized in writing by us;

         Q.    you intentionally revoke the direct debit authorization agreement Section 9.7 requires, or
close the account to which the authorization agreement applies without first having established another
royalty payment account and having signed and delivered to us a new Authorization Agreement for Pre-
Arranged Payment on a form acceptable to us and our bank;

         R.      you fail to correct or change your operation of your Restaurant that is likely to adversely
affect our reputation, our brand and/or the goodwill associated with the Marks within fifteen (15) days after
receipt of our written notice; or

         S.       you fail to respond to your guest’s complaint in a timely manner and within ten (10) days
after receipt of our written notice.

          16.4   Termination of the Operating Term of a Restaurant.

        A.      If the Lease Agreement for a Restaurant is Terminated or expires before the end of the
applicable Operating Term and no substitute location has been authorized by us in writing and occupied by
you before the termination/expiration of such Lease Agreement or Client Contract, then we may elect to
Terminate your License to operate the Restaurant at the applicable Restaurant as of the
termination/expiration of such lease.

         B.     You may Terminate the Operating Term for a specific Restaurant following eight (8) months’
prior written notice to us if your Lease Agreement at the Facility in which a Restaurant is established expires
without renewal or is Terminated without default by you, and you (i) provide a proof of such contract expiration,
or a termination letter issue by the Client, as applicable, to us within one week after you are aware of the
termination, and (ii) you have used your best efforts to arrange a meeting between Client and us, if requested
by us, to discuss the continued operation of the Restaurant. If your Lease Agreement requires you to take the
applicable actions in a shorter period of time, the notice period provided in that Lease Agreement shall govern
for that Restaurant, provided that you give to us a copy of the relevant provision of the Lease Agreement, and
you shall pay us an early termination fee for our lost future royalties in an amount equal to the anticipated
amount of royalties you would have paid to us had you operated for the full required eight (8) month notice
period (based on the average daily Gross Revenues and related royalty fee during the full prior calendar
month times the number of days to reach the required eight month notice period).

        The Operating Term of each Restaurant shall be Terminated concurrently with the Termination of
this Agreement, unless additional notice prior to Termination is required by applicable law.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 37
