                                                                                       00000041.0
Section 19 of the License Agreement
(Attachment to Guaranty)

19.     DISPUTE AVOIDANCE AND RESOLUTION.

        For the purposes of this Section 19, “you” shall be deemed to include your Affiliates, and
“we” shall be deemed to include “Licensor-Related Persons/Entities.”

        19.1     MEDIATION AND MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF RIGHT
                 TO TRIAL IN COURT.

        You and we agree as follows:

        A.        Claim Process. Any litigation, claim, dispute, suit, action, controversy, or
proceeding of any type whatsoever including any claim for equitable relief between or involving you
and us on whatever theory and/or facts based, and whether or not arising out of this Agreement,
(“Claim”) will be processed in the following manner, except as expressly provided below at Section
19.1 H.

                 1)       First, submitted to non-binding mediation for a minimum of four (4) hours
before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) or its successor or ii) before any
other mediation organization approved by all parties. We will pay the costs of the first four (4) hours
of any mediation, and no mediation is required to extend beyond such four (4) hour period. Any
party may be represented by counsel and may, with permission of the mediator, bring persons
appropriate to the proceeding.

                   2)     Second, submitted to and finally resolved by binding arbitration before and
in accordance with JAMS’ (or its successor’s) then-prevailing Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and
Procedures, subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Arbitration may be filed prior to mediation,
with such mediation to follow as quickly thereafter as possible. Judgment on any preliminary or
final arbitration award will be final and binding, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
The arbitrator’s award shall be in writing. On request by either party, the arbitrator shall provide to
all disputants a reasoned opinion with findings of fact and conclusions of law, and the party so
requesting shall pay the arbitrator’s fees and costs connected therewith.

      B.       Confidentiality. The parties to any mediation/arbitration will sign confidentiality
agreements, excepting only public disclosures and filings as are required by law.

        C.       Location and Attendees. Any mediation/arbitration will be conducted exclusively
at a neutral location in the county in which our then-current headquarters is located (currently, Los
Angeles County), which may change from time to time, and be attended by you and us, and/or
designees authorized to make binding commitments on behalf of you or us, respectively. You and
we agree that the provisions of this Section will control, notwithstanding any language included in
our Franchise Disclosure Documents due to state requirements suggesting that the provisions of
any section might be unenforceable due to a failure to have a meeting of the minds or otherwise.
Neither you nor we have any expectation that the provisions of this (or any other) section will be
unenforceable or that they will not be enforced. You understand and agree that one effect of this
paragraph may be that arbitration and other related costs may be greater than if those proceedings
took place in a location near your residence or business. If this provision is unenforceable for any
reason, mediation/arbitration will be conducted at a neutral location in the county in which your
principal place of business is located.



  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                      Page 79
