and PEI and is not reflected in the above chart. If you are an owner in a joint venture company
with one of our Affiliates, you also may make capital contributions to your business entity as
provided in your operating agreement and as negotiated among the owners of the business entity
licensee.
       2
            Initial License Fee. This fee is nonrefundable.

       3
          Lease of Premises. The rent estimates contemplate 3 months’ rent, and the range is
based on various Panda Express Restaurant venues throughout the country. Rent expense
varies, and the low-high range given is based on location, square footage, age and condition of
the structure, lease arrangements and other factors and could differ materially from area to area.
In particular, rent in airports may be significantly higher than in other venues, and this accounts
for the high end given in the above chart. Since real estate costs can vary significantly from market
to market, you must investigate related costs in your own area. To assist you with your
investigation, note that the typical Panda Express Restaurant in a captive venue will be
approximately 500 to 1,500 square feet, although a few Panda Express Restaurants occupy
approximately 3,000 square feet. Other charges may include Common Area Maintenance
Charges (“CAM”), utilities, taxes, and insurance, as imposed by the facility. Leases frequently
specify minimum rent and percentage rent (typically 10%) applicable above a threshold sales
volume. In a food court environment, CAM typically amounts to 35% to 50% of minimum rent. A
pro-rated charge for taxes, insurance and utilities also applies.
       4
          Leasehold Improvements. You must follow our design standards and construction
process and have our approval to open. The cost of construction and leasehold improvements
depends upon the size, condition, and location of your Restaurant and the local cost of labor. The
range of figures stated for a Panda Express Restaurant is the cost of reasonable renovation or
leasehold improvements and may be less if the lessor provides a construction allowance to
lessee. Included in the estimate are construction charge backs for landlord-provided work.
Fixtures include counters, tables, chairs, wall coverings, decorations and other fixtures. The cost
of fixtures will vary, depending on the seating capacity of your Restaurant, lease or finance terms
available to you, the layout of your Restaurant and other relevant factors. The high estimate
contemplates leasehold improvements for approximately 2,500 square feet and includes an
elaborate exhaust system, as is sometimes required by the applicable lessor.
       5.
          Equipment and Supplies. The equipment necessary for the operation of a Panda
Express Restaurant includes grills, refrigerators, induction table and other equipment. You will
purchase or lease approved brands and models from approved, third party suppliers and, in
limited circumstances, from us. The cost of the equipment, and the low-high range given,
depends on financing terms available, the size of your Restaurant, brands purchased and other
factors.
       6.
          Initial Inventory. Your initial inventory will be purchased by you from designated or
approved third party product suppliers and, in limited circumstances, from us. Initial inventory
includes various food products, certain proprietary spice mixes, seasonings, flavorings, menu
items, sauces and marinades, beverages, paper products, cleaning supplies and miscellaneous
items used in the operation of your Restaurant. The initial inventory expenditure will vary, and
the low-high range given was factored according to varying anticipated sales volume and current
market prices for supplies.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                18
