ITEM 1:      THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES.

        To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, the words “Panda,” “we,” “our” and
“us” refer to Citadel Panda Express, Inc., the “Licensor” or “Franchisor” under this Disclosure
Document and the Citadel Panda Express, Inc. License Agreement (the “License Agreement,”
“Franchise Agreement” or “Agreement”). “You” means the person or entity to which we grant a
License Agreement (also “licensee” or “franchisee” under this Disclosure Document). Capitalized
terms have the meaning described in the License Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit A to
this Disclosure Document.

        We were incorporated in the State of California under the name Citadel Panda Express,
Inc., on October 25, 1990. Our principal place of business is at 1683 Walnut Grove Avenue,
Rosemead, California 91770.

       We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda Express, Inc., a California corporation (“PEI”).
PEI is, in turn, a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda Restaurant Group, Inc., a California
corporation (“PRG”). PRG serves as a holding company for all Panda companies. PEI and PRG
are our parents for purposes of this Disclosure Document. The principal business address for
PEI and PRG is also 1683 Walnut Grove Avenue, Rosemead, California, 91770.

       Our agent authorized to receive service of process is identified in Exhibit E to this
Disclosure Document.

          The Business

        Panda Express restaurants are a chain of limited service, Chinese and Asian food
restaurants, some of which are developed and operated by our Affiliates. We refer to Panda
Express restaurants generally as “Panda Express Restaurants” and to the Panda Express
Restaurants that you will develop and operate as your “Restaurant” or “Restaurants” (each as
defined in the License Agreement). Panda Express Restaurants are retail outlets and are situated
in a variety of different locations, including free-standing buildings, shopping centers, mall food
courts, airports and other kinds of sites. Panda Express Restaurants operate under the Marks
(as defined below), emphasize convenience and quality, and offer on-premises dining and carry-
out of gourmet Chinese and other Asian food items, beverages and other related menu items.
Menu items are prepared with specified recipes and procedures, Proprietary Products (as defined
below), Trade Secrets (as defined in the Agreement), and/or special packaging and marketing
techniques.

        We anticipate that most of your Restaurants will be operated under License Agreements
with us will be located in “captive” venues, such as military facilities, airports, campuses, hospitals,
universities and similar facilities. Licensee applicants sometimes have a management
arrangement (a “Client contract”) with the owner/lessor of the applicable venue. We offer and
award qualified applicants a license (or “franchise” under this Disclosure Document) to develop
and operate a Panda Express Restaurant at one or more locations we authorize. You are only
permitted under the Agreement to use the Marks and Panda Express System (as defined below)
in the operation of your Restaurant.

       You must have our advance written authorization to develop and operate your Restaurant
at any specific location. Unless you and we have agreed upon a date by which you must begin



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                       1
