                                                                                                00000041.0
basis the balance of Gross Volume received in the preceding month with deductions taken as provided
herein. If your Gross Volume is insufficient to pay our fees and costs and other Restaurant obligations, we
shall notify you. You shall, within five (5) business days thereafter, deposit such amounts as shall be
required to pay all such obligations and to maintain a reasonable, positive account balance. We will give
you not less than ten (10) days advance written notice of our decision to discontinue managing any
Restaurant(s).

         B.       This Section 16 shall not limit our right to Terminate this Agreement according to its terms
or affect any of our indemnity or other rights under this Agreement.

          16.13 Liquidated Damages.

         If we terminate either this Agreement or the Operating Term of any Restaurant as a result of your
uncured breach, default, or the occurrence of another event giving rise to a termination right under Section
16.3, 16.5, 16.6, 16.11 or 16.12, then for each terminated Restaurant, within thirty 30 days after the effective
date of termination, and without any requirement for demand from us, and in addition to all remedies we
may have in law and equity, you shall pay us a payment of a liquidated sum equivalent to twenty four (24)
months of Royalties based on all Royalties paid in the twelve (12) Royalty Period immediately preceding
the Termination date of such Restaurant, plus the Minimum Royalty amount for each such Restaurant for
a period of ninety (90) days following the closure date, which would otherwise be due if the License for such
Restaurant(s) had not been cancelled pursuant to this provision.

         If you terminate the Operating Term of any Restaurant pursuant to Section 16.4B then for each
terminated Restaurant, within thirty 30 days after the effective date of termination, and without any
requirement for demand from us, and in addition to all remedies we may have in law and equity, you shall
pay us a payment of a liquidated sum equivalent to twelve (12) months of Royalties based on all Royalties
paid in the twelve (12) Royalty Period immediately preceding the Termination date of such Restaurant,
which would otherwise be due if the License for such Restaurant(s) had not been cancelled pursuant to this
provision.

         The parties acknowledge and agree that Licensee’s payment of liquidated damages is not a
penalty, and is intended by the parties to represent just compensation for lost future revenues resulting
from Licensee’s breach of this Agreement, which otherwise would be difficult to estimate accurately
because of that breach. If any court of competent jurisdiction holds that this liquidated damages section is
not enforceable, then we shall be entitled to collect consequential damages resulting from your breach. If
any liquidated damages are owing under this Agreement, then you shall pay any applicable taxes on such
payments as if those liquidated damages were royalties.

17.       CERTAIN RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS ON TRANSFER, TERMINATION AND/OR
          EXPIRATION OF AGREEMENT AND/OR AN OPERATING TERM.

          17.1   Obligations on Termination, Expiration or Transfer of This Agreement.

         Upon the transfer, expiration or Termination of this Agreement for any reason and without limiting any
rights or remedies available to us or to you:

        A.      All rights granted to you under this Agreement immediately shall Terminate and you shall
cease any use of the Intellectual Property, Marks, Confidential Information or any aspect of the System
without our express written consent.

          B.     You shall comply with the requirements of Sections 17.2, 17.3, and 17.4.

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 40
