over 27 years of experience in the restaurant business. The total amounts listed in the above
chart do not include tax obligations or royalties payments or provide for your cash needs to cover
any financing you incur. Costs to open and to operate for 90 days may be more or less than the
amounts specified above. The amount of reserves you need will vary greatly from licensee to
licensee and will depend upon many factors, including the rate of growth and success of your
business,

       We urge you to retain the services of an experienced accountant or financial advisor to
develop a business plan and financial projections for a particular Restaurant. We also
recommend that you:

      1.      obtain, before purchasing a license, proposing your Restaurant, or making any
expenditures or commitments, independent estimates from third party vendors;

        2.       discuss with current Panda Express licensees their economic experiences
(including initial costs) in opening and operating a Panda Express Restaurant; and

       3.      evaluate the adequacy of your total financial reserves.

ITEM 8.        RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        You must purchase, use and offer the types, brands and quality of equipment, products
and services that we specify. We have the right to develop new items for sale at your Restaurant.
We give you approved suppliers to contact for equipment, products and services that your
business must use or provide and which meet Panda Express standards. We also have a right
to designate a single supplier or multiple suppliers for any given item or service and may
concentrate purchases with one or more suppliers. Except as noted below, there are presently
no required or other material products or services for which we or our Affiliates are approved
sources or exclusive suppliers. The only products you must buy from us are the Quarterly
Promotional and Marketing Campaign Materials and the uniforms for training described in Item 6.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document you pay our cost plus shipping for the promotional
materials. We also have the option of charging you a markup in the future for our processing,
handling and other expenses in connection with the promotional materials. In the future, we or
our Affiliates may also become approved sources or exclusive suppliers for other products or
services.

        We designate exclusive suppliers for a variety of products and services that we consider
essential to maintain uniform and consistent Panda Express quality and image. You must
purchase Proprietary Products and Panda Express custom designed Equipment exclusively from
our designated distributors or direct suppliers of these items. Proprietary Products generally
consist of food items made according to our recipes and formulas and branded items. A list of
Equipment requirements and Proprietary Products are available to you upon request,
respectively, current as of the date of this Disclosure Document, and/or as we may specify in the
Manuals from time to time. All other required food, beverages, Equipment and supplies must
meet our specifications. These items can be purchased through our designated distributors/direct
suppliers under our designated program or agreement. If the lessor or the operations manager
of the facility at which a Restaurant is established restricts access for purposes of inspection,
product delivery or other business purpose, you must use best efforts to obtain the third party’s
consent to immediate access, including access for approved suppliers/distributors. You are
responsible for ensuring the timely and efficient delivery of approved products to your Restaurant

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                             21
