                                                                                                 00000041.0
                  1)      Worker’s Compensation Insurance in accordance with the statutory requirements,
          including Employer’s Liability Insurance in an amount not less than One Million Dollars
          ($1,000,000.00) per employee, per accident or disease.
                  2)      Commercial General Liability insurance with limits not less than Ten Million Dollars
          ($10,000,000.00) per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage, products/completed
          operations, personal and advertising injury (which policy shall contain a contractual liability
          endorsement specifically deleting any contractual liability exclusion for personal injury and shall not
          have a deductible in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars $10,000). These requirements can be met
          with a combination of general liability and umbrella/excess liability policies. Terms and Conditions
          of umbrella/excess insurance must be as broad as underlying policies or greater. The insurance
          must be written on an occurrence basis only.
                  3)     Automobile Liability insurance with a limit of not less than Three Million Dollars
          ($3,000,000.00) per accident, bodily injury and property damage, for any owned, hired or non-
          owned vehicle used by you while performing under this Agreement (the auto liability shall also be
          scheduled as underlying on the umbrella/excess policy referenced above for additional limits).
                    4)     Cyber Insurance coverage with an aggregate minimum limit of Ten Million Dollars
          ($10,000,000.00). This insurance coverage shall include, without limitation, Network Security
          Liability, Employee Privacy Liability and Electronic Media Liability. This insurance coverage shall
          be a worldwide coverage.
                   5)      Property All Risk Insurance valued at replacement cost, including business
          interruption insurance providing for continued payment of all amounts due us and/or any Affiliate of
          ours under this Agreement.
                  6)     In the event that we and you shall have duplicate insurance coverage, your
          insurance coverage shall be considered as the primary coverage and there shall be no right of
          subrogation against our insurance.
                  7)      You shall be responsible for all Occupational Safety and Health Administration
          (OSHA) training required of your employees and you shall only utilize your tools and equipment in
          performing the Services.
                  8)      In addition to the above, you will also satisfy any insurance requirements required
          by the applicable laws.
        If you fail to maintain required insurance coverage, we may, but are not required to, obtain such
insurance coverage on your behalf. You will pay us on demand any costs and premiums we incur. We may
also elect, at our option, to secure such insurance as will satisfy the requirements and withhold an amount
equal to the cost of that insurance and the cost of obtaining that insurance from any and all sums due you.
We will notify you of any insurance default and you will have fifteen (15) days to cure. We may require you
to immediately cease all operations at the applicable Restaurant until any such default is fully cured.

         D.      If you have and maintain a self-insurance program you may, with our prior written consent,
self-insure the obligations described in this Section 10, provided that you give us evidence reasonably
satisfactory to us of comparable coverage and such other related documentation as we may request from
time to time. Any such consent by us will not be unreasonably withheld, provided that you maintain a
minimum net worth of One Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000), which shall be verified by
audited financial statements that you must submit to us annually. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, you shall comply with all relevant insurance legislation and have the necessary financial
reserves to meet statutory requirements.




                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 25
