                                                                                                00000041.0

           C.  Neither you nor any transferee shall rely on us to assist in the evaluation of the terms of
any proposed transfer. You acknowledge and agree that an approval of a proposed transfer shall not be
deemed to be an approval of the terms, nor any indication as to any likelihood of success or economic
viability.

          14.4   Effect of Consent to Transfer.

        Our consent to a transfer is not a waiver of any claims we may have against you, and you are not
relieved of any obligations to us or any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities (including any defaults) unless
you have an express written release signed by us. You acknowledge and agree that your obligations under
the Post Termination Provisions will survive any transfer of this Agreement. Any dispute regarding any
proposed or completed transfer will be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement.

          14.5   Our Right-of-First-Refusal.

         A.       We have a right-of-first-refusal regarding any proposed Transfer subject to this Agreement
and Section 14.5 C., below, excluding those Transfers which are to a Business Entity wholly-owned by you.
With each proposed Transfer, you agree to provide us with a true and complete copy of the offer received
and any ancillary agreements and to comply with the conditions to transfer described in Sections 14.2 and
14.3, as applicable. The offer, the price and the terms of purchase must apply only to the Transfer of an
interest in this Agreement, the applicable Restaurant(s) and related assets and the Licensee, if applicable.
You shall comply with any notice requirements regarding any such offer as may be provided under
applicable law. Any value attributable to the goodwill of the Marks, System elements, Confidential
Information or other of Panda Express intellectual property will be excluded from the purchase price, but
goodwill related solely to the value of your Franchise as a going business may be included. We can exercise
our rights under this Section 14.5 by accepting the terms of purchase directly by ourselves, or indirectly,
through the acceptance of such terms by an Affiliate or other Panda Express licensee of ours (our
“Designated Purchaser”). If we elect to exercise our rights through a Designated Purchaser, such
Designated Purchaser shall have the same rights and privileges in connection with the purchase as are
afforded us under this Section 14.5.

          B.       We will give you written notice of our decision to exercise our right of first refusal within
thirty (30) days from the date of our receipt of the offer and ancillary documents. If you are in default, we
can require that any defaults be cured before the 30-day period begins. We can choose to substitute cash
for any form of payment and are entitled to a General Release from you, your owners and Affiliates and to
all Customary Representations, Warranties and Agreements. We can require that the closing of the sale
be through an escrow. You and we will comply with any applicable bulk sales and/or similar laws, and
insurance policies must be maintained until the date of closing. We have the right to set off against any
amount of money payable by us, all amounts due from you and/or your Affiliates to us and/or our Affiliates.
We also have the right to pay any amount otherwise due to you directly to your creditors in satisfaction of
your obligations. We will not be obligated to pay any amount otherwise payable to you if you breach a post
termination obligation under this Agreement. If there is a material change in the terms of a proposed sale,
we have an additional right-of-first-refusal on the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the initial
right-of-first-refusal.

         C.       We acknowledge that our ability to exercise our right of first refusal ourselves or indirectly
through our designee, as provided above, may be subject to your Client’s approval. If a proposed Transfer is
subject to Client approval, you agree to use best efforts to seek and obtain such approval.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 33
