favor of a proposed resolution in the event no consensus can be reached upon the conclusion of discussions). The
Company will indemnify and hold harmless any Arbiter selected in accordance with this Section 5.3 to the same
extent that the Arbiter would be indemnified under Section 5.6 and Section 11.1 if the Arbiter were a Manager of the
Company. In no event, however, will any Arbiter appointed in accordance with this Section 5.3 be designated or
construed to be a Manager of the Company.

         5.4      Election of Manager(s).

                   (a)      The Company will initially have a single Manager. As of the date of this Agreement, the
Members appoint ___________________ (i.e., NAME OF OPERATOR) as that single Manager. The number of
Manager(s) of the Company will be fixed from time to time by the affirmative vote or written consent of a Majority
Interest, provided that in no instance will there be less than one Manager. Unless a Manager resigns or is removed,
each Manager will hold office until a successor has been elected and qualified. Manager(s) will be elected by the
affirmative vote or written consent of a Majority Interest. A Manager need not be a Member, an individual, a
resident of any particular state, or a U.S. citizen.

                   (b)      Any Manager may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Members and
remaining Manager(s) without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Company under any contract to which the
Manager is a party. The resignation of any Manager will take effect on receipt of that notice or at such later time as
specified in the notice; and, unless otherwise specified in the notice, the acceptance of the resignation will not be
necessary to make it effective. The resignation of a Manager who is also a Member will not affect the Manager’s
rights as a Member and will not constitute a withdrawal of a Member.

                   (c)     All or any lesser number of Manager(s) may be removed at any time, with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of a Majority Interest at a meeting called expressly for that purpose, or by the written
consent of a Majority Interest. Any removal will be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Manager under any
employment contract and, if the Manager is also a Member, will not affect the Manager’s rights as a Member or
constitute a withdrawal of a Member. A Manager also may be removed by the affirmative vote or written consent of
a majority of the remaining Manager(s) if the Manager becomes incapable of fulfilling the Manager’s obligations
under this Agreement because of injury or physical or mental illness and the incapacity has continued for 30
working days in the aggregate during any consecutive six-month period.

                  (d)       Any vacancy occurring for any reason in the number of Manager(s) may be filled by the
affirmative vote or written consent of Members holding a Majority Interest, subject to necessary approval of the new
Manager(s) in accordance with the terms of the Company’s License Agreement(s) from Citadel Panda Express, Inc.

         5.5        Members Have No Managerial Authority. The Members have no power to participate in the
Company’s management except as expressly authorized by this Agreement or the Articles and except as expressly
required by the Act. Unless expressly and duly authorized in writing to do so by a Manager or Manager(s), no
Member will have any power or authority to bind or act on the Company’s behalf in any way, to pledge its credit, or
to render it liable for any purpose.

          5.6      Performance of Duties; Manager(s)’ Liability. A Manager will not be liable to the Company or
any Member for any loss or damage sustained by the Company or any Member, except to the extent that the loss is
the result of fraud, deceit, gross negligence, or reckless or intentional misconduct. The Manager(s) will perform their
managerial duties in good faith, in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the Company’s and Members’ best
interests, and with such care, including reasonable inquiry, as an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would
use under similar circumstances. A Manager who so performs the duties of Manager will not have any liability by
reason of being or having been a Manager of the Company. In performing their duties, the Manager(s) will be
entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports, or statements, including financial statements and other financial
data, received from the following persons or groups:

                 (a)         One or more officers, employees or other agents of the Company whom the Manager(s)
reasonably believe to be reliable and competent in the matters presented;




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
