        (NOTE: WE HAVE NOT REGISTERED TO SELL FRANCHISES IN THIS STATE UNLESS A
     REGISTRATION IS NOTED ON THE LIST OF STATE REGISTRATIONS FOLLOWING THE COVER
       PAGE TO THIS DOCUMENT. WE MAY AWARD A FRANCHISE IN THIS STATE IF WE ARE
       REGISTERED IN THIS STATE OR A TRANSACTION IS QUALIFIED UNDER AN AVAILABLE
                             EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION)

                                        CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM
                                      TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT


         This is the California Addendum to the Citadel Panda Express License Agreement (the “Agreement”)
with an effective date of ____________________________ by and between Citadel Panda Express, Inc.
(“We” or “us”), a California corporation, and                                       ,a
         (“Licensee” or “you”), a California licensee. The terms of this Addendum shall survive the termination
or expiration of the Agreement.


1.     To the extent that Sections 14 (“Transfer”), 15 (“Successor Rights”) and 16 (“Termination
and Default”), 17 (“Certain Rights and Obligations on Transfer, Termination and/or Expiration of the
Agreement and/or an Operating Term”), 18 (“Disposition of Product and Inventory on Certain
Terminations”) and any other terms of the Agreement are inconsistent with the California Franchise
Relations Act (CA. Bus. & Prof. Code §20020, et. seq.), the terms of the statute will control and the
applicable Section shall be modified only to the extent required to comply with such law. The
parties agree that in no event shall a reasonable opportunity to cure to the extent required under
such statute be greater than seventy five (75) days.

2.      The following language is added as subsections 15) and 16) of Section 14.3 A. of the Agreement:
                  “15)     You shall deliver to us by business courier or receipted U.S. mail, written notice of
         your intent to Transfer, which notice shall include the proposed transferee(s)’ name and address
         and shall be accompanied by a copy of all agreements and related documents pertaining to the
         proposed Transfer; and
                  16)      You shall deliver to us the transferee’s completed application, which shall include
         all forms, financial disclosures, related documentation and such other information as then may be
         required to complete our evaluation of prospective new Panda Express Restaurant licensees, and
         shall respond to any request from us for additional information within fifteen (15) days of receipt of
         such request.“

3.       The first 2 sentences of Section 14.5 B. are hereby deleted and the following language is
substituted:

         “We will give you written notice of our decision to exercise our right of first refusal or to permit or
         decline to permit your proposed Transfer to proceed within sixty (60) days from the date of our
         receipt of the offer, ancillary documents and other information we request from you regarding the
         proposed Transfer or transferee. We shall notify you in writing by business courier or U.S. receipted
         mail, and if we elect not to exercise our right of first refusal and consent to the proposed Transfer,
         then you shall be authorized to complete the proposed transaction with the proposed transferee on
         the terms contained in the original notice to us and subject to satisfaction of the conditions
         contained in this Section 14. If you are in default, we can require that any defaults be cured before
         the 60-day period begins.”

         The remainder of Section 14.5 B. remains as originally written.

4.      The following sentence is hereby added to the end of Section 16.2 C:


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
California Addendum
