                                                                                                00000041.0
of any materials. Any such agreement shall be in a form approved in advance by us. You shall deliver a
copy of each such signed agreement to us upon request.

        I.      You must send a Store Manager, a Head Chef, and an Assistant Manager for each new
Restaurant to the next available semi-annual Panda leadership conference (“PLC”). If you have more than
one Restaurant, you agree (i) to have semi-annual Restaurant portfolio reviews; one at your headquarters
and one at our headquarters at such times as we determine to be mutually convenient, and (ii) you agree
to designate the person in charge of your Asian dining segment to promote the Panda Express concept
and to uphold Panda Express quality standards and brand image.

         J.         If you have more than five (5) Restaurants, you may elect to create and develop a certified
training facility at your sole cost and expense and based upon a schedule and set of conditions as approved
by us within our reasonable discretion (the “Certified Training Unit”). We will support you with assistance
in the design, coordination of obtaining signage and marketing elements in order to support the
establishment of the Certified Training Unit. On an annual basis, the Certified Training Unit must pass
certain recertification requirements related to the quality of the Certified Training Unit and a review of your
employees that have been trained at the Certified Training Unit.

          K.      If the Certified Training Unit has been established and approved by us, you may obtain
certification from us to train subsequent Store Managers, other managers and associates yourself at the
Certified Training Unit and to provide opening assistance with respect to new Restaurants. Except for
instructors and materials, you will be responsible for all of our reasonable costs in certifying you and your
trainers to perform initial training and opening assistance for the Restaurants.

          5.2    Guidance and Assistance.

        A.        We will provide guidance regarding the operation of your Restaurant. This guidance can
be furnished in whatever manner we consider appropriate, including electronically, in writing or
telephonically, through web-based and other training programs, and/or on-site consultations, among other
methods. Each Panda Express will receive an evaluation every four (4) or five (5) weeks, at our discretion,
and subject to temporary delays due to resource availability and other factors such as opening schedules,
academic calendars and seasonal closures. We may provide at your request on-site consultations at your
Restaurant, based on notice, availability of our personnel and your payment of reasonable travel, food,
incidental and lodging expenses. We charge a fee for training provided to you and/or your personnel at
your request. Such fee is currently Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per whole/partial 8-hour day, subject to
adjustment under Section 9.6, below. The fee is charged for service days and travel days for the persons
engaged in such training.

        B.     Notwithstanding any training we may provide, we are not responsible for the quality of any
products you give to your customers, except for Products we (or any Licensor-Related Person/Entity)
manufacture and deliver to you, if any.

         C.      In addition to the required initial training as stated in Section 5.1, if we deem appropriate,
we will provide you with opening operational assistance for the opening of your Restaurant, including on-
site opening assistance for a time period to be determined by us based on your experience and availability
of trained personnel. Should we determine that such opening assistance is required, you shall pay our
then-current rate for any services provided and be responsible for payment of reasonable travel, food,
incidental and lodging expenses of our personnel.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 7
