                                                                                               00000041.0

        C.      We are authorized by you to deal with the Designated Individual and your Store Manager(s)
regarding routine operations and reporting requirements. You will use commercially reasonable measures
to ensure that we are given, and kept current regarding, the identities of each Store Manager, Head Chef,
and/or Assistant Manager for each Restaurant.

        D.      Excluding any training services provided under Sections 5.1 and 5.2, above, if any agent
or employee of ours works at any of your Restaurants on your behalf, whether as a management or a crew
member, you agree to compensate such person at our then current compensation rate for comparable
employees/agents of ours. You shall also be responsible for any related out of pocket expenses incurred
by any such person, including, but not limited to, any applicable travel, lodging, and food costs.

       E.      All employees, including managers, must wear the Panda Uniform while working in a
Restaurant and at no time shall the Panda Uniform be worn while working in any other business.

         F.       In order to maintain compliance with System Standards and customer satisfaction,
Licensee must obtain and maintain a sufficient number of fully-trained staff members to operate the
Restaurant at all times in accordance with System Standards. Licensor reserves the right to notify
Licensee that Licensee’s compliance with System Standards and/or customer satisfaction, and in such case
Licensee will timely act to cure such deficiencies. Licensee must notify Licensor within 10 days of any
departure or any new hire with respect to the Store Manager or Head Chef for the Location. Failure to
timely notify Licensor of any such departure or hiring may be deemed a default for purposes of Section 16.3
of the Agreement, which provides that for a formal default if Licensee had caused two or more defaults to
occur in any consecutive 12 month period. If Licensee fails to have an Assistant Manager and a Store
Manager on the payroll to manage the Restaurant on a daily basis, Licensor, at its sole discretion, may
place its manager at the Licensee’s Restaurant to ensure compliance of the System Standards temporarily
until Licensee is able to hire a substitute Store Manager.

         G.      We recommend that you have Operations Training Leader(s) if you have five (5) or more
locations to support growth and accommodate the continuous learning and training of associates in a high
turn-over environment. The Operations Training Leader(s) is responsible for providing the necessary
training to the new and existing Licensee’s associates including Store Managers, Assistant Managers In
Training and/or Store Managers In Training and to keep the pipeline of future quality store managers
filled.

         H.       Each Operations Training Leader (if Licensee elects to have this position) must be working
with you as a Store Manager for your Panda Express Restaurant at least two (2) years and must
successfully complete the Operations Training Leader training in a company-owned Panda Express
Restaurant as required under the Brand Standards. The Operations Training Leaders are expected to know
and be able to train other associates in the Panda Express System Standards. The Operations Training
Leader’s ability to train others will be measured by the success of the associates they train in the existing
stores and new store openings. If three (3) trained associates consecutively fail our certification process or
the Operations Training Leader has three (3) associates who failed the certification process in one (1) year,
then that Operations Training Leader will be deemed ineffective and will be required to attend remedial
training as further detailed in the System Standards, at the Licensee’s sole cost and expense.

         I.     If you have more than five (5) Unit Locations, we may require you to have a Head of
Operations to oversee the Restaurants. The Head of Operations is accountable for ensuring that operations
of the stores meet or exceed Panda Express Restaurant Brand Standards including ensuring compliance
with Panda Express’ team composition and structure necessary to operate all existing and new stores at
Brand Standards. The Head of Operations works on strengthening the connection between operations,

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                            Page 23
