       D.     from mail, fax, telephone orders, third-party delivery services and/or any orders
received through other electronic or other means and filled on or from a Restaurant;

       E.      from all deposits not refunded to purchasers;

       F.     from orders sold under Panda Express Marks or Trade Dress though filled outside
a Restaurant; and

       G.    in connection with any Similar Business operated in violation of the License
       Agreement.

        All sales and/or billings, whether collected or not, will be included in Gross Volume, with
no deduction for credit card, third-party delivery service charges or fees, or other charges. Gross
Volume does not include sales tax collected and paid when due to the appropriate taxing authority
and actual customer refunds, adjustments, credits, and employee discounts given. If all Royalty
payments to us are paid on time and the cumulative amount of Royalty payments for a particular
Restaurant exceed the applicable Royalty percentage rate on Gross Volume earned or received
at that Restaurant for any calendar year, we will credit the excess amount against future Royalties
you owe for that particular Restaurant.

        We can adjust the percentage Royalties and the minimum Royalty amount for future
Restaurants. We will notify you of any modification to the Royalty percentage and/or Minimum
Royalty amount to be applied to a future Restaurant when we send you our written authorization
for a proposed location. No adjustment would apply retroactively to any Restaurant authorized
or operating at the time of the adjustment (except for any applicable inflation adjustment), unless
you and we mutually amend the License Agreement. The current Royalty period is a four-week
period. If we change the time period, any amounts that are paid based on that period will be
appropriately adjusted, as will the due dates of any reports or other matters impacted by the
change to the time period.

       Before opening or operating any Restaurant, your Head of Operations, Operations
Training Leader, Store Manager, Assistant Manager(s), Head Chef(s), Shift Lead(s), Cook(s),
Kitchen Help, and Counter Help for that Restaurant must attend and successfully complete the
applicable initial training program.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                              15
