                                                                                               00000041.0
          5.3    Manuals.

          During the term of the License, we will loan you (or allow you electronic or other access to) one
copy of the Manuals. We have the continuing right to revise the Manuals upon not less than thirty (30) days
written notice to you. Mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures prescribed from time
to time by us in the Manuals, or otherwise communicated to you in writing, electronically or otherwise, are
a part of this Agreement. At our option, we may post the Manuals on our System website or another
restricted website to which you will have access. If we do so, you must periodically monitor the website
for any updates to the Manual or System Standards. Any passwords or other digital identifications
necessary to access the Manual on such a website will be deemed to be part of Confidential Information
(defined in Section 8.1). You agree to comply with all mandatory provisions of, and reasonable
additions/deletions/changes to, the Manuals. Any such additions/deletions/changes will take precedence
over all prior communications. In the event of a dispute, the master Manuals maintained at our office will
control. The Manuals and the information and data that they contain are Confidential Information and will
at all times remain our sole and exclusive property. You acknowledge and agree that any personnel and
security-related policies or procedures in the Manuals are for your optional use and are not mandatory
provisions. It is your sole responsibility to determine to what extent, if any, any personnel and security-
related policies and procedures described in the Manuals or otherwise by us might be applicable to your
operations at the Restaurant. You and we acknowledge and agree that we neither dictate nor control labor
or employment matters for you and your employees. You and we agree that neither of us are, or shall be
deemed to be, a joint employer with the other. More specifically, you agree that we and you are not joint
employers of your employees and other personnel. We do not and will not share or codetermine any of
your employees’ essential terms and conditions of employment. More specifically, in no case do we have
any authority to determine or set your employees’: (1) wages, benefits, and other compensation; (2) hours
of work and scheduling; (3) the assignment of duties to be performed; (4) the supervision of the
performance of duties; (5) work rules and directions governing the manner, means, and methods of the
performance of duties and the grounds for discipline; (6) the tenure of employment, including hiring and
discharge; and/or (7) working conditions related to the safety and health of employees. You alone have
sole authority to determine any or all your employees’ essential terms and conditions of employment.

6.        MARKS.

          6.1    Goodwill and Ownership of Marks.

          Our Affiliate developed and owns the System and is the federally registered owner of the Marks in
the United States. We are licensed to grant to you, and you are hereby granted, a non-exclusive right to
use the Marks and System as expressly authorized by us under this Agreement. You acknowledge and
agree that nothing in this Agreement grants you any right, title, or interest in the Marks, and that we and
our Affiliates have all rights in and to the Marks. All goodwill related to the Marks belongs exclusively to us
or our applicable Affiliate and any use of the Marks by you inures to our/their benefit. You agree not to
oppose, or engage in any acts or omissions inconsistent with this Agreement or our/our Affiliate’s rights in
and to the Marks. This Agreement applies to all trademarks, service marks and other commercial symbols
that we may authorize you to use under this Agreement throughout its term.

          6.2    Limitations and Use of Marks.

        You agree to use the Panda Express Mark as the sole identification for your Restaurant without
any accompanying words or symbols, other than as may be specified by us. You will not use any Mark, or
modified version or derivative of a Mark, as part of any business or trade name. You shall not have any
business or trade name phonetically or visually similar to any Marks. You shall give such trademark and
other notices, including notices of independent ownership, as we direct and to obtain fictitious or assumed

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 8
