                                                                                                 00000041.0
          19.12   Application of Agreement to Parties and Others; Joint and Several Liability; Personal
                  Guaranty.

          A.      The rights and obligations of this Agreement run directly between you and us and are not
intended to create any third-party beneficiary or similar rights or obligations unless specifically expressed
in this Agreement; except that the protections which apply to us for the safeguarding of Intellectual Property
or relating to indemnification and/or releases shall also apply to any current and/or future Licensor-Related
Persons/Entities as if they were expressly named beneficiaries thereof.

         B.     We have the right to elect in our sole and absolute discretion to not enforce (or to selectively
enforce) any provision of this or any Agreement, standard or policy, whether with respect to you and/or any
other Licensee or other person, in a lawful manner without liability.

           C.      If two (2) or more persons/entities are the Licensee at any time, all of their obligations and
liabilities under this or any other agreement with us and/or any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities will be
joint and several.

         D.       We have the right to require any or all individuals having a legal or beneficial ownership
interest, directly or indirectly, in a Business Entity Licensee to sign our then current form of personal
guaranty. The current approved form of Continuing Personal Guaranty is attached as Exhibit 19.12 to this
Agreement. We have the right to require any such guarantor‘s spouse or domestic partner under local law
to co-sign any such guaranty.

          19.13   Fundamental Business Intention to Mediate and/or Arbitrate, Severability of Dispute
                  Resolution Provisions, Federal Arbitration Act Governs, etc.

        If any provision of this Section 19 is deemed by a court to be unenforceable for any reason, you
and we agree and intend that such provision will be i) modified so as to be enforceable or ii), if that cannot
be done, severed. Any remaining portions of this Section 19 shall remain in full force and effect. You and
we acknowledge that your and our activities relating to the License relationship are in interstate commerce
and that this Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.

          19.14   Contractor and Subcontractor Status.

         The parties agree that Licensor shall not be a contractor or subcontractor, agent, or employee of
Licensee. Licensee shall be responsible for paying all taxes on payments received pursuant to the License
Agreement. Licensee shall properly direct and control its subcontractors and shall have full responsibility
for all work, whether performed by Licensee or its subcontractors. In this regard, Licensee shall be
responsible for all work performed by, and for the acts, omissions, or negligence of its employees,
subcontractors and of all employees or agents of its subcontractors, and for compliance by each of its
subcontractors with the requirements of their contract, and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

20.       NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

        All written notices and reports to be delivered under this Agreement or pursuant to the Manuals will
be deemed so delivered when delivered by hand, immediately on transmission by facsimile transmission
or other electronic system, including e-mail or any similar means, one (1) business day after being placed
in the hands of a commercial courier service for overnight delivery, or three (3) business days after
placement in the United States Mail by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid
and addressed to us at Citadel Panda Express, Inc., 1683 Walnut Grove Ave., Rosemead, CA 91770 (or



                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 48
