                5.6     Information on Collateral and Business. The Obligor shall deliver to the
Creditor such other data and information (financial and otherwise) as the Creditor from time to
time may reasonably request bearing upon or related to the Collateral or the Obligor's business
operations or financial condition (including, without limitation, audited financial statements, at
least quarterly), and shall permit and provide information as requested so that Creditor may
perform a credit check from time to time.

                5.7     Duty of Care. The Obligor shall be responsible for preserving and
maintaining the Collateral, and the Creditor shall have no duty of care with respect to the
Collateral, except that the Creditor shall have an obligation to exercise reasonable care with
respect to Collateral in its possession; provided that (i) the Creditor shall be deemed to have
exercised reasonable care if Collateral in its possession is accorded treatment substantially
comparable to that which the Creditor accords its own property or treatment substantially in
accordance with actions requested by the Obligor in writing, although the Creditor shall not be
obligated to comply with any such requests and (ii) the Creditor shall not be obligated to take
steps to preserve rights for or against any other parties or property.

              5.8    Taxes. The Obligor shall pay when due all governmental taxes,
assessments or charges upon, or related to, the Collateral.

                5.9     Further Assurances and Authority of Creditor. The Obligor shall from
time to time execute, deliver, file and record all such further agreements, instruments, financing
statements, notices and other documents (collectively, "Supplemental Documentation") as may
be requested by the Creditor to perfect or preserve the Security Interest, to enable the Creditor to
notify any third parties of the existence of the Creditor's Security Interest, or otherwise to carry
out the intent of this Agreement and the Financing Documents. The Obligor authorizes the
Creditor to file financing statements where desirable in the Creditor's judgment to perfect the
Security Interest without the signature of the Obligor. If any amount payable under or in
connection with any of the Collateral shall be or become evidenced by any Instrument,
Certificated Security or Chattel Paper, such Instrument, Certificated Security or Chattel Paper
shall be immediately delivered to the Creditor, duly indorsed in a manner satisfactory to the
Creditor, to be held as Collateral pursuant to this Agreement.

                  5.10 Power of Attorney. The Obligor hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes
and appoints the Creditor (and all persons designated by the Creditor for that purpose) as the
Obligor's true and lawful attorney-in-fact (and agent-in-fact), which power is coupled with an
interest to (i) sign the name of the Obligor on any Supplemental Documentation and to deliver
any Supplemental Documentation to such persons as the Creditor, in its sole discretion, may
elect and (ii) to obtain, hold, direct or redirect delivery of or otherwise administer, and control
any agreement, instrument or document evidencing any portion of the Collateral or the Obligor's
rights with respect thereto, including documents of title, warehouse receipts and security
agreements (collectively "Special Collateral"), as the Creditor, in its sole discretion, may elect.

               5.11 Insurance. The Obligor shall, at its sole expense, maintain the Collateral
insured against such risks and in such amounts, subject to such reasonable and customary
deductibles, and for such periods as is customarily carried by other owners or users of such

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
