your site selection process, you are not obligated under the Agreement to open your Restaurant
until you identify a proposed location and receive our authorization to establish your Restaurant
there. We may permit you to operate one or more of your Restaurants under the Agreement, but
we are not obligated to provide any authorization to any proposed Restaurant.

        For each Restaurant we authorize, you are licensed to use our distinctive format and
method of doing business developed and used for the operation of a Panda Express Restaurant.
This distinctive format and method include Panda Express Restaurant design, other trade dress
features, equipment, fixtures, and apparel specifications, specified Product (as defined in the
Agreement) offerings and preparation methods, standard operating and administrative
procedures, and management and technical training programs (the “Panda Express System”). A
“Panda Express Restaurant” is a “brick and mortar” premises using our Marks and Panda Express
System at a location approved by us for the retail distribution of Products and Services (as defined
in the Agreement) to the general public. You must operate each Restaurant in compliance with
the then-current Panda Express System, System Standards and the Manuals (each as defined in
the Agreement). Operating and maintaining each Restaurant according to System Standards and
the Manuals is important to the preservation of the goodwill associated with the Marks and the
System.

        We do business under the names “Citadel Panda Express” and “Panda Express.” PRG
owns the Panda Express mark and all other trademarks and service marks licensed to you under
the License Agreement (the “Marks”), as well as the Panda Express System. PRG has licensed
us to use and to sublicense the use of the Marks and Panda Express System.

  We offered and registered Panda Express Franchises in various states since 1995. In 2004 we
began granting franchises under license agreements similar to the one attached to this Disclosure
Document. We also grant licenses to develop Panda Express restaurant internationally in select
jurisdictions.

         Although we have not conducted a business of the type to be operated by you, our
Affiliates PEI and PRG own and operate businesses similar to a Panda Express Restaurant. PEI
owns and operates Panda Express Restaurants, as discussed in more detail below. Hibachi-San,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of PEI and our Affiliate, owns and operates (through its parents,
PEI and PRG) restaurants trading under the name “Hibachi-San.”

        The first Panda Express Restaurant was opened in 1983 in Glendale, California by
Galleria Panda Express, Inc., a California corporation, a majority of whose stock was owned by
Andrew and Peggy Cherng, the principal indirect owners of PRG. Galleria Panda Express, Inc.
was merged into PEI on February 18, 1994.

     PEI has owned and operated Panda Express® Restaurants since November 1990. As of
December 28, 2024, it owned and operated 2,329 Panda Express Restaurants.

      PEI occasionally sells a Panda Express Restaurant it operates to a prospective Panda
Express licensee. In that case, you and PEI would sign an asset purchase agreement for the
purchase of the Panda Express Restaurant. Price, lease related provisions and other terms would
be negotiated between you and PEI on a case -by -case basis. A sample asset purchase
agreement is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit F. You also would sign a License
Agreement with us if you bought a Panda Express Restaurant from PEI.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                   2
