  SAMPLE PROMISSORY
 NOTE (“PN”), SECURITY                                                 SUMMARY
 AGREEMENT (“SA”) AND               SECTION
 CONTINUING GUARANTEE
        (“CG”)
 v.   Choice of forum         PN – Section 4          State and federal courts in Los Angeles
                                                      County, or the lender can choose any
                                                      other court having subject matter
                                                      jurisdiction.
                                                      Waiver of doctrine of forum non
                                                      conveniens or objection to venue. Waiver
                                                      of jury trial. Subject to applicable state
                                                      law.

                              SA – Sections 20,
                              22 and 24               Arbitration at a location in California
                                                      selected by the American Arbitration
                                                      Association, subject to applicable state
                                                      law. Judgment upon the arbitrator’s
                                                      decision may be entered in any court
                                                      having jurisdiction. Waiver of jury trial.
                                                      Waiver of class action. Full waiver of
                                                      legal defenses against payment.

                              CG – Sections
                              2.05, 2.06, 2.07,       The courts of the State of California, or
                              2.09, 2.10 and 3.07     any United States District Court of
                                                      California, or other court chosen by the
                                                      lender. Waiver of venue objections. Full
                                                      waiver of all legal defenses against
                                                      payment and subrogation and of specified
                                                      statutory rights and benefits.

 w. Choice of law             PN – Section 4 and      California law applies. Subject to state
                                                      law.
                              CG – Section 3.06

                                                      The California UCC applies (or the UCC
                              SA – Section 17
                                                      of any other state if necessary for the
                                                      enforcement of the security interest). For
                                                      matters not covered by the applicable
                                                      UCC, California law applies. Subject to
                                                      applicable state law.


ITEM 18.       PUBLIC FIGURES

       We do not use any public figure to promote our licenses.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                   68
