          5.13 Officers. The Manager may appoint officers at any time. The officers may include a chairperson,
president, chief executive officer (“CEO”), chief financial officer (“CFO”), one or more vice presidents, secretary,
and one or more assistant secretaries. The officers will serve at the Manager’s pleasure subject to all rights, if any,
of an officer under any employment contract. Any individual may hold any number of offices. No officer need be a
U.S. citizen or a resident of any particular state. If the Manager is not an individual, its officers may serve as the
Company’s officers. The officers will exercise such powers and perform such duties as specified in this Agreement
and as the Manager will determine.

         5.14 Limited Liability. No person who is a Manager, an officer of the Company, or both a Manager
and an officer of the Company will be personally liable under any judgment of a court, or in any other manner, for
any debt, obligation, or liability of the Company, whether that liability or obligation arises in contract, tort, or
otherwise, solely by reason of being a Manager, an officer of the Company, or both a Manager and an officer of the
Company.

         5.15 Fiduciary Duties. The only fiduciary duties a Manager owes to the Company and the Members
are solely the duty of loyalty and the duty of care as described below:

                   (a)      The Manager(s)’ duty of loyalty to the Company and the Members (both in conducting
the business of the Company and in winding up the affairs of the Company following a dissolution) is limited to the
following: (i) to account to the Company and hold as trustee for the Company any property, profit, or benefit derived
by the Manager in conducting the business of the Company or derived from any use by the Manager of Company
property; (ii) except as permitted by Section 5.9 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, to refrain from dealing
with the Company as or on behalf of a party having an interest adverse to the Company; and (iii) except as permitted
by Section 5.9 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, to refrain from competing with the Company in the
conduct of the Company business. In accordance with Section 5.8, the Managers’ duty of loyalty to the Company
and the Members does not require the Manager(s) to present to the Company an opportunity any other business
opportunities.

                   (b)      The Manager(s)’ duty of care to the Company and the Members is to perform their
managerial duties in good faith, in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the Company’s and Members’ best
interests, and with such care, including reasonable inquiry, as an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would
use under similar circumstances, and to refrain from engaging in grossly negligent or reckless conduct, intentional
misconduct, or a knowing violation of law.

                                         Article 6
                 ALLOCATIONS OF NET PROFITS AND NET LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS

         6.1        Allocations of Net Profit and Net Loss.

                  (a)     After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Section 6.2, Net Profit will be
allocated to the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests.

                   (b)       After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Section 6.2, Net Loss will be
allocated to the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests, provided that loss allocations will be made only
to the extent such loss allocations will not create a deficit Capital Account balance for that Member in excess of an
amount, if any, equal to such Member’s share of Company Minimum Gain that would be realized on a foreclosure
of the Company’s property. Any loss not allocated to a Member because of the foregoing will be allocated to the
other Member(s) (to the extent the other Member(s) are not so limited under this Section 6.1(b)). Any loss so
reallocated will be taken into account in computing subsequent allocations of income and losses pursuant to this
Article 6 so that the net amount of any item so allocated and the income and losses allocated to each Member
pursuant to this Article 6, to the extent possible, will be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to
each Member pursuant to this Article 6 if no reallocation of losses had occurred under this Section 6.1(b).




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
