                                                                                            00000041.0
         D.       Arbitration Authority. Arbitrators in any proceeding under this Section 19 shall
apply all applicable law, and a failure to apply the applicable law in accord with Section 19.11 shall
be deemed an act in excess of authority and reviewable by the courts and the parties expressly
agree that any arbitration award can be reviewed and overturned by a court for legal error. The
arbitrator shall decide any questions relating in any way to the parties’ agreement, or claimed
agreement, to arbitrate, including but not limited to applicability, subject matter, arbitrability,
timeliness, scope, remedies, formation issues or purportedly void or voidable provisions of the
Agreement and any alleged fraud in the inducement. The arbitrator may issue summary orders
disposing of all or part of a claim and provide for temporary restraining orders, preliminary
injunctions, injunctions, attachments, claim and delivery proceedings, temporary protective orders,
receiverships and other equitable and/or interim/final relief. Each party consents to the enforcement
of such orders, injunctions, or other relief by any court having jurisdiction. The subpoena powers of
the arbitrator with respect to witnesses to appear at the arbitration proceeding shall not be subject
to any geographical limitation.

          E.      Discovery. The disputants shall have the same discovery rights as are available
in civil actions under California law as selected in Section 19.11.

         F.       Compulsory Counter-claims. Each participant must submit or file any claim that
would constitute a compulsory counter-claim (as defined by the applicable rule under the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such
Claim that is not submitted or filed in such proceeding will be forever barred. In no event shall offers
and/or other communications made in connection with, or related in any way to, mediation, possible
settlement or other resolution of a dispute be admitted into evidence or otherwise used in any
arbitration or other proceeding.

         G.       Fees and Costs. The parties will bear their own fees and costs, including
Attorneys’ Fees, for matters settled through agreement of the parties. For matters not settled
through agreement of the parties and to the extent the arbitrator designates a party as non-
prevailing, the arbitrator shall assess fees and costs incurred in connection with the arbitration
against the non-prevailing party, and the non-prevailing party also shall be responsible for the
prevailing party’s cost and expenses incurred in connection with the arbitration, including Attorneys’
Fees and costs.

          H.      Preliminary Relief and Undisputed Debts. Either party shall be entitled to seek
preliminary or interim injunctive or provisional relief by a court or by arbitration (including, but not
limited to, a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction, all without bond) without showing
or proving any actual damage, until such time as a final and binding determination is made by the
arbitrator. The foregoing equitable remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, all other remedies
or rights which the parties might otherwise have by virtue of any breach of this Agreement by the other
party. Either party shall be entitled to pursue an action for collection of moneys owed in either a
court or arbitration proceeding when the right to payment is not in dispute.

        I.      Intention to Arbitrate. You and we expressly agree that, notwithstanding any
contrary provisions of state, province, or other law, and/or any statements in any disclosure
document required by a state/province as a condition to franchise registration or for some other
purpose:

                  1)      all issues relating to arbitration and/or the enforcement of arbitration-
related provisions will be decided by the arbitrator and governed only by the Federal Arbitration Act
(9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) and the federal common law of arbitration;



  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                          Page 80
