   SAMPLE PROMISSORY
  NOTE (“PN”), SECURITY                                                SUMMARY
  AGREEMENT (“SA”) AND              SECTION
 CONTINUING GUARANTEE
          (“CG”)
 franchise is terminated
 or expires

 s. Modification of the       PN – Section 4 and     Lender must consent to any changes,
 agreement                                           which must be in writing.
                              SA – Section 21.4

                                                     Lender can make changes to the terms of
                              CG – Section 2.04
                                                     the indebtedness, take security for
                                                     payment, or settle, release, compromise
                                                     with, or substitute any one or more
                                                     endorsers, guarantors and/or other
                                                     obligors.

 t. Integration/ merger       PN – Section 4          Only the terms of the financing documents
 clause                                               are binding (subject to applicable state
                              SA – Section 21.9
                                                      law). Nothing in this or in any related
                                                      agreement, however, is intended to
                                                      disclaim the representations we made in
                                                      the franchise disclosure document that we
                              CG – Not                furnished to you.
                              applicable

 u. Dispute resolution        PN & CG – Not           Not applicable
 by arbitration or            applicable
 mediation

                              SA – Section 24
                                                      All disputes must be resolved by binding
                                                      arbitration, except that arbitration
                                                      requirement does not limit foreclosure of
                                                      real property/personal property, setoff or
                                                      repossession of collateral/proceeds of
                                                      collateral, replevin, injunctive relief,
                                                      attachment or the appointment of a
                                                      receiver. If dispute pertains to loan
                                                      secured by real property, it can instead be
                                                      referred to a referee in accordance with
                                                      California Code of Civil Procedure Section
                                                      638 et seq. Disputes for amounts within
                                                      the jurisdiction of small claims court must
                                                      be taken to small claims court instead of
                                                      arbitration. Subject to applicable state law.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                 67
