                “We shall not prevent you from retaining control of the principal place of the Licensed
       Business or any of your Restaurants if this Agreement is mutually terminated pursuant to Section
       16.2 C.”

5.    Section 16.3 is hereby deleted and the following language is substituted:

               “16.3 Defaults by You; Termination of Agreement by Us.             This Agreement will
       automatically Terminate upon delivery of our written notice of Termination to you without further
       action by us if you:

                A       abandon your Restaurant business by failing to operate one or more of your
       Restaurant(s) for five (5) consecutive days during which you are required to operate, or for any
       shorter period after which it is not unreasonable for us to conclude that you do not intend to continue
       operating;

                B.      experience a seizure or foreclosure of the Licensed Business or Restaurant
       premises by a government official or by a creditor or lessor and a final judgment against you is
       unsatisfied for 30 days, or a levy of execution is made upon any property used in the Licensed
       Business and not discharged within five (5) days;
                C.      make any material misrepresentation or omission in the application for the License;

                 D.     are (or the Licensed Business is) the subject of an order for relief in bankruptcy,
       judicially determined to be insolvent or admit you/the Licensed Business are unable to pay debts
       as they become due; or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors;

               E.       are (or a director of principal officer is) convicted of, or plead no contest to, a felony,
       or any other criminal misconduct relevant to the operation of your Licensed Business;

              F.      engage in any conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon your
       Licensed Business, the System or the goodwill associated with the Marks;

                G.      fail to comply with any law or regulation applicable to the operation of the Licensed
       Business for a period of 10 days after notification of non-compliance, including without limitation,
       health, safety, building, and labor laws and regulations;

                H.       after curing a failure to comply with this Agreement, as provided in Sections 16 3.
       J. or K., below, engage in the same non-compliance, whether or not corrected after notice, or
       repeatedly fail to comply with one or more requirements of this Agreement or the Manuals, whether
       or not corrected after notice;

                I.      operate the Licensed Business or a Restaurant such that we reasonably determine
       that the continued operation of the Licensed Business and/or any Restaurant can result in imminent
       danger to public health and/or safety;

                J.       fail to pay any amount due us or an Affiliate of ours when due and do not correct
       such failure within five (5) days after we give you written notice of such default; or

                 K.        fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement other than those described in
       Section 16.3 A – J, above, or any other agreement with us and/or any Affiliate of ours, or any
       System Standard or mandatory requirement prescribed in the Manuals within sixty (60) days after
       receipt of our written notice of default. If any such default cannot reasonably be corrected within
       such sixty (60) day period, then you must undertake diligent efforts within such sixty (60) day period
       to come into full compliance and furnish, at our request, proof acceptable to us of such efforts. In
       any event, all such defaults must be fully cured within seventy five (75) days after delivery of the
       initial written notice to you.

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
California Addendum
