              21.6 Section Titles. The section titles contained in this Agreement are merely
for convenience and shall be without substantive meaning or content.

                21.7 Construction. The word "including" shall have the inclusive meaning
represented by the phrase "including without limitation." Unless the context of this Agreement
clearly otherwise requires, the word "or" shall have the meaning represented by the phrase
"and/or," references to the plural include the singular and references to the singular include the
plural.

               21.8 Survival. It is the express intention and agreement of the parties hereto
that all covenants and agreements, statements, representations, warranties and indemnities made
by Obligor shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

                21.9 Entire Agreement, Modification; Benefit. This Agreement and the
exhibits hereto constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the
transactions contemplated herein, and supersede all prior oral and written agreements with
respect to the transactions contemplated herein, and may not be modified, deleted or amended in
any manner except by agreement in writing executed by the parties; provided that nothing in this
Agreement or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. made in the franchise disclosure document that furnished to Obligor.

      22.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. The Obligor and the Creditor each irrevocably
and unconditionally waive trial by jury in any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Financing Document and for any counterclaim therein.

       23.     NON-SUBORDINATION. The rights of Creditor under this Agreement are not
subordinated in any way to any other obligation of Obligor or to the rights of others.

       24.     ARBITRATION.

                (a)     Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to
submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or among them (and
their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort,
contract or otherwise in any way arising out of or relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any
of the Loan Documents, and their negotiation, execution, collateralization, administration,
repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or
termination; or (ii) requests for additional credit.

                (b)     Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location
in California selected by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”); (ii) be governed by the
Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United State Code), notwithstanding any conflicting
choice of law provision in any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by
the AAA, or such other administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance
with the AAA’s commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at
least $1,000,000 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in which case the
arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s optional procedures for large,

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
