                                                                                                  00000041.0
current Panda Express uniform and will be neat, clean, courteous and competent in servicing customers at
each Restaurant.

                  4)       to offer and sell at the Restaurants, only for retail consumption and not for resale,
only Products and Services authorized by us and obtained from suppliers approved by us. You further
agree always to offer and sell the “core menu” Products in each Restaurant, except to the extent of any
physical limitations at the Facility or contractual limitations imposed by the Client. You also shall always sell
“regional menu items” described in our then current System Standards. In addition to the “core menu” items,
you will select two to three (2 - 3) of the “regional menu items” identified in our then current System
Standards for service in each Restaurant. Any deviation from such required core/regional menu items must
be authorized in advance by us in writing, which authorization will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
We reserve the right to amend in our then current System Standards on System menu item changes for
Panda Express Restaurants in similar venues. You acknowledge our unrestricted right to add, modify or
delete authorized Products in the Manuals.

                 5)       to operate each Restaurant in compliance with the current System Standards and
requirements relating to food preparation, customer service and cleanliness and to use and/or participate
in the quality and service methods, materials and programs then in effect, including any specified quality
control and testing services for evaluating compliance with such Systems Standards and requirements.

                6)     not to alter, add to or delete from any part of the System, Marks, Confidential
Information or Panda Express Products, or the Panda Express menu without our express prior written
consent, which may be granted or withheld in our sole discretion.

                 7)        to promptly pay when due all suppliers related to your Restaurant operations,
including but not limited to, any Affiliate of ours; any and all taxes of every kind and nature; lease obligations
and any other payment obligation of any kind incurred in connection with your Restaurant operations and
not contested in good faith by you; and to comply with all other leasehold obligations and covenants with
respect to each of your Restaurants.

                 8)      to only sell beverage products that are specified or otherwise approved by us,
including any sole supplier for one or more beverage products. You understand that we may be subject to
certain agreements with our beverage suppliers that require your participation. You will undertake to
participate in any such beverage programs in the manner we may require from time to time, including to
enable us to comply with our then current beverage agreements.

                  9)     to comply with any applicable Client’s rules and to sign and comply with any code
of conduct or other such form provided by the Client or us in connection with the Restaurant. If there is any
inconsistency or conflict between the Panda Express System Standards and requirements and a Client’s
rules, you shall use your best efforts to coordinate and cooperate with us to fashion a resolution of such
conflict/inconsistency with the Client which requires as little deviation from System Standards and
requirements as possible.

         B.     We shall have the right, but not an obligation, to permit in our sole and absolute discretion
and without liability variations in System Standards, the Manuals and other requirements regarding any
Restaurant, whether or not operated by you, due to particular site characteristics, building configuration,
existing business practices, testing programs or other relevant details.

       C.      You agree not to implement any gift card, gift certificate, customer loyalty or similar rewards
program or any mobile or other payment capability/app/program without our prior written approval or as
may be authorized in any Manual. We may elect to implement from time to time gift card, gift certificate or

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 19
