         Neither franchisor nor any person identified in Item 2 above has been convicted of a felony or
pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge or, within the ten-year period immediately preceding the
application for registration, has been convicted of a misdemeanor or pleaded nolo contendere to a
misdemeanor charge or been held liable in a civil action by final judgment or been the subject of a material
complaint or other legal proceeding if such misdemeanor conviction or charge or civil action, complaint or
other legal proceeding involved violation of any franchise law, securities law, fraud, embezzlement,
fraudulent conversion, restraint of trade, unfair or deceptive practices, misappropriation of property or
comparable allegations.

          Neither franchisor nor any person identified in Item 2 above is subject to any injunctive or restrictive
order or decree relating to franchises or under any federal, state or Canadian franchise, securities, anti-
trust, trade regulation or trade practice law as a result of a concluded or pending action or proceeding
brought by a public agency. Neither franchisor nor any person identified in Item 2 above is subject to any
currently effective order of any national securities association (as defined in the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934) suspending or expelling such persons from membership in such association or exchange.

        3.       Item 4 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to include the following:

        Neither franchisor nor any predecessor, officer or general partner of franchisor, nor any of the
persons listed in Item 2 above has, during the 10 years prior to the date of this disclosure document, ever
been adjudged bankrupt or reorganized due to insolvency nor has any of them ever been a principal officer
of any company or a general partner in any partnership that was adjudged bankrupt or reorganized due to
insolvency during or within 1 year after the period that such officer or general partner of the franchisor held
such a position in such company or partnership, or is otherwise subject to any pending bankruptcy or
reorganization proceeding.

        4.       Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to read as follows:

        ITEM 17. RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

        This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements pertaining to
renewal, termination, transfer and dispute resolution. You should read these provisions in the agreement
attached to this disclosure document.

        5.      The following is added to Item 17 in the Summary column opposite provision D: “You may
terminate the Franchise Agreement on any grounds available to you by law.”

        6.      The following is added to Item 17 in the Summary Column opposite provision W: “The
foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon you by the GBL of
the State of New York, Article 33.”

        7.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisor in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
New York Addendum
