disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

Section 22 of the License Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

22.      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS, ENTIRE AGREEMENT, NO
         FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP.

      A.     In signing this Agreement, you acknowledge the importance of operating your
Restaurants in conformity with Panda Express standards.

         B.   You and we agree that this Agreement along with concurrently signed writings, such
as but not limited to addenda, exhibits, releases, Statement of Prospective Licensee, and any
other related documents (collectively, the Related Documents) contain the final, complete and
exclusive expression of the terms of your and our agreement. Except for our representations in
the Franchise Disclosure Document and your written representations in any license application,
any oral or written understandings, agreements or representations which are not fully expressed
in this Agreement and the Related Documents are expressly disclaimed by you and us.

        C.     You represent and warrant to us, as an inducement to our entering into this License
relationship, that you have made no misrepresentations or material omissions in any license
application or otherwise in obtaining the License. You understand and acknowledge that we have
offered Licenses in the past, may currently be offering Licenses and/or may offer Licenses in the
future, on economic and/or other terms, conditions and provisions which may significantly differ
from those offered under this Agreement and any related documents and may be more favorable
than the terms provided herein. We may, from time to time, deal with our Licensees on differing
economic and/or other terms (including making special arrangements for payments of amounts
due, waiving defaults and/or otherwise) to suit individual business circumstances, in each case in
our sole and absolute discretion and without being required to offer similar terms to other
Licensees, such flexibility being a practical necessity to respond to distinct business situations.

        D.     You and we acknowledge and agree that the officers, directors, managers,
employees, and agents of the parties to this Agreement act only in a representative capacity and
not in an individual capacity and shall not be individually bound by the terms of this Agreement,
except as may be provided in any personal guaranty or other agreement executed independently
of this Agreement.

        E.    You and we further acknowledge that there is not a fiduciary relationship between
you and us or between you and any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities. You and we acknowledge
that you are an independent contractor. Neither party shall hold itself out as a partner, joint-
venturer, agent, employee, or legal representative of the other. Neither party is authorized to make
any agreement, warranty, covenant, or other representation, nor to create any obligation, express
or implied, on behalf of the other party nor represent any right or power to do so.

    F.     YOU REPRESENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU RECEIVED OUR
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AT LEAST FOURTEEN (14) DAYS BEFORE THE
DATE ON WHICH THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL OTHER RELATED AGREEMENTS WERE
EXECUTED, OR ANY CONSIDERATION WAS PAID (WHICHEVER HAPPENED FIRST).



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Maryland Addendum
