         A.     by, at or in connection with any Panda Express Restaurant operated by you
including beverage sales, whether they are (i) part of a Panda Express combination plate offering,
or (ii) being purchased through a Panda Express register and sold under Panda Express Marks
or Trade Dress;

        B.     from sales of Panda Express Products in contravention of this Agreement at
locations outside a Restaurant;

       C.      from proceeds of any business interruption insurance, less the deductible amount;

       D.       from mail, fax, and telephone orders and/or any orders received through other
electronic or other means and filled on or from a Restaurant;

       E.      from all deposits not refunded to purchasers;

       F.      from orders sold under Panda Express Marks or Trade Dress though filled outside
               a Restaurant;

       G.      in connection with any Similar Business operated in violation of this Agreement.

All sales and/or billings, whether collected or not, will be included in Gross Sales, with no
deduction for credit card or other charges. Gross Sales does not include sales tax collected and
paid when due to the appropriate taxing authority and actual customer refunds, adjustments,
credits and employee discounts actually given.

4.    Panda Express Restaurants located in geographical areas with multiple operating Panda
Express Restaurants and stronger brand recognition tend to outperform Panda Express
Restaurants located in less developed areas.

5.      Panda Express Restaurants for which results are reported here have limited geographic
diversity, with captive venue Panda Express Restaurants being located in 38 states Climate, local
demographics, cultural and other differences in geographical areas can significantly affect results.

        A new Licensee’s results may be materially different from those described here due to
factors such as operating experience.

        The financial performance figures shown do not reflect costs of sales, operating expenses
or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures
to obtain your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs
and expenses you will incur in operating your Licensed Business. Franchisees or former
franchisees listed in the disclosure document may be one source of this information. A list of
current licensees in the U.S. is attached as Exhibit G to this Disclosure Document. We
recommend that you talk to professional advisors along with other persons in this industry and
industry associations to collect information and to compare their experiences with the information
that we provide.

       Other than the preceding financial performance representations, Citadel Panda Express,
Inc. does not make any financial performance representations. We also do not authorize our
employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you
are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                               72
