                                                                                                    00000041.0
party also shall be responsible for the prevailing party’s cost and expenses incurred in connection with the
arbitration, including Attorneys’ Fees and costs.

          H.       Preliminary Relief and Undisputed Debts. Either party shall be entitled to seek preliminary
or interim injunctive or provisional relief by a court or by arbitration (including, but not limited to, a temporary
restraining order and preliminary injunction, all without bond) without showing or proving any actual damage,
until such time as a final and binding determination is made by the arbitrator. The foregoing equitable remedies
shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, all other remedies or rights which the parties might otherwise have by
virtue of any breach of this Agreement by the other party. Either party shall be entitled to pursue an action for
collection of moneys owed in either a court or arbitration proceeding when the right to payment is not in
dispute.

         I.      Intention to Arbitrate. You and we expressly agree that, notwithstanding any contrary
provisions of state, province, or other law, and/or any statements in any disclosure document required by
a state/province as a condition to franchise registration or for some other purpose:

                  1)      all issues relating to arbitration and/or the enforcement of arbitration-related
provisions will be decided by the arbitrator and governed only by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1
et seq.) and the federal common law of arbitration;

                 2)      all provisions of this Agreement shall be fully enforced, including but not limited to
those provisions relating to arbitration, venue, and choice of law;

                  3)     you and we intend to rely upon federal preemption under the Federal Arbitration
Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) and, as a result, the provisions of this Agreement will be enforced only according
to their terms.

          19.2   Venue.

         Without in any way limiting or otherwise affecting your and our obligations under Section 19.1,
above, you and we agree that any litigation will be held in the United States District Court encompassing
our then-current headquarters, which are currently located in Rosemead, CA (the “Proper Federal Court”);
provided, that if any court determines that this provision is unenforceable for any reason, such action shall
be brought in the United States District Court encompassing your principal place of business. Proceedings
will be held only in the Proper Federal Court, subject to the following exceptions:

         A.     if a basis for federal jurisdiction does not exist, then any such proceeding shall be brought
exclusively before a court in the most immediate state judicial district encompassing our then-current
headquarters, which are currently located in Rosemead, CA, and having subject matter jurisdiction (the
“Proper State Court”), provided that if any court determines that this provision is unenforceable for any
reason, such action shall be brought in the state judicial district in which your principal place of business is
located;

         B.      proceedings to remove or transfer a matter to the Proper Federal Court and/or to compel
arbitration as contemplated by this Agreement may be brought in the court where the applicable action is
pending and/or the Proper State or Federal Court; and

        C.      any action primarily with respect to any real property (including any action in unlawful
detainer, ejectment or otherwise) may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction and/or the Proper
State or Federal Court.


                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                 Page 45
