the Fiscal Year and the balance of the Member’s Capital Account at the end of the Fiscal Year and the manner of its
calculation, and (ii) a copy of Schedule K-I to Internal Revenue Service Form 1065 (or any successor form),
indicating the Member’s share of the Company’s income, loss, gain, expense, and other items relevant for Federal
income tax purposes.

          9.3       Financial and Other Information. The Manager(s) will provide such financial and other
information relating to the Company or any other person in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, an
equity interest, as a Member may reasonably request. The Manager(s) will distribute to the Members, promptly
after the preparation or receipt thereof by the Manager(s), any financial or other information relating to any person
in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, an equity interest, including any filings by the person under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that is received by the Company with respect to any equity interest of
the Company in the person.

           9.4     Filings. The Manager(s), at Company expense, will cause the Company’s income tax returns to
be prepared and timely filed with the appropriate authorities. The Manager(s), at Company expense, will cause to be
prepared and timely filed, with appropriate federal and state bodies, amendments to or restatements of the Articles
and all reports required to be filed by the Company with those entities under the Act or other applicable laws, rules,
and regulations. If the Manager(s) are required by the Act to execute or file any document fails, after demand, to do
so within a reasonable period of time or refuses to do so, any other Manager or Member may prepare, execute and
file that document with the appropriate authorities.

         9.5      Bank Accounts. The Manager(s) will maintain the Company’s funds in one or more separate
bank accounts in the Company’s name, and will not permit its funds to be commingled in any fashion with the funds
of any other person.

          9.6     Accounting Decisions; Reliance on Others. All decisions as to accounting matters, except as
otherwise specifically set forth herein, will be made by the Manager(s). The Manager(s) may rely on the advice of
the Company’s accountants as to whether such decisions are in accordance with accounting methods followed for
federal income tax purposes.

         9.7       Tax Matters. The Manager(s) will from time to time cause the Company to make such tax
elections as the Manager(s) deem to be in the Company’s and Members’ best interests. The Tax Matters Partner, as
defined in IRC § 6231, will represent the Company (at its expense) in connection with all examinations of its affairs
by tax authorities, including resulting judicial and administrative proceedings, and will expend Company funds for
professional services and costs associated therewith. The Tax Matters Partner will oversee Company tax affairs in
the Company’s overall best interests. If for any reason the Tax Matters Partner can no longer serve in that capacity
or ceases to be a Member or Manager, as the case may be, Members holding a Majority Interest may designate
another Member to be the Tax Matters Partner.

                                                  Article 10
                                         DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP

          10.1 Dissolution. The Company will be dissolved, its assets will be disposed of, and its affairs wound
up on the first to occur of the following: (a) upon the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under § 428-801 of the
Act; (b) the vote of the Members holding at least 75% of the voting interests; (c) the termination or natural
expiration of all Contracts held by the Company; or (d) the sale of all or substantially all the Company’s assets,
unless the Members holding a Majority Interest elect to continue the business of the Company.

          10.2 Winding Up. On occurrence of any event specified in Section 10.1, the Company will continue
solely for the purpose of winding up its affairs in an orderly manner, liquidating its assets, and satisfying the claims
of its creditors, all in accordance with Act §§ 428-803 et seq. The Members that have not wrongfully dissociated
from the Company will be responsible for overseeing the Company’s winding up and liquidation, will take full
account of its liabilities and assets, will either cause its assets to be sold or distributed, and if sold as promptly as is
consistent with obtaining the fair market value thereof, will cause the proceeds of the sale, to the extent sufficient, to



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
