                                                                                                  00000041.0
"Service Associate" - A person responsible for tasks in the front of the Restaurant, such as serving the
guest, tending to any of the guest needs in and around the Restaurant, and charging the guests for their
food purchase during all hours of operation.

“Services” and “Products” - Goods, menu items, products and services we designate from time to time
for use, sale or distribution at or from your Restaurant(s).

“Shift Lead” - Shift Leads are responsible for assisting Store Manager and/or Assistant Manager by
supervising and training all FOH Staff on food quality, portion control, proper cash handling, cleaning of all
dining room areas, and salesmanship. They maintain quality of food on the serving line as well as efficiency
of Counter Help, tight cash controls, and cleanliness of all dining areas.

“Similar Business” - Any wholesale, retail or other business or enterprise involved in the food service
industry offering, marketing, selling or otherwise providing Asian-style food items (including without limitation,
Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Korean-style food items), including any enterprise and/or entity awarding
franchises or licenses to operate or be involved with any such business.

“Site Search Implementation Date” – As defined in Section 2.1.

“Store Maintenance Activities” – As defined in Section 10.1.

“Store Manager” - A person who is exclusively designated to manage a Panda Express Restaurant and
is responsible for the overall performance of a Panda Express Restaurant, including, without limitation, the
following: guest experience, food quality, safety and security, planning and control, business growth and
cost control.

“System” - The distinctive format and method of doing business developed and used for the operation of
a Panda Express Restaurant as specified in the Manual or as otherwise directed by us, including, but not
limited to, Restaurant design; other Trade Dress features; Designated Equipment, fixtures, and apparel
specifications; specified Product offerings, recipes and preparation methods; standard operating and
administrative procedures; and management and technical training programs and Intellectual Property, all
as may be changed by us at any time in our sole and absolute discretion as specified in the Manual or as
otherwise directed by us.

“System Standard(s)” - Standards, specifications, operating procedures and rules prescribed by us in our
sole and absolute discretion from time to time, in the Manuals or elsewhere, for the operation, marketing
and other aspects of Panda Express Restaurants. System standards do not, and are not intended to, control
the day to day operations of your business, but are established to protect the good will associated with the
Marks and the quality and consistency of the Restaurants’ Products and Services. Neither System
Standards nor the Manuals shall mandate personnel policies or procedures for you to implement in your
Licensed Business, including those related to hiring, firing, discipline, wages, scheduling and other terms
and conditions of employment relating to your employees and contractors.

“Terminate,” “Terminated” or “Termination” - “Terminate” or “Terminated” or “Termination” when used
in this Agreement means the Termination or cancellation of certain rights and obligations under this
Agreement for any reason before the initial term expires. All of our respective rights are not cancelled on
Termination since certain obligations survive the ending of the Agreement in any manner, such as, but not
limited to certain promises regarding confidentiality and indemnity. Both of us are bound by the dispute
resolution provisions (Section 19) this Agreement, even after the Agreement is ended for any reason.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                               Page 57
