                                                                                              00000041.0
obligation to comply with the Manuals the reference is limited in its application to the mandatory provisions
of the Manuals.

“Marks” - The trademarks, service marks and other commercial symbols, as fully described in Exhibit 23.1,
which as of the Effective Date of this Agreement identify the services and/or products offered by Panda
Express Restaurants, including (but not limited to) “Panda Express” and other logos and identifiers. We
have an unrestricted right to modify Exhibit 23.1 as provided in Section 6.4 of this Agreement, without
requiring your consent or amending this Agreement.

“Minimum Royalty” – As defined in Section 9.2.

“Non-Compliance Fees” – $250 for each deviation from a contractual requirement under this Agreement,
including any System Standards, identified in writing by us, provided that Non-Compliance Fee will double
to $500 if we discover that the same (or a substantially similar) deviation on one or more consecutive,
subsequent visits to or inspections of the Restaurant and will double against to $1,000 for the second and
each subsequent repeat deviation. (The Non-Compliance Fee does not apply to payment defaults for which
we may charge interest).

“Operations Training Leader” - Operations Training Leaders are responsible for serving as successful
Store Managers while also training Assistant Managers In Training and Store Managers In Training. They
manage one or more successful stores while keeping the pipeline of future quality store managers filled.

“Panda Express Restaurant” - A restaurant offering and selling Panda Express Products and Services
on a retail basis and using the Marks and Panda Express System.

“Panda Uniform” – The distinctive attire worn during the operation of a Panda Express Restaurant as
specified in the Manual or as otherwise directed by us.

“Permitted Closing” – As defined in Section 9.2.

“Post Termination Provisions” - Those promises contained in this Agreement that survive its expiration,
Transfer, or, Termination for any reason, including without limitation the confidentiality, indemnification,
Intellectual Property protection and dispute resolution and other provisions contained in Sections 19, 20
and 22.

“Prep Cook” - A person responsible for cooking fried rice and chow mein, preparing steamed rice,
marinating meat, washing and cutting the vegetables, preparing sauces and condiments, and maintaining
cleanliness of the utensils and kitchen.

“Products” and “Services” - Goods, menu items, products and services designated by us from time to
time for use, sale or distribution from your Restaurant(s).

“Restaurant” – Your specific Panda Express Restaurant(s) licensed under this Agreement and offering
and selling Panda Express Products and Services on a retail basis and using the Marks and Panda Express
System within the Facility.

“Royalty” or “Royalties” –. Ongoing fees payable by you to us as provided in Section 9.2.

“Royalty Period” – As defined in Section 9.2.




                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                           Page 56
