       We claim copyright in our Manuals, construction plans, advertisements, promotional
materials and other materials. There currently are no effective determinations of the U.S.
Copyright Office, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any court regarding any of our
materials. There are no agreements in effect which significantly limit our right to use or license
copyrighted materials. Finally, there are no infringing uses actually known to us that could
materially affect your use of our copyrighted materials in any state.

         In general, our proprietary information includes Confidential Information (as defined in the
License Agreement), some of which is contained in our Manual. Our Confidential Information
includes: i) manuals, training, techniques, processes, policies, procedures, systems, data,
equipment designs and specifications, and know-how regarding the development, marketing,
operation and licensing of Panda Express Restaurants, and negotiations regarding the
Agreement; ii) our designs, recipes and specifications, and information about Products and
Services; and iii) all information regarding the System, costing, potential locations, statistics,
pricing, profits, financial data and lists, and other operating data. We disclose to you Confidential
Information and trade secrets (including proprietary recipes) for the operation of a Panda Express
Restaurant. You may learn additional information during the term of your license. We and our
Affiliates have all rights to the Confidential Information. Your only interest in the Confidential
Information is the right to use it under the License Agreement.

        You cannot disclose any Confidential Information or trade secrets. You cannot reproduce
or exhibit any portion of the Manuals or other materials to any person other than your employees,
subject to the limitations described below.

       You must notify each of your employees or other representatives of their obligations with
respect to your confidentiality obligations. You must have each of them sign an approved form of
agreement containing substantially the same protections as described in this Item 14. You also
must deliver to us copies on request. If you believe that an employee or other representative of
yours has violated the confidentiality requirements, you must notify us immediately and cooperate
with us if we bring a claim. You must indemnify, defend and hold us harmless for our costs of
enforcement against your employee.

      We can require that anyone who has access to our Confidential Information or Trade
Secrets sign our confidentiality agreement as a condition to receiving our training.

       You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, your use
of any of our Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. We can choose to take whatever action
we think is appropriate. We have the right to control any action about a claim to any of our Trade
Secrets or Confidential Information, including the right to direct any settlement of the claims.

      On termination or expiration of the License Agreement, you must immediately return to us
your Manuals and all other materials containing our Confidential Information and Trade Secrets.

ITEM 15.       OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
               FRANCHISED BUSINESS

      You must meet the minimum staff training and certification requirements for each
Restaurant. We recommend you have on payroll at all times at least the minimum number of


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                48
