                     How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document

   Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on
   how to find more information:
   QUESTION                             WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION
   How much can I earn?                 Item 19 may give you information about
                                        outlet sales, costs, profits or losses.
                                        You should also try to obtain this
                                        information from others, like current
                                        and former franchisees. You can find
                                        their names and contact information in
                                        Item 20 or Exhibit G.
   How much will I need to invest?      Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be
                                        paying to the franchisor or at the
                                        franchisor’s direction. Item 7 lists the
                                        estimated initial investment to open.
                                        Item 8 describes the suppliers you
                                        must use.
   Does the franchisor have the         Item 21 or Exhibit B includes financial
   financial ability to provide support statements. Review these statements
   to my business?                      carefully.
   Is the franchise system stable,      Item 20 summarizes the recent history
   growing, or shrinking?               of the number of company-owned and
                                        franchised outlets.
   Will my business be the only Panda Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in
   Express® restaurant in my area?      the franchise agreement describe
                                        whether the franchisor and other
                                        franchisees can compete with you.
   Does the franchisor have a troubled Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the
   legal history?                       franchisor or its management have
                                        been involved in material litigation or
                                        bankruptcy proceedings.
   What’s it like to be a Panda         Item 20 or Exhibit G lists current and
   Express franchisee?
             ®
                                        former franchisees. You can contact
                                        them to ask about their experiences.
   What else should I know?             These questions are only a few things
                                        you should look for. Review all 23
                                        Items and all Exhibits in the disclosure
                                        document to better understand this
                                        franchise opportunity. See the table of
                                        contents.
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                   ii
