         1.16     “Economic Interest Owner” means the owner of an Economic Interest who is not a Member.

        1.17 The “Fiscal Year” of the Company is a 52/53 week year (divided into 13 periods, generally of 4
weeks each), ending on the last Saturday in December of each year.

         1.18     “Former Member” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 8.1.

         1.19     “Former Member’s Interest” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 8.1.

         1.20     “Gross Asset Value” of an asset means the asset’s fair market value.

         1.21 “IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the provisions of any succeeding
law, and to the extent applicable, the Regulations.

        1.22 “Majority Interest” means one or more Class A Members whose Percentage Interests of Class A
Membership Interests, taken together, exceed 50% of the aggregate of all Percentage Interests of Members holding
Class A Membership Interests.

         1.23     “Manager(s)” means the person or persons appointed as the Company’s manager(s) from time-to-
time.

         1.24 “Member” means each person who (a) is an initial signatory to this Agreement, has been admitted
to the Company as a Member in accordance with this Agreement, or is an assignee who has become a Member in
accordance with Article 7; and (b) has not been expelled or been the subject of a Triggering Event resulting in the
purchase and sale of the person’s Membership Interest.

        1.25 “Member Nonrecourse Debt” has the meaning ascribed to the term “partner nonrecourse debt” in
Regulations § 1.704-2(b)(4).

        1.26 “Member Nonrecourse Deductions” has the same meaning as the term “partner nonrecourse
deductions” in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(i)(1) and (2).

         1.27 “Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain” means an amount, with respect to each Member
Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company Minimum Gain that would result if the Member Nonrecourse Debt were
treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with Section 1.7042(i)(3) of the Regulations.

         1.28 “Membership Interest” means a Member’s entire interest in the Company including the Member’s
Economic Interest, the right to vote on or participate in the Company’s management, and the right to receive
information concerning the Company’s business and affairs.

         1.29 “Net Profits” and “Net Losses” mean the Company’s income, gain, loss, deductions, and credits in
the aggregate or separately stated, as appropriate, determined in accordance with consistently applied accounting
principles applied at the close of each fiscal year on the Company’s information tax return filed for federal income
tax purposes.

         1.30     “Nonrecourse Liability” has the meaning set forth in Regulations § 1.752-1(a)(2).

          1.31 “Percentage Interest” means the percentage calculated by taking the total number of all classes of
Units of Interest of a Member set forth opposite the name of the Member under the heading “Number of Units of
Interest” in Exhibit A and dividing that number by the total number of Units of Interest held by all Members, as that
percentage may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Agreement.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
