                                                                                                00000041.0
            19.8    Construction.

        A.          Section headings are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or construe such
provisions.

            B.      This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an
original.

        C.      The phrases “sole and absolute discretion” and/or “sole discretion” as used in this
Agreement mean an unrestricted right to make decisions and/or take, or refrain from taking, actions,
notwithstanding a potential negative and/or financial impact on Licensee or another person/entity.

            19.9    Severability; Substitution of Valid Provisions.

          Each provision of this Agreement, and any portion of any provision, is severable. Each party
reserves the right to challenge any law, rule or judicial or other construction which would have the effect of
varying or rendering ineffective any provision of this Agreement. To the extent that any provision of this
Agreement, or any specification, standard or operating procedure we prescribe, is invalid or unenforceable,
you and we agree that such provisions will be modified or enforced to the fullest extent permissible under,
and to be compliant with, governing law. This Agreement will be deemed automatically modified to comply
with governing law if such law requires: i) a greater time period for notice of the Termination of this
Agreement, or a Termination or refusal to renew an Operating Term; or ii) the taking of some other action
not described in this Agreement. Such modifications to this Agreement shall be effective only in such
jurisdiction. You and we agree that the unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement will not affect
the remainder of this Agreement.

            19.10   Waivers; Cumulative Rights; Limitation on Licensee.

          Subject to the provisions of Section 19.4, no waiver by either party of any breach, default or
unfulfilled condition under this or any other agreement between the parties shall be deemed a waiver of
any subsequent or other breach, default or unfulfilled condition. No waiver shall be effective unless in writing
and signed by an authorized representative of the signing party. The rights and remedies provided in this
Agreement are cumulative, provided that in no event shall Licensee have as a remedy the right to withhold
any payment due to us under this Agreement. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no party
will be prohibited from exercising any rights or remedies provided under this Agreement or permitted under
law or equity.

            19.11   Choice of Laws.

Except with respect to the applicability of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., and the effect of
federal pre-emption of state law by such Act and except to the extent governed by the United States
Trademark Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051 et seq., and other federal laws and as otherwise expressly provided in
this Agreement, this Agreement and all other matters between you and us shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws,
excepting however i) the provisions of Section 8.2 shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State where the breach of said Section occurs, and ii) the California Franchise Investment Law,
the California Franchise Relations Act and the provisions of any other California statute or law regarding
licenses or franchises will not apply unless jurisdictional, definitional and other requirements of such statute
or law are met independently of this Section, without giving effect to any conflict of laws.




                                    Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 47
