                                                                                              00000041.0
without obtaining our prior written consent and complying with any System standards and/or specifications
established from time to time in connection therewith, whether in the Manuals or otherwise.

12.       RESTAURANT RECORDS, REPORTING AND ANNUAL REVIEW.

          12.1   Accounting and Records.

        A.       You agree to establish and maintain record keeping and accounting systems, and to furnish
us reports and provide us financial, accounting and/or other records related to the operation of your
Restaurants, including bank statements, cash register tapes and general ledger sales reports as may be
required by us to verify Gross Volume. You further agree to preserve such records for five (5) years from
the dates of their preparation and for such additional time period as required by law, all as specified by us
in the Manuals or other written instruction, or as reasonably requested by us. Duplicate copies of all
electronic records will be kept on a computer system that will be available in the event the primary records
are erased or otherwise destroyed.

         B.       You must record all sales on computer-based cash registers which are fully compatible
with our computer system and which include an information interface capability to communicate
electronically with our computer system. At your expense, if directed by us, you shall purchase, install, and
use any point-of-sale hardware, software, and electronic connection designated by us for the operation of
each Restaurant, and shall update, upgrade, and maintain that system as directed by us. If we designated
or authorized a specific point-of-sale system, then you must ensure that we have continuous access to that
system and the data contained therein, and we are authorized to view or retrieve data from that system at
any time. You agree to provide such assistance as may be required to connect your point-of-sale system
with our computer system, and you shall submit any data or reports from the system as requested by us.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are not required to use our designated point-of -sale system for any sales
that are outside of and unrelated to a Panda Express Restaurant, and we shall not have the right to view
or retrieve data related to such other sales.

         C.         In view of the contemplated interconnection of computer systems and point-of-sale system
and the necessity that such systems be compatible with each other, you agree that you will comply strictly
with our System Standards, including any computer network architecture specifications we may require, for
all items associated with your computer systems. To ensure full operational efficiency and optimum
communication capability among computer systems, you agree, at your expense, to keep your computer
systems in good maintenance and repair, and to promptly install such additions, changes, modifications,
substitutions or replacements to hardware, software, telephone and power lines, and other computer-
related facilities.

          12.2   Reports and Financial Statements.

         A.      You agree to transmit sales report directly from the point-of-sale system to our system and
provide us reports for each Royalty Period regarding the sales and operation of each of your Restaurants
in a format specified by us including in digital medium or authorized by us in writing. Such reports may
include, but are not limited to, Gross Volume information, transaction reports, cash register records/data,
general ledger sales reports, inventory, and sales tax returns. Sales and operations reports for each Royalty
Period are due within four (4) days after the closing of the preceding Royalty Period. Additionally, Licensee
shall submit each quarter a financial statement prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (“GAAP”) for the preceding quarter within fifteen (15) days of the end of such preceding quarter.
You agree to report unaudited sales in our Sales Royalty Portal at https://pandarg.service-now.com/srp
once a Royalty Period on the dates specified by us.


                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                           Page 28
