    FEE1                      AMOUNT                 WHEN PAYABLE                        REMARKS
                  the required eight month notice
                  period).
Quarterly         $300-$1,000 per year.             As incurred         You must purchase approved campaign
Promotional                                                             materials from our marketing department.
and
Marketing
Campaign
Materials

    NOTES:

             All fees are non-refundable and payable to Citadel Panda Express, Inc., unless otherwise
              1

    noted. You are not required to pay us or any affiliate of ours any other fees or any fees that we
    or an affiliate collect for a third party in connection with your franchise. We reserve the right to
    waive or prorate any fees.

            Amounts due to us are payable by wire transfer, ACH (Automated Clearing House), or
    another method or in another manner as stated in the Manuals. Payments must be received by
    us or credited to our account, as applicable, by end of business on the date due. We can apply
    any payments owed by you to any debt of yours that we choose. We also can set off any amounts
    we owe to you against any amount you owe to us or our Affiliates. We can keep amounts received
    on your account for debts you owe us. We may elect to waive and/or credit, reduce or defer
    payment of any and all fees and charges of any kind related to a license and/or licensee on a
    case-by-case basis as we consider appropriate and as permitted by law. We may negotiate
    different fee amounts and other terms with you as we consider appropriate. You should
    understand that other licensees and other Panda Express Restaurants may operate under more
    favorable fee and Proprietary Product markup terms than you will have.

             This amount is current as of the date of this Disclosure Document. We can opt to adjust
              2

    it once a year in proportion to the changes in the Consumer Price Index (U.S. Average, all items),
    maintained by the U.S. Department of Labor (or any successor index) as compared to the
    previous year. We will notify you of any percentage adjustment we make in any year.

              “Gross Volume” includes the amount of sales of all products and services sold in, on,
              3

    about or from your Restaurant, whether for cash or on a charge, credit or time basis, without
    reserve or deduction for inability to collect, including, but not limited to all charges and/or revenues
    that are received or earned by you and/or your Affiliate:

           A.     by, at or in connection with any Restaurant operated by you including beverage
    sales, whether they are (i) a part of a Panda Express combination plate, or (ii) being purchased
    through a Panda Express register and sold under Panda Express Marks or Trade Dress;

            B.     from sales of Panda Express products in violation of the License Agreement at
    locations outside a Restaurant;

           C.     from proceeds of any business interruption insurance, less the actually paid
    deductible amount;



    Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                       14
