       SECTION 4. Miscellaneous.

        (a)     Any notice required by the provisions of this Note shall be given in writing and
shall be personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested to the Holder or the Company, as the case may be, at its address set forth on the
signature page hereof. All notices sent in accordance with this section shall be deemed received
on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in
the mail.

        (b)      In no event shall the interest rate or rates payable under this Note exceed the
highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final
determination, deem applicable. The Company by its issuance hereof and the Holder by its
acceptance hereof intend to legally agree upon the rate of interest and manner of payments stated
herein; provided, however, that, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if
said rate or rates of interest or manner of payment exceeds the maximum rate allowable under
applicable law, then, ipso facto as of the date of this Note, the Company is and shall be liable
only for the payment of such maximum amount as allowed by law, and payment received from
the Company in excess of such legal maximum, whenever received, shall be applied to reduce
the principal balance of this Note to the extent of such excess.

        (c)     The Company and any endorsers of this Note hereby consent to renewals and
extensions of time at or after the maturity hereof, without notice, and hereby waive diligence,
presentment, protest, demand, and notice of every kind and, to the full extent permitted by law,
the right to plead any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand hereunder.

        (d)     The Company agrees to pay to the Holder any and all costs and expenses,
including attorneys' fees and expenses, that the Holder may incur in connection with (a) the
collection of all sums payable hereunder or (b) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights,
powers or remedies of the Holder under this Note or applicable law (including in connection
with any bankruptcy proceeding or workout). Any such amounts shall be payable on demand,
with interest at the rate provided above for overdue principal and interest.

        (e)     No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or
remedy under this Note shall impair such power, fight or remedy or shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude other
or further exercise of such or any other power, fight or remedy. No amendment of any provision
of this Note (including a waiver thereof or consent relating thereto) shall be effective unless the
same shall be in writing and signed or consented to by the Holder.

       (f)     This Note is intended by the Company as a final expression of its agreement
regarding the subject matter hereof and contains a complete and exclusive statement of the terms
and conditions of such agreement.

     (g)  THE VALIDITY OF THIS NOTE, THE CONSTRUCTION,
INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE
COMPANY AND THE HOLDER WITH RESPECT TO MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER
OR RELATED HERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND
Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Promissory Note
