and paper goods to Affiliate-owned Panda Express Restaurants and, if geographically feasible,
to our licensees. You are not required to use the services of these suppliers for non-proprietary
items.

        As of the effective date of this Disclosure Document, we will charge you a surcharge of
10% on sales of Proprietary Products for your Restaurants in casinos, universities, military bases,
airports and other captive venues. Some licensees operating as of the date of this Disclosure
Document will not pay a surcharge or will pay a surcharge in a different amount. We’ve negotiated
with some licensees in the past and have sometimes adjusted or eliminated the surcharge for
them on a case-by-case basis, as we considered appropriate, and may do so in the future. We
also may negotiate in the future with different suppliers or for different surcharge amounts. You
must sign a consent form authorizing suppliers to release to us information about your purchases
of products or services for your Restaurant when you sign the Agreement. We do not currently
have any purchasing or distribution cooperatives.

        During our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024, our total revenue was $28,262,859, , of
which $22,332,786 was considered our total domestic revenue. Our revenue related to all
licensee purchases or leases of required products and services was $2,378,044, and is included
in the preceding total domestic revenue figure. The $2,378,044 (10.65% % of our total domestic
revenue) represents the surcharges received by us in connection with licensee purchases of
required products, as noted in the preceding paragraphs.

         We also received approximately $716,516 from U.S. licensees for quarterly promotional
materials as well as “pass through” licensee supply purchases and payroll expenses. The
$716,516 is not included as revenue for purposes of our audited statements, which are prepared
according to GAAP. These revenues just cover our actual reimbursements, costs, and shipping
expenses, as applicable, and we do not make a profit on them. During the same fiscal year, our
Affiliate, PRG, received a rebate in the amount of $612,286 from a soda beverage supplier, 100%
of which was then paid in 2025 directly to the licensees that made the soda purchases. Our
Affiliates retained no revenue from sales or leases of required products and services during 2024.

        We do not provide you with any material benefit (such as renewals or additional licenses)
if you use our recommended or approved suppliers. However, the continuation of the License
Agreement depends on your compliance with product and supplier requirements, as well as other
terms of the Agreement.

       We estimate that substantially all expenditures for products and services used in operating
a Restaurant will be for goods and services that must meet our standards or specifications and
be obtained from designated suppliers. We estimate that your costs for purchasing goods and
services that must meet our standards or specifications and be obtained from designated
suppliers will represent at least 85% to 90% of your total purchases in the establishment and
operation of your Restaurant.

         If any Affiliate of ours sells its existing Panda Express Restaurant to a licensee the Affiliate
will receive revenues from the sale as provided in the purchase agreement signed between the
Affiliate and the buyer. The buyer will also sign a License Agreement as a condition to the
purchase.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                    23
