until written notice thereof is given to ___. Any such notice shall be effective as of noon the next
day after ___ shall receive any such notice. No such notice shall release Guarantor from any
liability as to any indebtedness (or commitment therefor by ___) existing when any such notice
is received, and all renewals and extensions thereof.
Section 2.03 Nature of Guaranty. The liability of Guarantor hereunder is independent of the
obligation of the Company and a separate action or separate actions may be brought and
prosecuted against Guarantor whether or not any action is brought or prosecuted against the
Company or whether the Company is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of
Guarantor hereunder is independent of and not in consideration of or contingent upon the
liability of any other person under any similar instrument and the release of, or cancellation by,
any signer of a similar instrument shall not act to release or otherwise affect the liability of
Guarantor hereunder. Guarantor waives the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its
liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof, including, without limitation, all rights and
benefits, if any, arising under Section 359.5 of the California Code of Civil Procedure. Any
payment by the Company or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations
applicable to the Company shall also operate to toll the statute of limitations applicable to
Guarantor.
Section 2.04 Authorization. Guarantor authorizes ___, whether before or after revocation or any
purported revocation, and without notice or demand and without affecting its liability hereunder,
from time to time to:
(i)    create new indebtedness or renew, compromise, extend, increase, accelerate and
otherwise change the time for payment of, or otherwise change the terms of, the indebtedness, or
any part thereof, including increasing or decreasing the rate of interest thereon;
(ii)    take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty or the indebtedness, perfect such
security or refrain from perfecting such security, whether or not such security is required as a
condition to the making of the Loan, and exchange, enforce, waive or release (whether
intentionally or unintentionally) any such security or any part thereof, purchase such security at a
public or private sale, and apply any such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof
as ___ in its discretion may determine; and
(iii) settle, release, compromise with, or substitute any one or more endorsers, guarantors
and/or other obligors of this Guaranty or the indebtedness.
Section 2.05 Waivers. (a) Guarantor waives the right to require ___ to proceed against the
Company or any other person liable on the indebtedness, to proceed against or exhaust any
security held from the Company or any other person, or to pursue any other remedy in ___'s
power whatsoever and Guarantor waives the right to have the property of the Company first
applied to the discharge of the indebtedness. ___ may, at its election, exercise any right or
remedy ___ may have against the Company or any security held by ___, including, without
limitation, the right to foreclose upon any such security by one or more judicial or nonjudicial
sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, without affecting
or impairing in any way the liability of Guarantor hereunder, except to the extent the
indebtedness has been paid, and Guarantor waives any defense arising out of the absence,
impairment or loss of any right of reimbursement, contribution or subrogation or any other right
or remedy of Guarantor against the Company or any such security, whether resulting from such

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Continuing Guarantee
