complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute resolution procedures or the optional
procedures for large, complex commercial disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the
“Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and
procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration
following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other
party in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a
waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any
similar applicable state law.

                (c)     No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose against real or
personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of
collateral such as setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as
replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the
pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right
or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, including
those arising from the exercise of the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this
paragraph.

                 (d)     Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in
which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000 or less will be decided by a single arbitrator
selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000.
Any dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000 shall be decided by
majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must
actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney
licensed in the State of California or a neutral retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of
California, in either case with a minimum of ten years’ experience in the substantive law
applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine
whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in
determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents
only or with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any pre-hearing motions which are similar to
motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The
arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with the substantive law of California and may
grant any remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof
and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The arbitrator shall also
have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such
other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the California Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable
law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a
provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including
the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such
action for judicial relief.

              (e)    Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted in
accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
