                                                                                                    00000041.0
        C.      You and each Affiliate of yours must have paid all amounts owed to us, to any applicable
Client and to any Licensor-Related Persons/Entities;

           D.     You must have executed for such Restaurant our then-current form of License Agreement
(or an applicable extension/renewal amendment to this Agreement, at our option) and such related
documents as are then customarily used by us, with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that such
Restaurant shall be operating under a successor term. You will not be required to pay the then-current
Initial License Fee, and we will not be required to provide you any site location, initial training or other “start-
up” services in connection with the award of any successor license;

         E.      You must have executed a General Release, except for any claims exclusively related to
the award of the successor License, for any claims which cannot be waived under local law, and for any
claims arising out of representations in any Franchise Disclosure Document we deliver to you in connection
with the award of a successor term;

       F.      You must have paid us a successor fee of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) per
renewing/extending Restaurant, subject to inflation adjustment, as provided in Section 9.6.

16.       TERMINATION AND DEFAULT.

          16.1   Termination by Mutual Agreement.

          This Agreement may be Terminated any time upon your and our mutual agreement.

          16.2   Other Terminations.

         A.       You or we may Terminate this Agreement, with not less than thirty (30) days written notice
to the other, so long as you are not operating any Restaurant pursuant to a license hereunder and we have
not previously provided written authorization for the development of a Restaurant pursuant to Section 3.1,
above.

          B.      If the license agreement between us and Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. is terminated or
expires, our rights, duties and obligations under this Agreement will, at Panda Restaurant Group Inc.’s sole
and absolute discretion, revert to and be accepted by Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. and/or its designee at
its sole election. If Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. does not elect to accept such a reversion or assignment
of our rights, duties and obligations under this Agreement, then you and we agree that this Agreement shall
be deemed to be mutually terminated concurrently with the termination/expiration of our license with Panda
Restaurant Group, Inc.

       16.3   Defaults by You; Termination of Agreement and/or the Operating Term of a
Restaurant by Us.

          Subject to Section 16.13, this Agreement and/or the Operating Term of the applicable Restaurant
will automatically Terminate upon delivery of our written notice of Termination to you without further action
by us if:

          A.     you make any material misrepresentation or omission in your application for the License;

        B.      Except as permitted in section 16.4 B, you cease to operate, surrender, or abandon your
Restaurant by failing to operate one or more of the Restaurant(s) for five (5) consecutive days during which
time you are required to operate the business, or for any shorter period after which it is not unreasonable

                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                 Page 35
