                                                                                                00000041.0
to designate exclusive suppliers for products and services we deem essential to uniform quality, Trade
Dress and image associated with the Panda Express Marks and to deny approval of alternative sources of
supply for such products and services. Suppliers designated by us as exclusive suppliers for certain
products and services associated with the development and operation of a Restaurant as of the Effective
Date of this Agreement are identified in our then current System Standards, but are subject to change by
us.

        D.       You agree to purchase only from us or our designated suppliers, and will use, offer and/or
promote, and maintain branded items in stock at the Restaurants in such quantities as are needed to meet
reasonably anticipated consumer demand, including packaging and serving materials (e.g., bags, bowls,
cups, etc.), as well as certain proprietary spice mixes, seasonings, flavorings, menu items, sauces and
marinades manufactured in accordance with Panda Express System proprietary recipes, specifications
and/or formulas (collectively, “Proprietary Products”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, we shall not be required to reveal such recipes, specifications and/or formulas for Proprietary
Products to you, non-designated suppliers, or any other third parties. Current Proprietary Products are
specified in the Manuals or otherwise in writing by us. We have the right to adjust the number and type of
Proprietary Products from time to time. You understand and agree that i) we have a right to receive a
markup on sales of Proprietary Products to licensees; and ii) we may elect to adjust and/or eliminate the
markup in connection with a particular license/Restaurant on a case-by-case basis, as we consider
appropriate and as permitted by law. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, the markup on Proprietary
Products is ten percent (10%).

        E.      Any Proprietary Products purchased from us or any of our Affiliates shall be purchased
according to the then current order, delivery and payment policies and procedures then in effect and as
may be established from time to time. If we or our Affiliates manufacture and/or sell any Products/Services
to you, we and/or our Affiliates shall be entitled to a reasonable return comparable to other suppliers in the
industry. We and our Affiliates reserve the right to change prices and terms in connection with
Products/Services we or our Affiliates sell or manufacture, and to discontinue the manufacture and/or sale
of any such Products/Services in our sole discretion.

        F.      We and our Affiliates reserve the right to derive revenues and to receive discounts,
commissions, rebates, promotional allowances and other economic benefits as a result of purchases by
licensees of Designated Products and Services from us, from an Affiliate or from any other designated
supplier. We and/or an Affiliate of ours may be party to agreements with suppliers that provide for marketing
or promotional rebates or allowances, volume discounts or other economic benefits. All rebates, discounts,
allowances or other benefits earned under these agreements as a result of your purchases of that supplier's
products or otherwise may be kept and used by us or an Affiliate of ours in our/their sole discretion.

        G.      Neither we nor our Affiliates shall be liable for any delays in shipment, receipt, delivery, or
otherwise in connection with Products and Services, including but not limited to Proprietary Products.

         H.       Licensee agrees that we and our Affiliates and each of our respective personnel and agents
will have the right to enter the Restaurant for reasonable business purposes. Licensee hereby agrees not
to interfere with or prevent such entry by Licensor or a Licensor Affiliate or by their respective personnel
and agents. Further, if the lessor or the operations manager of the Facility at which a Restaurant is
established restricts access for purposes of such inspection, product delivery or other business purpose,
you shall diligently and with best efforts attempt to obtain such third party’s consent to immediate access,
including without limitation access for approved suppliers/distributors. You are solely responsible for
ensuring the timely and efficient delivery of approved products to the Restaurant and for coordinating
arrangements of the same between the lessor or operations manager and the distributor/supplier.


                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 21
