                    CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      DECEMBER 28, 2024 AND DECEMBER 30, 2023




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Nature of Operations
         Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Citadel Aviation Investments,
         LLC (collectively, the Company) are collectively a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda
         Express, Inc. (PEI), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda Restaurant Group (PRG),
         located in Rosemead, California. The Company has entered into a license agreement with

         name, trademark, and service marks through April 11, 2031. The Company sub-licenses to

         (the Licensed Restaurants) in the United States, Mexico, Guatemala, Korea, Japan, India,
         Philippines, and certain countries in the Middle East.

         Principles of Consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements as of and for the thirteen periods ended
         December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, include the results of operations of Citadel
         Panda Express, Inc. and Citadel Aviation Investments, LLC. Citadel Aviation Investments,

         intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated through consolidation.

         Basis of Presentation
         The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared following accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).

         Revenue Recognition
         In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards
         Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), the
         Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or
         services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive
         in exchange for those goods or services.

         To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are
         within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs the following five steps:

            1) Identify the contract(s) with a customer;

            2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract;

            3) Determine the transaction price;

            4) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

            5) Recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation.




                                                  (7)
