information regarding shareholders, members, officers, directors and other key persons, as
described in Exhibit 2.1 E to the License Agreement.

ITEM 16.        RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

        You must offer and sell only for retail consumption and not for wholesale, bulk or other
unauthorized purposes, only those Products and Services expressly authorized by us and
obtained from suppliers expressly approved by us. You may not advertise, offer for sale or sell
any products or services that we have not approved. You cannot offer or sell any food items
through or under any other food service operations/restaurants you may own or manage. We
have core and regional menu items that you must offer, some of which are proprietary to us or
our Affiliates. You must offer only beverages that we specify or approve. We can add, delete
and change menu items that you may or must offer occasionally. We occasionally may choose
to permit individual Panda Express Restaurant menu variations or restrict certain menu changes
to certain types of captive venue locations, as we consider appropriate. Any changes we permit
or specify can require you to purchase additional Equipment or Products. You have the right to
set your own prices.

         You may not use your License for any purpose other than the operation of a Panda
Express Restaurant. You may not, without our prior written consent, operate your Restaurant
from any location other than the approved site. You must comply with all products and services
purchasing guidelines, specifications and procedures and remain current with suppliers. We can
condition your participation in any program, receipt of products and services from us or our
Affiliates, or receipt of any other benefits on your being in good standing.

        You and your Affiliates must not offer, sell or provide any competing Asian-style food items
(including, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Korean-style food items) at the facility in which your
Restaurant is located (other than at another licensed Panda Express Restaurant or another
concept we license to you, if any.) The facility is most likely to be a captive location like an airport,
a theme park, a supermarket, a stadium or forum, a military base, a casino, a shopping mall or a
university. You and your Affiliates also must not authorize another, or sublicense the right, to
offer, sell or provide any competing Asian-style food items at the facility in which your Restaurant
is located.

        You must perform ongoing store maintenance activities at your expense to keep your
physical Restaurant premises at a “like new” level of cosmetic appearance and in a sound, clean
and attractive condition and maintain your Restaurant assets in good repair and operating
condition, and as otherwise specified consistent with System Standards. In the 5th year of the
Operating Term for each Restaurant you will need to perform at your expense a Brand Refresh,
which will require your Restaurant to be upgraded to then current Panda Express design, trade
dress, color schemes and brand image requirements. In the 10th year of the Operating Term, in
addition to the Brand Refresh, we may condition the grant of a successor term for, or our consent
to a transfer of, any Restaurant on a complete update, which can require major remodeling,
reconstruction, and renovations. You are not required to perform improvements disapproved by
your landlord, if the activity requires landlord approval. However, you will use your best efforts to
obtain the approval. Timing requirements for accomplishing any specific facility or Restaurant
premises change or upgrade may vary with the applicable landlord’s timing restraints and with
the anticipated cost of the refurbishment activity.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                    50
