                     CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       DECEMBER 30, 2023 AND DECEMBER 31, 2022




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Nature of Operations
         Citadel Panda Express, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Citadel Aviation Investments,
         LLC (collectively, the Company) are collectively a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda
         Express, Inc. (PEI), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Panda Restaurant Group (PRG),
         located in Rosemead, California. The Company has entered into a license agreement with

         name, trademark, and service marks through December 31, 2024. The Company sub-

         restaurants (the Licensed Restaurants) in the United States, Mexico, Guatemala, Korea,
         Japan, India, Philippines, and certain countries in the Middle East.

         Principles of Consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements as of and for the thirteen periods ended
         December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, include the results of operations of Citadel
         Panda Express, Inc. and Citadel Aviation Investments, LLC. Citadel Aviation Investments,

         intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated through consolidation.

         Basis of Presentation
         The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared following accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).

         Adoption of New Accounting Standard
         As of January 1, 2023, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board
         (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13,
         Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-

         related to the recognition and measurement of credit losses on financial instruments.

         Under the new standard, the Company is required to use a forward-looking approach to
         estimate credit losses on financial instruments, including accounts receivable, loans, and

         experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the
         collectability of the reported amount.


         position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the Company did make changes to
         its allowance for credit losses methodology and related disclosures to comply with the new
         standard.


         experience, current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.




                                                (7)
