          1.4      “Bankruptcy” means: (a) the filing of an application by a Member for, or a Member’s consent to,
the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or custodian of the Member’s assets; (b) the entry of an order for relief
regarding a Member in proceedings under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended or superseded; (c) the
Member’s making of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (d) the entry of an order, judgment, or decree
by any court of competent jurisdiction appointing a trustee, receiver, or custodian of a Member’s assets unless the
proceedings and the trustee, receiver, or custodian appointed are dismissed within 90 days; and/or (e) a Member’s
failure generally to pay the Member’s debts as they become due within the meaning of § 303(h)(1) of the United
States Bankruptcy Code, as determined by the Bankruptcy Court, or the admission in writing of the Member’s
inability to pay the Member’s debts as they become due.

       1.5     “Capital Account” means the capital account that the Company establishes and maintains for a
Member pursuant to Section 3.3.

         1.6      “Capital Contribution” means the total value of cash, the fair market value of property (including
promissory notes or other obligations to contribute cash or property) contributed, and/or the fair market value of
services rendered or to be rendered to the Company by a Member.

         1.7      “Capital Transaction” means the sale, exchange, transfer and/or other disposition of the
underlying asset of a Strategic Investment resulting in cash proceeds to the Company.

         1.8      “Capital Transaction Proceeds” mean the gross receipts of the Company from any Capital
Transaction in excess of the total of (a) $2,000,000; plus (b) those payments reasonably calculated by the
Manager(s) to enable the Company to meet its financial obligations in a timely manner and after payment of all costs
and expenses of the Company as the same come due; plus (c) all amounts that the Manager(s) deem necessary to
place into reserves for customary and usual claims relating to the Company’s business.

          1.9      “Class A Membership Interests” means Membership Interests that have full voting rights. Except
for voting rights, all of the rights, preferences and privileges and the dilutability of the Class A Membership Interests
will be identical to the Class B Membership Interests.

        1.10 “Class B Membership Interests” means Membership Interests that do not have voting rights.
Except for the lack of voting rights, the rights, preferences and privileges and the dilutability of the Class B
Membership Interests will be identical to the Class A Membership Interests.

        1.11 “Company Minimum Gain” has the meaning ascribed to the term “Partnership Minimum Gain” in
the Regulations § 1.704-2(d).

      1.12 “Contracts” shall mean all contracts between the Company and ________________(LANDLORD
OR LEASING AGENCY), or similar entity with respect to the operation of a Restaurant on ________________
(DESCRIBE SITE OF LOCATION; i.e., Military Base, Airport, Stadium or University, etc.).

         1.13     “Covered Person” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.

          1.14 “Distributable Cash” means the amount of cash that the Manager(s) deem available for
distribution to the Members, taking into account all the Company’s current debts, liabilities, and obligations, and
amounts that the Manager(s) deem necessary to place into reserves for customary and usual claims relating to the
Company’s business.

         1.15 “Economic Interest” means the share of a Member (or of an Economic Interest Owner) of one or
more of the Company’s Net Profits, Net Losses, and distributions of the Company’s assets pursuant to this
Agreement and the Act, but does not include any other rights of a Member (such as the right to vote or participate in
the Company’s management, or except as provided in the Act, any right to information concerning the Company’s
business and affairs).



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
