   c) permitting Buyer to carry on business as a Panda Express Restaurant;

   d) permitting the sale of all food items commonly sold in Panda Express Restaurants as set
      forth in Schedule A-4; and

   e) changing the address for notices to Tenant to Buyer’s office address.

7. Seller will be responsible for all lease matters (including liabilities and expenses) up to and in
   respect of Closing including all taxes payable on the Store until Closing; Buyer responsibility
   for the period thereafter. Seller and Buyer will readjust for “year-end lease adjustments” on a
   pro rata basis referable to calendar year 20__ when the 20__ year-end lease adjustments are
   delivered by landlords to Buyer in 20__. Additional adjustments as may be necessary under this
   paragraph shall be made by either party to the other on demand, provided that Seller shall have
   the right to contest any adjustment item provided such contest does not negatively affect the
   status of that lease as between Landlord and Buyer (as the ongoing tenant).

8. Buyer shall make all searches, investigations and physical inspections (to be made ‘after hours’
   on reasonable notice to Seller) which a prudent buyer of the Stores would make in the ordinary
   course of a transaction of this nature; Closing of this transaction by Buyer shall preclude future
   claims by Buyer against Seller for any matter, absent active concealment, illegal or intentional
   acts, fraudulent or illegal statements, intentional misrepresentations, or fraudulent or willful act
   or omissions by Seller or any of them, provided that this inspection will not relieve Seller of its
   representations and warranties in Paragraph 1, above.

9. Seller represents and warrants that as of the date of execution of this Letter Agreement and the
   Closing, it has no knowledge or notice of any claim by any third party arising from any matter
   referable to the operation of Seller’s Restaurant or with respect to any of the assets at the
   location. Any claims or notices received by Seller prior to Closing shall be disclosed to Buyer
   and shall be responsibility of Seller. Should any claim be made by any third party within the
   ____ year period after Closing, for any matter for which Seller is responsible, Seller will be
   responsible for that portion of any such claim referable to any time prior to Closing and Buyers
   shall be responsible for that portion of any such claim in respect of the period of time after
   Closing.

10. Seller shall discharge all Store employees as of the date of Closing and take full responsibility
    for dealing with all matters referable to such employees (including assumption of any liabilities
    in connection therewith).

11. Buyer shall have the right to hire any of Seller’s Store employees as it deems advisable; to assist
    Buyer, Seller will at request of Buyer separately, if and when (i) Buyer delivers to Seller its
    irrevocable letter stating that all of Buyer’s conditions to a Closing have been satisfied and it
    will complete the Closing, (ii) Buyer is not in material default, and (iii) the Closing is to be
    completed in not less than _____ (___) Business Days, Seller will furnish to Buyer detailed
    compensation information comprising only the hourly wages, benefits and bonus for each of
    Seller’ employees that Buyer is interested in employing subsequent to each Closing, but in no
    case are Seller obligated to provide access to any records reflecting any legally privileged
    communication.
