 LICENSE AGREEMENT
      PROVISION                SECTION                              SUMMARY
                                               located (currently Los Angeles County), subject to
                                               applicable state law. Litigation in the U.S. District
                                               Court encompassing our headquarters, if possible.

w. Choice of law           Section 19.11       California law applies, but Federal Arbitration Act
                                               and other federal laws, as applicable, preempt.
                                               California franchise laws apply only if jurisdictional
                                               requirements met independently of Agreement.
                                               Noncompetition covenants construed and
                                               enforced in accordance with the laws of the State
                                               where the breach occurs. Subject to applicable
                                               state law.


NOTES:

       The License Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not
be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Section 101 et. seq.).

         The table below lists certain provisions of a sample Asset Purchase Agreement for the
sale of a Restaurant owned and operated by an Affiliate of ours. This document is intended to
be illustrative of a typical transaction, but the terms of any actual asset purchase agreement will
be determined by the buyer and seller in the transaction. You should carefully read these
provisions in the documents attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit F.

   ASSET PURCHASE
     AGREEMENT                 SECTION                              SUMMARY
      PROVISION
 a. Length of the          Not applicable      Not applicable
 franchise term

 b. Renewal or             Not applicable      Not applicable
 extension of the term

 c. Requirements           Not applicable      Not applicable
 for you to renew or
 extend

 d. Termination by         Paragraphs 5        You can terminate the Asset Purchase
 you                       and 12              Agreement, and your deposit will be returned to
                                               you if you are not assigned the lease for the
                                               premises prior to the closing date, or if our
                                               Affiliate seller commits a material default, or if
                                               there is a material adverse change affecting the
                                               lease or the operation of the store with respect to
                                               the lease.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                  58
