                                                                                               00000041.0
signed, amended Exhibit 2.1, as provided in Section 2.1 B., above. The Initial License Fee is entirely
nonrefundable.

        B.       We may elect to condition an authorization to you to operate a Restaurant under this
Agreement at a proposed second or additional Restaurant, the award of a successor Operating Term, or
our consent to a proposed transfer by you upon a General Release by you and your Affiliates against us
and Licensor-Related Persons/Entities. Our current form of General Release is attached to this Agreement
as Exhibit 23.2 and is subject to change by us.

          9.2    Royalty - Percentage and Minimum, Payment Dates.

       A.       For each Restaurant you shall pay us the greater of the minimum royalty amount (the
“Minimum Royalty”) or a specified percentage of “Gross Volume” received or earned by you at such
Restaurant during the preceding Royalty Period. The percentage of Gross Volume applicable to a specific
Restaurant shall be 8% or as otherwise established on Exhibit 2.1

The current Minimum Royalty amount is Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000) per Royalty Period and is subject
to the inflation adjustment formula described in Section 9.6, below, and prorated based on a Permitted
Closing. The foregoing notwithstanding, if all Royalty payments to us are timely and the annual cumulative
amount of such Royalty payments for a Restaurant exceed the applicable percentage of Gross Volume
earned or received at such Restaurant for any calendar year period, we will credit the excess amount
against future Royalties owed by you for such Restaurant. No Minimum Royalty shall be due for any Royalty
Period if the Restaurant is closed during such Royalty Period due to Force Majeure. The Minimum Royalty
shall be prorated if the Restaurant is only open for a portion of the Royalty Period due to approved holidays
or other required or mutually agreed upon closures, each a “Permitted Closing.”

        B.     We reserve the right to adjust the percentage Royalties and the Minimum Royalty amount
on a Restaurant basis for any proposed Restaurants. We will notify you of any change to the Royalty
percentage and/or Minimum Royalty amount stated in Section 9.2 A., above, to be applied to a particular
proposed Restaurant along with our written authorization for such proposed location, as provided in Section
3.1, above.

           C.     Royalties are to be paid by the fifteenth (15th) day after each month for all Royalty Periods
completed during such month and are non-refundable. Royalty payments are due for each Restaurant
commencing with the Royalty Period in which you begin Restaurant operations at such location. The current
Royalty Period is a four (4) week period, but we can change the Royalty Period as we find reasonably
appropriate. If we change the Royalty Period, any amounts that are paid based on or calculated in relation
to it will be appropriately adjusted, as will the due dates of any reports to be provided in connection with
such Royalty Periods.

        D.     In addition to the foregoing Royalties/Minimum Royalty amounts, we have the right to
charge you a markup on Proprietary Products, as provided in Section 10.2, below and/or in our Manuals.

          9.3    Payment/Reporting Program.

       Amounts due to us hereunder are payable by ACH, wire transfer or by such other method or in
such manner as we may specify in the Manuals, or as may be authorized by us in writing from time to time.
Payments shall be received by us or credited to our account, as applicable, by end of business on the date
due.




                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 15
