                     CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       DECEMBER 28, 2024 AND DECEMBER 30, 2023




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Revenue Recognition (Continued)
         The Company generates revenues primarily through royalties, initial service fees, and
         licensed restaurant mark-up.

         Initial service income represents a nonrefundable initial fee, which the Company recognized
         upon the store opening, when substantially all of the initial services by the Company had
         been performed. The initial services include initial development services, generic interior
         layout assistance, initial training, and provision of operating manuals. In accordance with
         Topic 606, initial services income is recognized as the Company satisfies the performance
         obligation over the franchise term on a straight-line basis, which is generally between five to
         ten years, because the services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the
         franchise license and as such are considered to represent a single performance obligation.
         The unrecognized portion of initial service fees is recorded as deferred initial service
         income.

         The Company recognizes other fees and royalties as earned when the franchises report the
         associated revenue to the Company.

         The Company currently has franchisees throughout United States of America and countries
         overseas such as Mexico, Guatemala, South Korea, Russia, and Philippines. The franchise
         arrangement is documented in the form of a franchise agreement. The franchise
         arrangement requires the Company to perform various activities to support the brand that do
         not directly transfer goods and services to the franchisee, but instead represent a single
         performance obligation, which is the transfer of the franchise license. The intellectual
         property subject to the franchise license is symbolic intellectual property as it does not have
         significant standalone functionality, and substantially all of the utility is derived from its




         license. The services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the franchise
         license and as such are considered to represent a single performance obligation. The
         transaction price in a standard franchise arrangement primarily consists of (a) initial service
         fees; (b) continuing franchise fees (Royalties); and (c) licensed restaurant mark-up fees.
         Since the Company considers the licensing of the franchising right to be a single
         performance obligation, no allocation of the transaction price is required.

         Royalties
         The Company collects royalties, as stipulated in the franchise agreement, currently based

         occur. Royalties are calculated as a percentage of sales over the term of the franchise
         agreement. The franchise agreement royalties represent sales-based royalties that are

         and are recognized as franchisee store level sales occur. Royalties are collected
         periodically.


                                                 (8)
