         PRG also owns and operates Panda Express® Restaurants in Canada, Japan and Korea,
and is a minority owner in some joint ventures that own and operate Panda Express Restaurants
in various captive venue locations in the United States, such as military bases and airports, the
first of which opened in 2010. Licensees are not required to participate in joint ventures and can
license any approved location independently, including airports and other captive venues.
Occasionally, PRG may ask a prospective licensee to form a joint venture for a particular Panda
Express Restaurant location, and the prospective licensee can accept or reject the proposal. As
a matter of current practice, PRG is not the managing member for these joint ventures. A sample
Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement with PRG is attached to this Disclosure
Document as Exhibit I. We would grant a limited liability company formed for this purpose a
Panda Express franchise.

        PRG owns the Hibachi-San mark and all other trademarks and service marks used by
Hibachi-San restaurants, as well as the Hibachi-San system. PRG also has licensed us to use
and to sublicense the use of the Hibachi-San marks and Hibachi-San system. We began offering
Hibachi-San licenses under a different Franchise Disclosure Document beginning in April, 2015,
and as of the end of our last fiscal year, there were 2 franchised Hibachi-San Restaurants open
and operating in the United States. However, this Disclosure Document pertains only to Panda
Express® licenses. We do not own or operate any Hibachi-San Restaurants as of the issuance
date of this Disclosure Document. Company-owned Hibachi-San Restaurants are owned and
operated by our Affiliate Hibachi-San, Inc., (through its parents, PEI and PRG).

         Except as noted above, we have not offered franchises in any other lines of business.
None of our other Affiliates has offered franchises for Panda Express Restaurants or for any other
line of business.

        Various states and local jurisdictions have enacted laws, rules, regulations and
ordinances that may apply to the operation of your Restaurant, including those which do the
following:

       1.      establish general standards, specifications and requirements for the construction,
               design and maintenance of your Restaurant premises;

       2.      regulate matters affecting the health, safety and welfare of your customers, such
               as general health and sanitation requirements for restaurants; employee practices
               concerning the storage, handling, cooking and preparation of food; restrictions on
               smoking; access requirements for disabled persons; availability of and
               requirements for public accommodations, including restrooms;

       3.      set standards pertaining to employee health and safety, as well as wages, hours,
               overtime, hiring, firing and other employment-related matters;

       4.      set standards and requirements for fire safety and general emergency
               preparedness;

       5.      control the sale of alcoholic beverages; and

       6.      regulate the proper use, storage and disposal of waste, insecticides, and other
               hazardous materials.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                  3
