 Item Financed           Varies, but most frequently construction/build-out related.
 Loss of Legal Right on Lender has power of attorney, can take any proceeds from the
 Default                insurance coverage on your collateral, can take, sell, lease or
                        use all collateral. Your franchise can be terminated for a default.
 Other Material Terms    You pay all costs and attorney’s fees.
                         Waiver of rights of subrogation, full waiver of all legal defenses
                         against payment and of statutory rights/benefits to extent
                         permitted under law, waiver of jury trial and venue objections; no
                         discharge with borrower’s bankruptcy; all rights subordinated to
                         lender’s rights.
                         Disputes must be resolved by binding arbitration with limited
                         exceptions: disputes for amounts that can be resolved in small
                         claims court must be filed there instead; the arbitration
                         requirement does not limit actions for foreclosure of real
                         property/personal property, setoff or repossession of
                         collateral/proceeds of collateral, replevin, injunctive relief,
                         attachment or the appointment of a receiver; disputes over a loan
                         secured by real property can instead be referred to a referee under
                         California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et seq.

        Our Affiliates have no plans to sell, assign, or discount the financing arrangement to a
third party, though they have the right to do so.

       Also, our Affiliate PRG is a minority member in some joint venture companies that we
license to operate Panda Express Restaurants. PRG contributes capital to these joint venture
company operations as a member of the joint venture.

ITEM 11.       FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND
               TRAINING

       Except as listed below, Citadel Panda Express, Inc. is not required to provide you
with any assistance.

       Our Pre-Opening Obligations for each Restaurant.

       Before you open a Restaurant for business, we will:

        1.     Respond to you in writing within 30 days of receiving your request for our
consideration of a proposed Restaurant and the complete site submittal package. If you do not
receive a notice from us within the 30-day period, then our authorization is withheld. See Section
3.1 of the License Agreement.

        2.     Provide generic interior layout review assistance for each Restaurant based on
standard criteria. We do not provide detailed architectural or construction drawings, design
services or any other services associated with the establishment of a Restaurant. See Section
3.2 of the License Agreement.

         3.      Provide an initial training program for up to 8 attendees per Restaurant as part of
the Initial License Fee payable per Restaurant. See Section 5.1 of the License Agreement.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                               28
