       A breach as provided under Sections 16.3 A through K, above, is deemed by the parties to be a
       failure by you to substantially comply with lawful License Agreement requirements.”

6.    The following language is added to the end of Section 16 of the Agreement:

         “If we publish an announcement that we have determined that continued franchising in the state
         or in the standard metropolitan statistical area (as established by the United States Office of
         Management and Budget) within the state in which a Restaurant of yours is located is not
         appropriate for reasons that relate to our economic or other interests and that we are completely
         withdrawing from all franchise activity in such state/area (provided that we can continue to service
         existing Licensees under outstanding agreements), then we will be considered to have made a
         general market area withdrawal, will have no liability to you for termination of this Agreement
         therefore and will not be required to offer you any renewal license or similar rights (a “Market
         Withdrawal”). In that event we shall not prevent you from retaining control of the principal place
         of the Licensed Business or your Restaurant(s) involved in the Market Withdrawal. You agree
         that if any statute or court decision requires “good cause” (or any similar standard) for non-
         renewal, our compliance with the provisions of this clause will be deemed to be good cause.”

7.     Section 18.2 is hereby deleted and the following substituted therefore:

                “We shall have the right upon terminating or not renewing your License for any or all of
       your Restaurants to purchase from you at the value of price paid by you, minus depreciation, your
       inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings (the “Items”) purchased or paid for under
       the terms of this Agreement or an agreement ancillary hereto by you to us or to our approved
       suppliers that are possessed or used by you in the Licensed Business at the time of termination or
       non-renewal. For the purposes of this provision and compliance under and construction of the
       California Franchise Relations Act (CFRA), the parties agree that such depreciation shall be
       calculated based on whichever of the two (2) methods prescribed herein results in a lower valuation
       of the Items: i) the Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System (MACRS) method applied in
       accordance with the applicable standard U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) schedules effective
       for the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year in which the applicable License
       terminated or expired and was not renewed; or ii) depreciation schedules last filed by you in an IRS
       income tax return for the Licensed Business in a fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the
       applicable License terminated or expired and was not renewed. You shall provide us a true and
       complete copy of such income tax return and related schedules within five (5) business days of our
       request. You shall further provide us clear title to and possession of any such Items. We can offset
       against the amounts owed to you any amounts owed by you to us. You agree to bear all the costs
       of de-identification of any Terminated or not renewed Restaurant as provided in Section 17.2 of
       this Agreement.

               In the event a court or arbitrator finds that we terminated or failed to renew this Agreement
       for any or all Restaurants in violation of the CFRA, the parties agree that the fair market value of
       the applicable licensed business/Restaurant(s) and related assets (the “FMV”) for purposes of
       compliance with the CFRA shall be established in accordance with the following procedure: You
       and we shall mutually select an independent Certified Business Appraiser within thirty (30) days of
       such court/arbitrator finding. If unable to identify a mutually agreeable Certified Business Appraiser,
       you and we each shall select a person within forty five (45) days of such court/arbitrator finding who
       is an independent Certified Business Appraiser (the “Designees”) and such Designees promptly
       shall mutually agree to a third independent Certified Business Appraiser whose determination of
       the FMV shall be final and binding on the parties. The parties shall share equally the costs of
       establishing the FMV. This provision shall survive the termination or expiration of the License
       Agreement.“




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
California Addendum
