         6.2        Special Allocations.

                   (a)      Except as otherwise provided in § 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Article 6, if there is a net decrease in Company Minimum Gain during any Fiscal Year, each
Member will be specially allocated items of Company income and gain for that Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, in
subsequent fiscal years) in an amount equal to the portion of the Member’s share of the net decrease in Company
Minimum Gain allocable to the disposition of Company property subject to a Nonrecourse Liability, which share of
the net decrease will be determined in accordance with Regulations § 1.704-2(g)(2). Allocations pursuant to this
Section 6.2(a) will be made in proportion to the amounts required to be allocated to each Member under this Section
6.2(a). The items to be so allocated will be determined in accordance with Regulations § 1.704-2(f). This Section
6.2(a) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement contained in Regulations § 1.704-2(f)
and will be interpreted consistently therewith.

                   (b)      Except as otherwise provided in § 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Article 6, if there is a net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable
to a Member Nonrecourse Debt during any year, each Member who has a share of the Member Nonrecourse Debt
Minimum Gain attributable to that Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with § 1.704-2(i)(5) of the
Regulations, will be specifically allocated items of Company income and gain for the year (and if necessary,
subsequent years) in an amount equal to the Member’s share of the net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt,
determined in accordance with Regulations § 1.704-2(i)(4). Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence will be
made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items
to be allocated will be determined in accordance with §§ 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2) of the Regulations. This
Section 6.2(b) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the
Regulations and will be interpreted consistently therewith.

                  (c)      Any nonrecourse deductions (as defined in Regulations § 1.704-2(b)(1)) for any Fiscal
Year or other period will be specially allocated to the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests.

                 (d)       Those items of Company loss, deduction, or IRC § 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures attributable
to Member Nonrecourse Debt for any Fiscal Year or other period will be specially allocated to the Member who
bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the Member Nonrecourse Debt to which the items are attributable in
accordance with Regulations § 1.704-2(i).

                   (e)      If a Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions
described in Regulations § 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6), or any other event creates a deficit balance in the
Member’s Capital Account in excess of the Member’s share of Company Minimum Gain, items of Company income
and gain will be specially allocated to the Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate the excess deficit
balance as quickly as possible. Any special allocations of items of income and gain pursuant to this Section 6.2(e)
will be taken into account in computing subsequent allocations of income and gain pursuant to this Article 6 so that
the net amount of any item so allocated and the income, gain, and losses allocated to each Member pursuant to this
Article 6 to the extent possible, will be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to each Member
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.2(e) if the unexpected adjustments, allocations, or distributions had not
occurred.

          6.3     IRC 704(c) Allocations. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Article 6, in accordance
with IRC § 704(c) and the Regulations promulgated thereunder, income, gain, loss, and deduction with respect to
any property contributed to the capital of the Company will, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the
Members so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of the property to the Company for
federal income tax purposes and its fair market value on the date of contribution. Allocations pursuant to this
Section 6.3 are solely for purposes of federal, state, and local taxes. As such, they will not affect or in any way be
taken into account in computing a Member’s Capital Account or share of profits, losses, or other items of
distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.

      6.4       Allocation of Deductions From Section 83 Transactions. Any deduction available to the
Company due to the recognition by any Member of taxable income pursuant to the provisions of IRC § 83 will be



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
