                                                                                                    00000041.0

         D.      You agree to notify each of your Store Managers and Designated Individuals of their
obligations with respect to the confidentiality provisions as are set forth in this Section 8. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, to the extent permitted by law, you agree to cause each of your Store Managers and
Designated Individuals to sign a form of confidentiality agreement containing substantially the same
provisions as are set forth in this Section 8 and in a form as may be reasonably approved by us. A proposed
form is attached as Exhibit 8.1. You will provide us copies of all such confidentiality agreements upon our
request. You agree to take such measures to guard our Confidential Information and Trade Secrets against
misuse or misappropriation as you do for your own confidential information, but no less than reasonable
measures.

         E.      You agree to notify or allow us to notify each of your employees assigned to a Restaurant
of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and the obligation not to
disclose such information. Furthermore, you agree that we can require anyone who has access to
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets on your behalf to sign a Confidentiality Agreement substantially
in the form as attached as Exhibit 8.1 as a condition to receiving training from us. If you have reason to
believe that any employee has violated such confidentiality provisions, you shall promptly notify us of the
same and will cooperate with us in such action as we reasonably deem necessary or appropriate. You shall
indemnify us for any and all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, incurred
by us and/or Licensor-Related Persons/Entities in connection with any claim or enforcement action brought
against such an employee.

        F.      If any court of competent jurisdiction should deem the non-disclosure requirements of this
Section 8.1 overbroad, you will comply with clauses 1 through 5 of paragraph 8.1 C., inclusive, with respect
to any such Confidential Information during and for a period of five (5) years following the term of this
Agreement.

          G.     You agree not to disclose information regarding negotiations involved in, or the substance
of, this Agreement, except as may be required to obtain any applicable governmental permit or license, or
by lawful order of any court or governmental agency, or with our prior written consent. You and we agree
to cooperate regarding any press release and/or other public communication regarding the formation of, or
any other matter relating to, this Agreement.

         H.        While you and your employees and contractors do not perform any work for us as an
employer or otherwise, the following notice is provided pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016
to the extent it is determined or construed to be required for us or our Affiliates to enforce our/their full rights
under such Act or any other law:

          “An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret
          law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local
          government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a
          suspected violation of law. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any
          federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint
          or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. An
          individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation
          of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret
          information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade
          secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. “

   I.   For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee is not precluded by this Agreement from contacting or
otherwise engaging with governmental authorities regarding the franchise. However, if/when Licensee

                                   Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                 Page 13
