employees discussed in Item 11 of this Disclosure Document, subject to updated
recommendations in the Manuals from time to time. In addition to initial certification, at least 6 of
the Head Chefs/Cooks must be re-certified annually. A Store Manager must be on site at each
Restaurant at all times during operating hours to supervise food preparation and safety at your
Restaurant. Any change in Store Manager or Designated Individual requires our prior written
approval. Our approval is conditioned on completion of initial training and certification
requirements to our satisfaction. You authorize us to deal with the Designated Individual and/or
Store Manager regarding routine operations and reporting requirements and the Designated
Individual must participate in bi-weekly project updates during the 6 months before opening of
your Restaurant. You must ensure we are given, and kept current regarding, the identities of
each Store Manager, Head Chef, and Assistant Manager for each Restaurant.

         We also recommend that you have one or more Operations Training Leaders if/when you
have 5 or more locations to support growth and accommodate the continuous learning and
training of associates in a high turn-over environment. Operations Training Leaders are expected
to train for 4 weeks in a company-owned Panda Express Restaurant before starting work.

        You are solely responsible for the hiring and management of your Restaurant employees,
for the terms and conditions of their employment, including scheduling, wages, discipline, their
safety and security and termination, and for ensuring their compliance with any training or other
employment related requirements. You and your employees will wear then current Panda
Express uniforms at your sole cost and expense at all times during your business operations. We
may require that your Store Manager(s) be solely dedicated to Panda Express Restaurants and
not work in any other food service business you own or operate. All of your employees, must
wear a Panda Express uniform while working in your Restaurant and at no time shall the Panda
Uniform be worn while your employees work in any other business. You are responsible for paying
all taxes on payments received under the License Agreement. We are not a contractor or
subcontractor, agent, or employee of yours in any way. You direct and control your
subcontractors and are responsible for them and their performance.

        You must operate your Restaurant ethically and in compliance with all applicable laws,
including privacy and data protection laws, rules and requirements, the Fair Labor Standards Act,
the Occupational Safety and Health Act, any state wage and hour or workers compensation act,
any state unemployment compensation benefit law or regulation, or any other federal, state or
local employment-related or employee benefit requirement. It is your responsibility to identify and
obtain all authorizations necessary to your operation. You must notify us immediately of any
action taken or proceeding initiated by a government/public agency or department about any
Restaurant, including any inspection reports, warnings and citations. You also have to comply
with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard for merchants accepting payment by
credit or debit card and any revision to it adapted by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC
(the “PCI Council”).

        Each of your managers must sign a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement as a
condition to participation in any training program or meeting. Any member of your staff enrolled
in any of the above initial training activities has to satisfactorily complete any required testing.

        If Licensee is a business entity, we have the right to require that any or all owners having
a legal or beneficial interest, directly or indirectly, in the Licensee sign a personal guaranty. We
also have the right to require any guarantor‘s spouse or domestic partner under local law to co-
sign the guaranty. Additionally, you must provide us within 30 days of our request updated

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                49
