                                                                                                   00000041.0
under the facts and circumstances for us to conclude that you do not intend to continue to operate the
Restaurant, unless such failure to operate is due to a Force Majeure and you have initiated all repairs and
reconstruction necessary to restore your Restaurant to original condition within sixty (60) days of the Force
Majeure, as provided in Section 10.1 A. 1) of this Agreement;

         C.         you are judged bankrupt, become insolvent, make an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or if a petition under any bankruptcy law is filed by or against you or any direct or indirect corporate
parent, or if a receiver or other custodian is appointed for a substantial part of your assets;

         D.      you fail to have any authorization or comparable license or consent necessary for the use
or operation of the Restaurant, or such authorization or license is revoked or terminated, or you participate
in any fraud or criminal misconduct relating to the operation of any Restaurant, or if any of your officers or
directors is convicted of, or pleads guilty or no contest to, a felony, or to any crime or offense that is likely
to adversely affect the operations of your Restaurant or your or our reputation, or the goodwill associated
with the Marks;

         E.       you make, or attempt to make, an unauthorized transfer under this Agreement, including
but not limited to a transfer or attempted transfer of Licensee, any or all Restaurants, or of any portion of
the premises of any Restaurant; or lose your right to possess, or surrender control of, any Restaurant or of
the Licensee without our prior written approval and other than as provided in Section 16.4 B., below;

       F.      you understate the Gross Volume of a Restaurant by more than five percent (5%) during
any Reporting Period;

        G.      your Lease Agreement is terminated for cause, or you fail to cure a material default under
the applicable Lease Agreement within the time permitted by the Client;

       H.       you fail to cure any violation of any provisions under this Agreement with respect to the
Marks or to Section 8 within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of default;

         I.    you fail to report accurately Gross Volume for any Restaurant or fail to submit any other
report, document or information due under this Agreement, or to make payments of any amounts due us or
any Licensor-Related Person/Entity within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of default;

        J.       you fail to permit or to cooperate with us or our designee in any audit or inspection at any
Restaurant, or fail to produce on request any records required to be maintained by you, within fifteen (15)
days after receipt of written notice of default;

         K.      you fail to meet on an ongoing basis the insurance requirements we establish as provided
in Section 10.5, above within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice thereof. We may require you to
immediately cease all operations at the applicable Restaurant until any such default is fully cured;

        L.       there exists one or more health, safety or sanitation conditions at a Restaurant that we
reasonably determine may pose an imminent threat to public health or safety that you fail to cure within 24
hours after receipt of written notice thereof; provided that we may also require you to immediately cease all
operations and temporarily close the applicable Restaurant until any such imminent threat default is fully
cured to our satisfaction if we deem it necessary in our sole discretion;

        M.       you or required personnel fail to complete initial training or to satisfactorily complete any
required testing as provided in Section 5.1 A., above;


                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                Page 36
