and (7) invasion of privacy. The Halliday lawsuit is one of nine class action lawsuits filed against
PRG arising out of a data security incident which occurred between March 7, 2024, and March
10, 2024. On October 1, 2024, the parties agreed to a conditional global settlement of all the
lawsuits. As part of the conditional settlement, the plaintiffs dismissed the related lawsuits, and
all claims related to the Data Breach will be combined and resolved in the Halliday case. The
parties are in the process of finalizing the settlement approval paperwork. The court set April 28,
2025, as the deadline for the plaintiffs to file their motion for preliminary approval of the settlement.

        Americo Pena, as an individual and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Panda
Restaurant Group, Inc., Panda Express, Inc., and Does 1 - 50 (Superior Court of the State of
California, County of Los Angeles, Case No. 24STCV15775). On June 24, 2024 Plaintiff filed a
class action asserting: (1) Unpaid Wages; (2) Inaccurate Wage Statements; (3) Unfair or Unlawful
Business Practices; and (4) Violation of the California Labor Code. The suit alleges Panda
violated Labor Code Section 1391 by employing Plaintiff and other similarly situated associates
for hours beyond what is legally allowed, including, but not limited to, requiring minors, under 18
years old, to work more than four hours on school days and after 10pm on days that precede a
school day. PRG intends to vigorously defend against the claims in the action.

Concluded

        Khan Kudo, individually and on behalf of all persons similarly situated v. Panda Express,
Inc. and Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. (United States District Court, Southern District of New
York, Case No.: 09 CV 0712-CS). On January 26, 2009, Khan Kudo, a former General Manager,
filed a lawsuit against PRG and PEI on behalf of himself and current and former General
Managers of Panda Express outside of California, alleging that they were entitled to unpaid
overtime wages and liquidated damages under the Fair Labor Standards Act (the “FLSA”). He
alleged that since January 26, 2006, Plaintiffs had been misclassified as “exempt”, but were
actually “non-exempt” employees within the meaning of the FLSA. He alleged that these General
Managers were required to be compensated for overtime compensation at rates no less than 1.5
times the regular rate of pay for hours worked in excess of 40 hours per week. He also alleged
that PRG and PEI violated New York Labor Law, were unjustly enriched as a result of this practice,
and retaliated against him in violation of 29 USC § 215(a)(3). The relief sought included an
injunction against PRG and PEI from engaging in the alleged unlawful practices; unpaid wages
for hours actually worked as well as overtime compensation due; compensatory and punitive
damages in a sum to be determined at trial; interest; and costs and reasonable attorneys’ and
expert fees. PRG and PEI defended the action, but to manage risk, elected to settle the matter
(on a claims-made basis) with the entire class, in an aggregate amount equal to approximately
$2.98 million, which was approved by the court on June 26, 2015. After the claims process, the
settlement amount was reduced to approximately $2.86 million.

         Carmelo Trujillo v. Panda Restaurant Group, Inc., Panda Express, LLC, Panda Express,
Inc., Panda Express (P.R.), Inc, and Does 1 through 50. (California Superior Court, County of
San Diego, Case No. 37-2015-00034660-CU-WT-CTL). On October 14, 2015, Carmelo Trujillo,
a former associate working as kitchen help at a Panda Inn, located in San Diego, California, filed
a suit against PRG, PEI, PE (PR) and PEL (together “Panda”) alleging: (i) harassment and hostile
work environment; (ii) failure to take all reasonable steps to prevent harassment, hostile work
environment and retaliation; (iii) unlawful retaliation; (iv) discrimination and wrongful termination
on the basis of sex and marital status; (v) discrimination and wrongful termination on the basis of
disability/medical condition; (vi) wrongful termination in violation of public policy; and (vii) unfair
business practices. Plaintiff specifically sought $85,000. Plaintiff alleged he was inappropriately
groped and touched by his supervisor and claimed he reported the incidents to his managers at


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                        7
