distribution of money being made to other Members. Except on a dissolution and the winding up of the Company,
no Member may be compelled to accept a distribution of any asset in kind.

          6.8       Restriction on Distributions. No distribution will be made if, after giving effect to the
distribution: (a) the Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business,
or (b) the Company’s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless this Agreement
provides otherwise, the amount that would be needed if the Company were to be dissolved at the time of the
distribution to satisfy the preferential rights of other Members, if any, on dissolution that are superior to the rights of
the Member receiving the distribution.

                  (a)       The Manager(s) may base a determination that a distribution is not prohibited on (a)
financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices and principles that are reasonable in the
circumstances, (b) a fair valuation, or (c) any other method that is reasonable in the circumstances. Except as
provided in the Act, the effect of a distribution will be measured as of the date it is authorized if the payment occurs
within 120 days after the date of authorization, and will be measured as of the date payment is made if the payment
occurs more than 120 days after the date of authorization.

                   (b)       A Member or Manager who votes for a distribution in violation of this Agreement or the
Act is personally liable to the Company for the amount of the distribution that exceeds what could have been
distributed without violating this Agreement or the Act, but only if it is established that the Member or Manager did
not act in compliance with Section 6.8(a) or Section 10.4. Any Member or Manager who is liable under this Section
6.8(b) may compel contribution from (a) each other Member or Manager who also is so liable and (b) each Member
for the amount the Member received with knowledge of facts indicating that the distribution was made in violation
of this Agreement or the Act.

         6.9      Return of Distributions. Except for distributions made in violation of the Act or this Agreement,
no Member or Economic Interest Owner will be obligated to return any distribution to the Company or pay the
amount of any distribution for the Company’s account or to any Company creditor. The amount of any distribution
returned to the Company by a Member or Economic Interest Owner or paid by a Member or Economic Interest
Owner for the Company’s account or to an Company creditor will be added to the account(s) from which it was
subtracted when it was distributed to the Member or Economic Interest Owner.

         6.10 Obligations of Members to Report Allocations. The Members are aware of the income tax
consequences of the allocations made by this Article 6 and agree to be bound by its provisions in reporting their
shares of Company income and loss for income tax purposes.

          6.11 Withholding. The Company will comply with withholding requirements under federal, state, and
local law and will remit amounts withheld to and file required forms with the applicable jurisdictions. To the extent
the Company is required to withhold and pay over any amounts to any authority with respect to distributions or
allocations to any Member, the amount withheld will be deemed to be, at the option of the Tax Matters Partner,
either a distribution to or a demand loan by the Company to that Member in the amount of the withholding. In the
event of any claimed over-withholding, Members will be limited to an action against the applicable jurisdiction. If
the amount was deemed to be a demand loan, the Company may, at its option, (a) at any time require the Member to
repay the loan in cash, (b) at anytime reduce any subsequent distributions by the amount of the loan or (c) as of the
end of any accounting period, treat the amount withheld as a distribution to the Member and adjust the Member’s
Capital Account accordingly. Each Member agrees to furnish the Company with any representations and forms
reasonably be requested by the Company to assist it in determining the extent of, and in fulfilling, its withholding
obligations.

                                               Article 7
                                TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT OF INTERESTS

         7.1      Transfers. Except as provided in Section 7.4, no Member may Transfer all or part of the
Member’s Membership Interest except with the prior written consent of the Manager(s), which consent may be
given or withheld, conditioned or delayed (as allowed by this Agreement or the Act) as the Manager(s) may


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
