and Southern California Regions. In February of 2012, he decided to retire after 35 years of
service. In February 2019, he returned and joined PRG as Director, Domestic and International
Licensing Operations and also serves in the same capacity for us.

       Donna Wanser – Vice President, Real Estate Legal and Property Management

       Ms. Wanser joined PRG in November, 2000 as Executive Director, Real Estate
Legal/Lease Administration and was promoted to Vice President, Legal in November, 2004,
where she currently serves and has full responsibility for all Real Estate Legal, Property
Management, Legal Licensing and various PRG corporate functions. She also serves the same
capacity for us.

       Brian Jarvis – Executive Director of Business Development, Non-Traditional, Licensing &
       International

         Mr. Jarvis joined PRG in May 2006 as Real Estate Manager. He also worked as a
financial analyst forecasting system wide sales and as a portfolio manager overseeing Panda’s
real estate assets and served as Senior Real Estate Manager from July 2014 to June 2018. He
became Director of Non-Traditional and Licensing in June 2018. As Director of Non-Traditional
and Licensing at PRG, Mr. Jarvis is responsible for non-traditional real estate development in the
United States and Canada. He leads new restaurant growth for airports, universities, military
bases, stadiums, theme parks, hospitals, and casinos. He was promoted to Executive Director of
Business Development, Non-Traditional, Licensing & International in August 2022. He also
serves in the same capacity for us.

ITEM 3:        LITIGATION

Pending

         Aveon Goosby v. Panda Restaurant Group, Inc./Panda Express, Inc. (California Superior
Court, County of Los Angeles, Case No. 23STCV15228). On 5/23/23 we received Plaintiff’s
written PAGA notice for claims against Panda. The notice alleges Panda violated Labor Code
Section 1391 by employing Plaintiff and other similarly situated associates for hours beyond what
is legally allowed. Specifically, requiring minors under 18 years old, to work more than four hours
on school days and after 10pm on days that precede a school day. We have filed a motion for
judgment on the pleadings due to the defective nature of the PAGA letter. PRG intends to
vigorously defend against the claims in the action.

        Aveon Goosby v. Panda Restaurant Group, Inc./Panda Express, Inc. (California Superior
Court, County of Los Angeles, Case No. 23STCV31730). In a separate individual action, on
December 28, 2023, former associate, Aveon Goosby filed a complaint against PRG alleging: (i)
Whistleblower Retaliation; (ii) Wrongful Termination and (iii) Intentional Infliction of Emotional
Distress. We are vigorously defending against the claims in the action and will be filing a demurrer
to the complaint shortly. PRG intends to vigorously defend against the claims in the action.

        Marc-Antony Halliday v. Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. (Superior Court of the State of
California, County of Los Angeles, Case No. 24STCV12667). On 5/16/24, former associate Marc-
Anthony Halliday filed class action lawsuit against PRG alleging claims for: (1) negligence; (2)
negligence per se; (3) declaratory judgment; (4) violation of California Consumer Privacy Act; (5)
violation of California Consumer Rights Act; (6) violation of California’s Unfair Competition Law;


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                   6
