 LICENSE AGREEMENT
      PROVISION                SECTION                               SUMMARY
                                               Express Restaurant; refrain from using any
                                               proprietary Designated Equipment at a non-Panda
                                               Express Restaurant; sell to us at net book value
                                               any equipment, Trade Dress, signage and
                                               furnishings and fixtures associated w/ a Panda
                                               Express Restaurant, using a 5 year amortization
                                               schedule; notify phone companies/URLs/directory
                                               listings and cooperate with us in de-listing; furnish
                                               evidence of compliance with above; continuing
                                               indemnification, confidentiality, dispute resolution
                                               obligations; we can require you to pay future
                                               royalties on default; no payment by us on
                                               termination; return unused Inventory, subject to
                                               conditions.
                                               If we terminate the License Agreement or the
                                               Operating Term of any Restaurant due to an
                                               uncured default by you, you must pay us a sum
                                               equivalent to 24 months of Royalties based on all
                                               Royalties paid in the 12 Royalty Periods
                                               immediately preceding the Termination date of
                                               such Restaurant, plus the Minimum Royalty
                                               amount for each Restaurant for a period of 90 days
                                               following the closure date, which would otherwise
                                               be due if the License for such Restaurant(s) had
                                               not been cancelled.
j. Assignment of           Section 14.1        Fully assignable by us without your consent; we
contract by us                                 can be sold, sell any assets, go public, engage in
                                               private placement, merge, acquire or be
                                               merged/acquired with competitors or others.

k. “Transfer” by you       Section 14.2        Includes transfer of any interest of any kind or
– defined                                      nature.

l. Our approval of         Section 14.2        Transfers subject to our consent, and transfer of
transfer by you                                interests/assets of your business must include
                                               license.
                                               If you are publicly held, you must get our written
                                               consent to a) sell or transfer the Agreement or any
                                               Restaurant (except to parent company), b) grant
                                               security interest, c) transfer assets of you, your
                                               operating division and/or your parent, or d)
                                               acquire, consolidate, or merge parent into any
                                               other entity or you into any other person/entity but
                                               parent.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                  55
