                     CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       DECEMBER 30, 2023 AND DECEMBER 31, 2022




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Revenue Recognition (Continued)
         The Company currently has franchisees throughout United States of America and countries
         overseas such as Mexico, Guatemala, South Korea, Russia, and Philippines. The franchise
         arrangement is documented in the form of a franchise agreement. The franchise
         arrangement requires the Company to perform various activities to support the brand that do
         not directly transfer goods and services to the franchisee, but instead represent a single
         performance obligation, which is the transfer of the franchise license. The intellectual
         property subject to the franchise license is symbolic intellectual property as it does not have
         significant standalone functionality, and substantially all of the utility is derived from its




         license. The services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the franchise
         license and as such are considered to represent a single performance obligation. The
         transaction price in a standard franchise arrangement primarily consists of (a) initial service
         fees; (b) continuing franchise fees (Royalties); and (c) licensed restaurant mark-up fees.
         Since the Company considers the licensing of the franchising right to be a single
         performance obligation, no allocation of the transaction price is required.

         Royalties
         The Company collects royalties, as stipulated in the franchise agreement, currently based

         occur. Royalties are calculated as a percentage of sales over the term of the franchise
         agreement. The franchise agreement royalties represent sales-based royalties that are

         and are recognized as franchisee store level sales occur. Royalties are collected
         periodically.

         Initial Service Fees
         The Company requires the entire nonrefundable initial service fee to be paid upon opening
         of a franchise store. Initial service fees are recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over
         the term of the franchise agreement commencing with the opening of the franchise store. As
         these fees are typically received in cash at or near the beginning of the franchise term, the
         cash received is initially recorded as a contract liability until recognized as revenue over time

         service, generic interior layout assistance, initial training, and provision of operating
         manuals. The Company provides no financing to franchisees and offers no guarantees on
         their behalf. The services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the franchise
         license and as such are considered to represent a single performance obligation. The initial
         fee for new licensees typically ranges from $7,500 to $25,000.




                                                  (9)
