a minimum net worth of $150 Million, and submit annual audited financial statements which verify
the minimum net worth requirement is met.

       You must provide evidence of insurance in place on an annual basis and prior to signing
the License Agreement. We must be specifically named as Certificate Holder and Additional
Insured status granted for commercial general liability, automobile liability, and umbrella/excess
insurance. Your insurance in place must be primary and our insurance shall be non-contributory.
You shall waive all your rights of subrogation against us and notify your insurer of such.

       9.
          Initial Training Expenses. The Initial License Fee covers an initial training program
per Restaurant. All costs related to training for you and any of your personnel attending the initial
training program, including any travel, living, incidental and other expenses, are your sole
responsibility. The amount expended will depend, in part, on the distance you must travel and
whether lodging is required. We also can charge a fee for training of additional and/or subsequent
personnel.
       10
          Licenses and Permits. You are solely responsible for identifying and complying with
all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We make no representations or assurances
about the type of licenses, permits, or other authorizations that are required for your particular
Restaurant, whether for build out or for any legal compliance matters. You should investigate the
requirements in your area and the related costs before acquiring a license.
       11
          Payroll and Related Taxes. This category is an estimate amount for a month. The
amounts may vary depending on how much you pay to your employees, the required staffing and
the sales amounts.
       12
          Additional Funds. Additional Funds is an estimate of the funds needed to cover certain
business expenses during the first three months of operation of your Restaurant (excluding payroll
and related taxes covered in a separate line item in the chart). You will need capital to support
on-going costs of your business, such as additional inventory, supplies, utilities, recruitment and
training costs, uniforms, donations and discounts. You also need to hire some outside services,
such as companies offering security, safety, maintenance, quality control/evaluation, surveys,
marketing, laundry, and professional services. New businesses often have larger expenses than
revenues. The low-high range given shows that your costs will depend on factors such as how
much you follow our recommended systems and procedures, your technical, marketing and
general business skills, local economic conditions, the local market for your Restaurant,
competition, local market costs, and your sales levels. This is only an estimate. You may need
more additional funds during the 3 months of initial operation, and you will have ongoing expenses
and revenue needs after the first 3 months. In addition, the estimates presented relate only to
costs associated with the licensed business and do not cover any personal, “living” or other
expenses.
       13
           Total. This estimate of costs and expenses covers pre-opening expenses and the first
3 months of operations. All of the above amounts are estimates. We have implemented a pilot
program on a limited basis under which a licensee’s Restaurant may be free standing, developed
with a drive-thru feature and have a larger footprint (estimated to be approximately 2,600 sq. feet)
than a typical licensed captive venue location. We estimate that the total initial investment
expenses noted above for such a drive thru location will increase by up to $1,500,000, due in part
to greater construction and site development costs; as well as increased furniture, fixtures,
signage and equipment costs. In preparing the figures in this Item, we relied on our Affiliates’

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                20
