ITEM 10.       FINANCING

         An Affiliate of ours (PRG or PEI) occasionally may make loans to our Panda Express
Restaurant licensees at the Affiliate’s sole option and in circumstances it finds appropriate. Most
previous loans generally have been related to construction costs and were under $100,000, but
it is possible that an Affiliate may elect to offer financing for other purposes and in other amounts.
Historically, these financial assistance arrangements have been infrequent. The charts below are
based on the terms of template financing documents for a transaction, although the actual terms
of any arrangement are subject to negotiation between the parties and the particular
circumstances surrounding the transaction. We expect any loan amounts to vary with the
specifics of the transaction. The schedule for repayment will generally correspond to the size of
the loan (i.e., larger loan amounts may have longer periods of repayment).

 Item Financed         Varies, but most frequently construction/build-out related.
 Source of Financing   Our Affiliate(s).
 Down Payment          None, but Security Agreement must be signed.
 Amount Financed       Varies. Under $100,000 in the preceding 3 fiscal years.
 Term (Years)          Varies. 1 – 2 years in the preceding 3 fiscal years.
 Interest Rate         7% (plus an additional 5% on default or other triggering event), as
                       allowed by law; subject to negotiation.
 Monthly Payment       Varies with loan amount and term.
 Prepay Penalty        None.
 Security Required     Continuing Personal Guarantee (if borrower is a business entity,
                       owners having a legal or beneficial interest, directly or indirectly,
                       can be required to sign a personal guaranty. Any guarantor‘s
                       spouse or domestic partner also can be required to co-sign);
                       Security Agreement (all property of the borrower is collateral on
                       the loan, including current and future, tangible and intangible
                       property).
 Late Fees / Liability Late fee of $500 if payment within 10 days after due date. On
 Upon Default          default, a) lender can accelerate repayment, with interest, fees &
                       expenses, and rate increases by 5 percentage points, b) possible
                       transfer of collateral, c) Uniform Commercial Code “UCC” liability
                       applies, d) you pay collection costs & attorney’s fees and e) lender
                       has power of attorney. Default includes failure to pay on time; any
                       cross-default on related financing documents or your License
                       Agreement; a judgment against you, ordering you to pay more
                       than $100,000 or adversely affecting your business; failure to
                       timely meet obligations; making material misrepresentations; if
                       any obligation becomes unenforceable or enforceability is
                       challenged; insolvency; abandonment of business; assignment for
                       the benefit of creditors; bankruptcy; acceleration of debts to third
                       parties; transfer or rearrangement of ownership resulting in current
                       owners having less than 50% voting power; sale of all or most of
                       your assets, appointment of receiver/trustee/levy of writ of
                       execution on property; devalued collateral (if not replaced); loss of
                       any license, permit, contract, etc. needed for your business
                       operations.



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                 27
