elect to purchase more than their pro rata share. If the Remaining Member(s) fail to purchase the entire interest of
the Former Member, the Company will purchase any remaining portion of the Former Member’s Interest.

       8.5       Payment of Purchase Price. The Purchase Price will be paid by the Company or the Remaining
Member(s), as the case may be, by either of the following methods, each of which may be selected separately by the
Company and each of the Remaining Member(s):

                  (a)      The Company or the Remaining Member(s) will at the closing pay in cash the total
purchase price for the Former Member’s Interest; or

                   (b)      The Company or the Remaining Member(s) will pay at the closing one-fifth of the
Purchase Price, in which case the balance of the Purchase Price will then be paid in four equal annual principal
installments, plus accrued interest, payable each year on the anniversary date of the closing. The unpaid principal
balance will accrue interest at the current applicable federal rate as provided in the IRC for the month in which the
initial payment is made, but the Company and the Remaining Member(s) may prepay in full or in part at any time
without penalty. The obligation to pay will be evidenced by a promissory note, and if purchased by a Remaining
Member, secured by a pledge of the Membership Interest being purchased.

         8.6        Closing of Purchase of Former Member’s Interest. The closing for the sale of a Former
Member’s Interest pursuant to this Article 8 will be held at 10:00 A.M. at the Company’s principal office within 60
days after determination of the Purchase Price, except that if the closing date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or legal
holiday, it will be held on the next succeeding business day. At the closing, the Former Member or the Former
Member’s legal representative will deliver to the Company or the Remaining Member(s) an instrument of transfer
(containing warranties of title and no encumbrances) conveying the Former Member’s Interest. The Former
Member or the Former Member’s legal representative, the Company, and the Remaining Member(s) will do all
things and execute and deliver all papers necessary fully to consummate such sale and purchase in accordance with
this Agreement.

       8.7      Purchase Terms Varied by Agreement. Nothing contained in this Article 8 will prohibit
Members from agreeing on other terms and conditions for the purchase by the Company or Member(s) of the
Membership Interest of any Member desiring to retire, withdraw, or resign as a Member in whole or part.

       8.8      Separate Agreements. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to prohibit one or more of
the Members from entering into separate agreements agreeing upon the terms and conditions of the purchase of the
Membership Interest of a Member by the Company or any Member upon events specified in such agreement.

                                           Article 9
                          ACCOUNTING, RECORDS, REPORTING BY MEMBERS

          9.1      Books and Records. Proper and complete records and books of account will be kept by the
Company, in which will be entered fully and accurately all transactions and other matters relative to the Company’s
business as are usually entered into records and books of account maintained by persons engaged in businesses of a
like character, including the Capital Account established for each Member. The Company’s books and records will
be kept in accordance with consistently applied accounting principles. The books and records will at all times be
maintained at the principal office of the Company and will be open to the inspection and examination of the
Members or their duly authorized representatives for a proper purpose during reasonable business hours and at the
sole cost and expense of the inspecting or examining Member. The Company will maintain at its principal office
and make available to any Member or any designated representative of any Member a list of names and addresses
of, and Membership Interests in the Company owned by, all Members.

          9.2       Annual Reports. Within three hundred fifteen (315) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, the
Manager(s) will cause the Company to send to each Person who was a Member at any time during the Fiscal Year,
(i) financial statements (which will be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles),
including a balance sheet and statement of income and changes in financial position showing the cash distributed in



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
