       7.
          Computer Hardware and Software. The cost of the computer equipment and software,
including point of sale systems, needed to operate a Panda Express Restaurant varies, and the
low-high range given is based on the manufacturer, the operating features, whether the
equipment is already owned by you, whether the equipment is new or used, and whether you
purchase or lease the equipment. This also includes the prepaid cost for the first year of required
maintenance. We estimate it will cost $14,000 to $21,000 to purchase the computer hardware
with an additional $2,000 to $4,000 for subscription fees and then additional $500 to $2,000 per
year for maintenance fees. Computer hardware must include a stateful inspection or Next-Gen
firewall and related switches. If you purchase a wireless access point it must be on a separate
firewall segment from your point of sale. It is possible to subscribe to POS services that are fully
cloud POS systems, in which case the recurring costs will increase while the initial costs will
decrease.
       8.
         Insurance. You must maintain in force at all times policies of insurance covering various
risks and issued by carriers we approve. Policies must name us and our Affiliates as additional
insured for Liability policies and meet other coverage criteria as specified by us in the Manual or
otherwise. We specify the types and amounts of coverage required under these policies and can
require commercially reasonable adjustments from time to time. Each such policy shall be
underwritten by insurers rated “A-” or better, with minimum financial rating of VII, by A.M. Best
Company.

       Current insurance requirements include the following:

        1.     commercial general liability insurance with limits not less than $10,000,000 per
occurrence for bodily injury and property damage, products/completed operations, personal and
advertising injury (which policy shall contain a contractual liability endorsement specifically
deleting any contractual liability exclusion for personal injury and shall not have a deductible in
excess of $10,000). These requirements can be met with a combination of general liability and
umbrella/excess liability policies. Terms and Conditions of umbrella/excess insurance must be as
broad as underlying policies or greater. The insurance must be written on an occurrence basis; a
claims made basis will not be accepted as compliance with the terms of the License Agreement.

        2.      automobile liability insurance with a limit of not less than $3,000,000 per accident,
bodily injury and property damage, for any owned, hired or non-owned vehicle used by you for
the business (the auto liability shall also be scheduled as underlying on the umbrella/excess policy
referenced above for additional limits);

       3.      cyber insurance coverage with an aggregate minimum limit of $10,000,000. This
insurance coverage shall include network security liability, employee privacy liability and
electronic media liability. This insurance coverage shall be a worldwide coverage;

        4.      Property All Risk Insurance valued at replacement cost, including business
interruption insurance providing for continued payment of all amounts due us and/or our Affiliate
under this Agreement; and

        5.      worker’s compensation insurance with a carrier and in amounts established under
local law for each Restaurant and a policy of employer’s liability insurance with limits of liability
not less than $1,000,000 per accident or disease.

       If you are self-insured you may, with our prior written consent, self-insure the obligations
described above, as long as you give us satisfactory evidence of comparable coverage, maintain

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                19
