Section 1.03 Litigation. There is no litigation or other proceeding pending or, to the knowledge
of Guarantor, threatened against, or affecting, him or his properties which, if determined
adversely to Guarantor, would have a materially adverse effect on the financial condition,
properties, businesses or operations of Guarantor, and Guarantor is not in default with respect to
any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any court or other governmental or regulatory
authority.
Section 1.04 Financial Condition. The balance sheets of Guarantor which have heretofore been
submitted in writing by Guarantor to ___ in connection herewith are true and correct and fairly
present the financial condition of Guarantor for the period covered thereby. Since the date of
said balance sheets there has been no materially adverse change in the financial condition of
Guarantor. Guarantor has no knowledge of any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, at the date of
said balance sheets which are not reflected in said balance sheets; and, other than in the ordinary
course of his business, Guarantor has not entered into any commitments or contracts which are
not reflected in said balance sheets or which may have a materially adverse effect upon his
financial condition, operations or business as now conducted.
Section 1.05 Financial Benefit. Guarantor hereby acknowledges and warrants that he has
derived or expects to derive a financial advantage from each and every loan or other extension of
credit and from each and every renewal, extension, release of collateral or other relinquishment o
legal rights made or granted or to be made or granted by ___ to the Company in connection with
the indebtedness.
Section 1.06 Review of Documents. Guarantor hereby acknowledges that he has copies of and
is fully familiar with each and every document executed and delivered to ___ by the Company,
and represents and warrants that all necessary action, whether corporate or otherwise, has been
taken by the Company to authorize the Company's execution of the said documents and to
engage in the transactions thereby contemplated.
       ARTICLE II. GUARANTY
Section 2.01 Guaranty. Guarantor unconditionally guarantees and promises to pay to, or to the
order of, ___, on demand, in lawful money of the United States of America, any and all
indebtedness. The word "indebtedness" is used herein in its most comprehensive sense and
includes any and all advances, debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company to ___
heretofore, now or hereafter made, incurred or created (and all renewals, extensions,
modifications and rearrangements thereof), whether voluntary or involuntary and however
arising, whether due or not due, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or
undetermined, direct or indirect, and whether the Company may be liable individually or jointly
with others or whether recovery upon such indebtedness may be or hereafter become barred by
any statute of limitations, or whether such indebtedness may be or hereafter become otherwise
unenforceable, including, without limitation, any and all amounts accruing or otherwise arising
after the commencement of any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding by or against
the Company, whether or not any claim for such amounts is allowed or allowable against the
Company under the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 101 et seq. (the "Bankruptcy
Code").
Section 2.02 Continuing Guaranty. This is a continuing guaranty of the indebtedness. This
guaranty may be terminated as to future transactions only. Any termination shall be ineffective

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Continuing Guarantee
