Economic Interest, including the rights of the Member to vote or participate in the management of the Company’s
business, property, and affairs) for a purchase price of $10. The Manager(s) will promptly notify the transferring
Member if this option will be exercised. A purchase and sale pursuant to this Section 7.7(b) will not result in the
release of the transferring Member from any liability to the Company arising before the date of the purchase. Each
Member acknowledges and agrees that the right of the Company to purchase the remaining rights and interests from
a Member who permits or suffers a Transfer of a Membership Interest in violation of this Article 7 is not
unreasonable under the circumstances existing as of the date of this Agreement.

                                                   Article 8
                                              TRIGGERING EVENT

         8.1     Triggering Event. On the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the Company will purchase (or
cause to be purchased), and the Member who is the subject of the Triggering Event (“Former Member”) or the
Former Member’s legal representative, will sell the Membership Interest owned by the Former Member (the
“Former Member’s Interest”) as provided in this Article 8.

          8.2      Purchase Price on Triggering Event. The purchase price for the Former Member’s Interest will
be the fair market value of the Former Member’s Interest, discounted for minority interests and lack of marketability
(the “Purchase Price”). The Purchase Price will be determined jointly by the Company and the Former Member. If
the Company and the Former Member are unable to determine the Purchase Price within 15 days, then Purchase
Price will be determined by an appraisal as provided below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Triggering Event
results from a breach of this Agreement by the Former Member, the Purchase Price will be reduced by an amount
equal to the damages suffered by the Company or the remaining Member(s) as a result of the breach.

                    If it is necessary to determine the Purchase Price through appraisal, the Company and the Former
Member will endeavor to jointly select an independent appraiser. The determination of the Purchase Price
(including fair market value and discounts for minority interest and lack of marketability) by the appraiser chosen by
the Company and the Former Member will be binding and conclusive on all parties to this Agreement. If the Former
Member and the Company are unable to agree on the selection of an appraiser within 30 days after the Triggering
Event, each will select an independent appraiser within ten days after expiration of the 30-day period. The two
appraisers selected will each independently appraise the Former Member’s Interest in accordance with this
Agreement and, as long as the difference in the two appraisals does not exceed 10% of the lower of the two
appraisals, the Purchase Price will be conclusively deemed to equal the average of the two appraisals. If either party
fails to select an appraiser within the time required by this provision, the Purchase Price will be conclusively deemed
to equal the appraisal of the independent appraiser timely selected by the other. If the difference between the two
appraisals referred to above exceeds 10% of the lower of the two appraisals, the two appraisers selected will select a
third appraiser who will independently appraise the Former Member’s Interest and whose appraisal will be
conclusively deemed to be the Purchase Price. The appraiser(s) appointed under this Agreement will consider all
opinions and relevant evidence submitted to them by the parties, or otherwise obtained by them, and will set forth
their determination in writing together with their opinions and the considerations on which the opinions are based,
with a signed counterpart to be delivered to each party, within 60 days after commencing the appraisal. The Former
Member and the Company will each pay one-half of the cost of any appraisal(s).

          8.4       Determination of Purchaser. Within ten days after the Purchase Price is determined, the
Manager(s) will notify the Members other than the Former Member (the “Remaining Member(s)”) as to the
Purchase Price as determined in accordance with Section 8.2. Within ten days after the Manager(s) give notice of
the Purchase Price, each Remaining Member will notify the Manager(s) in writing of that Member’s desire to
purchase a portion of the Former Member’s Interest. The failure of any Remaining Member to submit a notice
within this period will constitute an election by that Member not to purchase any of the Former Member’s Interest.
Each Remaining Member electing to purchase will be entitled to buy a portion of the Former Member’s Interest in
the same proportion that the Percentage Interest of the Remaining Member bears to the aggregate of the Percentage
Interests of all the Remaining Member(s) electing to buy the Former Member’s Interest.

                  If in accordance with this Section 8.4 any Remaining Member elects to purchase none or less than
all that Remaining Member’s pro rata share of the Former Member’s Interest, the other Remaining Member(s) can



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
