                                                                                               00000041.0
to obtain such third party’s consent to our access in the same manner as you would to obtain such a consent
for purposes of gaining access for your employees and agents.

          3.4    Restaurant Opening.

          You agree to notify us in writing promptly when a Restaurant is fully developed and ready to operate
and you have received from the health department or other applicable government authority a written
authorization to open your Restaurant to the public. We will give to you a written authorization to open
when: i) all of your pre-opening obligations have been fulfilled; ii) pre-opening training of applicable
Restaurant staff has been completed; iii) all Initial License Fees and other amounts due us (and/or any
Affiliate) have been paid; iv) all of the Panda Express Design Standards and other Facility and Restaurant
premises requirements are met, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; v) the Restaurant
is fully staffed to the minimum levels required in the Manuals; and vi) we have received copies of all
insurance policies and other documents required under this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
executed versions of any or all of the following exhibits, as we require: Exhibits 2.1, 2.1 E., 3.1, 3.3, 8.1,
10.3, and 19.12, as well as Schedule 1.

          3.5    Relocation of Restaurant.

         Any relocation of a Restaurant requires our advance written authorization, which we may withhold
or provide in our sole and absolute discretion. The foregoing notwithstanding, if a proposed relocation is to
another site within the Facility in which the applicable Restaurant then operates, our authorization to such
relocation will not be unreasonably withheld.

4.        EQUIPMENT, FIXTURES, AND SYSTEMS.

        You agree to use and maintain in each Restaurant such equipment, furniture, fixtures, computers,
hardware, software, and systems as may be required by us in the Manuals, under System Standards or in
other written specifications. You are solely responsible for the operation, maintenance and upgrading of all
such items and systems in each Restaurant. Licensee must participate in programs and/or adhere to any
then current policies or specifications Licensor develops, maintains or requires from time to time with
respect to the use of Artificial Intelligence in connection with the development and operation of Restaurants
generally or the Restaurants.

5.        TRAINING AND GUIDANCE.

          5.1    Training.

         A.       The assistance and training which Licensee and Licensee's employees will require will vary
according to the ability, experience and motivation of the individuals involved. You must schedule your
training session no less than ninety (90) days before your opening and complete your training at least three
(3) weeks before your opening. To enable sustainable, top-quality execution from the first day of operation,
it is imperative that management, Front of House Staff (FOH) and Back of House Staff (BOH) are properly
trained in Panda Express procedures. Therefore, prior to opening a Restaurant, management, FOH and
BOH must successfully complete their applicable initial training program, inclusive of any applicable pre-
work instruction requirements, at your sole expense and pass any applicable position certification test. We
may require or recommend to you in the Manual or other written publication minimum staffing levels based
on quality service standards and our Affiliate’s operational experience, but you are solely responsible for
ensuring appropriate staffing levels are met to capably and efficiently maintain Restaurant operations
consistent with Panda Express standards and specifications. We reserve the right to require the Designated
Individual to complete Store Manager training and obtain related certifications.

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 5
