                                                                                                 00000041.0
We may require you to pre-pay any reasonable charges connected with our review and evaluation of any
proposal. We’ll notify you of our decision within a reasonable time after our receipt of all required information
and the third-party ordering and delivery service agreement. We may approve, or revoke or deny approval,
of any third-party ordering and delivery service in our sole and absolute discretion. Designation of a third-
party ordering and delivery service may be conditioned on factors, including without limitation, our right to
obtain and verify gross sales placed through the third-party ordering and delivery service platform and
amount of service charges paid to the third-party ordering and delivery service, the third-party ordering and
delivery service standard for handling food, order and delivery. If we deem appropriate, you shall include
us as a party or third-party beneficiary to the ordering and delivery service agreement between the third-
party ordering and delivery service and you. Failure to get our approval shall be a default under this
Agreement for which we may terminate this Agreement or charge liquidated damages equal to 8% of two
times of any amount not being reported for the calculation of Royalty including any third-party delivery
service fee. In such event, we have the right to conduct a full audit of your sales. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in the foregoing will be construed to require us to approve any particular third-party
ordering and delivery service, and to the extent permissible under then applicable law, we will have the
right to designate a single approved third-party food service or limit the number of approved third-party food
service for Panda Express Restaurants, as we deem appropriate, and contract for rebates, discounts,
allowances or other benefits with any such sole third-party ordering and delivery service or other approved
third-party delivery service.

11.       MARKETING.

          11.1   In-Store Promotional Materials.

         A.      You agree to purchase before the opening of any Restaurant from us and/or our designated
supplier(s) an initial supply of Panda Express promotional materials customarily used/displayed in a
Restaurant and specified by us, including but not limited to banners, sneeze guard slats/bursts, counter
cards, menu boards, display cases and windows, and translights, subject to any required Client approval.
You and we will mutually agree to a signage package prior to commencement of operations. Subject to any
applicable Client’s required approval, you agree to maintain a supply of promotional materials for prominent
display on site as are then customarily displayed in Panda Express Restaurants we or an Affiliate of ours
own and as may be required by us to be consistent with Panda Express brand image. If we or an Affiliate
of ours supply any of these materials, we can require you to purchase them at cost, plus shipping expenses,
and reserve the right to charge a commercially reasonable markup to cover processing, handling and other
related expenses.

        B.      Neither party is required to honor any coupon, discount or similar promotion undertaken by
the other party or the other party’s Affiliates and/or Restaurant(s), subject to our rights reserved under
Section 11.2, below.

          11.2   Advertising by You.

         All advertising for your Restaurants must be conducted by you in a professional manner and must
conform to the highest ethical advertising standards and to policies prescribed by us. All advertising,
promotional, or marketing plans and materials that you use in connection with the Restaurants shall be
developed by us or require our prior written approval before use, which we may grant or withhold in our
sole discretion. You have the right to establish prices independently, subject to our rights to require you to
honor promotional, coupon and discount programs that we may implement from time to time and to follow
minimum and maximum pricing policies we may establish, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law. You agree not to use any materials or programs disapproved by us. You agree that you shall not use
or display the Marks in connection with any use of the Internet, World Wide Web or other electronic media

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 27
