claimed by the Company or the allocations of items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit among the Members
may not be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service.

          12.19 Indemnity. The Member will indemnify the Company, each Manager, each other Member, and
any officers, directors, shareholders, Manager(s), members, employees, partners, agents, attorneys, registered
representatives, and control persons and Affiliates of any of them who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or
investigative, by reason of or arising from any misrepresentation or misstatement of facts or omission to represent or
state facts made by the Member including the information in this Agreement, against losses, liabilities, and expenses
of the Company, each Manager, each other Member, and any officers, directors, shareholders, Manager(s),
members, employees, partners, attorneys, accountants, agents, registered representatives, and control persons and
Affiliates of any of them (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement, payable as
incurred) incurred by the person in connection with the action, suit, proceeding, or the like.

                                                   Article 13
                                                MISCELLANEOUS

         13.1 Complete Agreement. This Agreement and the Articles constitute the complete and exclusive
statement of agreement among the Members and the Manager(s) with respect to their subject matters and replace
and supersede all prior written and oral agreements or statements by and among the Members and the Manager(s) or
any of them. No representation, statement, condition or warranty not contained in this Agreement or the Articles
will be binding on the Members or the Manager(s) or have any effect whatsoever. To the extent that any provision
of the Articles conflict with any provision of this Agreement, the Articles will control. Nothing in this Agreement or
in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations Citadel Panda Express, Inc. made in
the franchise disclosure document that furnished to Company.

         13.2 Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement that limit the rights of the Members
to Transfer their Membership Interests in the Company and other rights under this Agreement, this Agreement will
bind and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, assigns, personal representatives, and successors of the
Members and the Manager(s).

         13.3 Parties in Interest. Except as expressly provided in the Act, nothing in this Agreement will (a)
confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the Members and the
Manager(s) and their respective successors and assigns, (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any
third person to any party to this Agreement, or (c) give any third person any right of subrogation or action over or
against any party to this Agreement.

          13.4 Interpretation. Reference to any law or regulation includes all amendments, modifications, or
replacements of the specific sections and provisions concerned. All headings are for convenience of reference and
will not be considered in the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Any recitals above,
and any exhibits or schedules referred to and/or attached to this Agreement, are incorporated by reference into this
Agreement. Numbered or lettered articles, and (sub)sections contained in this Agreement refer to articles and
(sub)sections of this Agreement unless otherwise expressly stated. lf any claim is made by any Member relating to
any conflict, omission, or ambiguity in this Agreement, no presumption or burden of proof or persuasion will be
implied by virtue of the fact that this Agreement was prepared by or at the request of a particular person or the
person’s counsel. The remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and will not exclude any other remedies to
which any person may be lawfully entitled.

          13.5 Governing Law. This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with laws of the
State of ____________ without regard to conflict of laws principles.

         13.6 Disputed Matters. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any controversy or dispute
arising out of this Agreement, the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof, or the action or inaction of any
Member or Manager(s) hereunder will be submitted to binding arbitration in _______________ County,



Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
