                                                                                                00000041.0
assets do not meet System Standards and to require you to correct the deficiency(s). You shall take all
steps needed to correct each deficiency within the timeframe(s) then required by us;

                 a) in addition to such ongoing Store Maintenance Activities and at your expense, you shall
                 renovate, update, remodel and otherwise conform each Restaurant to meet then current
                 Restaurant Trade Dress, design, appearance and other image standards, as we require
                 (collectively, a “Brand Refresh”) in the fifth (5th) year of the Operating Term of each
                 Restaurant; and

                 b) in addition to Store Maintenance Activities and a Brand Refresh and at your expense,
                 we can require you to perform a complete Restaurant update (a “Complete Update”) as a
                 condition to our award of a successor term for a Restaurant or our consent to a transfer of
                 a Restaurant, as provided in Sections 15.3 and 14.3, respectively, such that the Restaurant
                 and its operations meet all specifications and standards then-applicable for new Panda
                 Express Restaurants and as provided in the Manuals, which can involve major remodeling,
                 renovations and improvements to each applicable Restaurant, as we may require.

                  We will give you written notice of Brand Refresh and Complete Update requirement(s) and
of the time period in which they must be met, which will be reasonably established by us. You shall have no
more than a ten (10) day period to replace items costing Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) or less, a twenty
(20) day period to replace items costing One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or less, and, for items
costing more than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), we and you shall mutually agree upon a
replacement time period, which shall in no event be more than forty five (45) days. Drawings and plans for
the completion of major remodeling updates must be approved by us in writing prior to start of work and we
may require you to use our preferred contractor to perform any Brand Refresh and/or a Complete Update.
You will not alter your Restaurant or its appearance as originally approved by us without our prior written
approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we acknowledge that the timing of remodeling, renovations,
maintenance and repairs may be subject to Client restraints, including the possible necessity of scheduling
such activities in accordance with venue specific timeframes, such as semester breaks on school campuses.

                   If your Restaurant is damaged or destroyed by an event of Force Majeure, which shall include
but not be limited to damage and destruction due to fire and water, you must initiate within sixty (60) days
(and continue diligently until completion) all repairs or reconstruction necessary to restore your Restaurant to
its original condition. If necessary, you may request approval to relocate your Restaurant to another location;
however, any request to relocate and the time period for such relocation will be subject to our reasonable
approval.

                 2)       to obtain from approved sources and maintain all Designated Equipment and other
fixtures and items specified for your use in the operation of your Restaurants and to replace the same from
time to time including, but not limited to, promotional items, menu boards and internal displays and display
structures. You are required to replace items that are obsolete, impaired or require replacement according
to any replacement schedule published in the Manuals or otherwise provided to you, or as reasonably
determined by us to maintain Panda Express brand image.

                3)       to maintain sufficient inventories, adequately staff each shift with qualified
employees and use your reasonable commercial efforts to operate each Restaurant at its maximum
capacity and efficiency during operating hours, which shall not be less than that of any other restaurant
operation in the Facility. You shall reasonably determine the days and hours of operation for each
Restaurant, subject to our written acceptance, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. You need not
operate the Restaurant during holiday or other breaks when the Facility in which the Restaurant is located
is closed. You agree at your sole expense that employees working at the Restaurant will wear the then-

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 18
