                                                                                                 00000041.0
Manuals, which are included for the protection of the brand and the goodwill associated therewith, you shall
have complete operational control of your business and its day to day operations, including the right to hire
and fire each employee and to make all decisions relating to staffing, scheduling, wages, discipline and
other terms and conditions of their employment. Nothing in this Agreement or in your and our course of
conduct is intended or shall be construed to create, state or imply an employer-employee, co-employer or
joint employer relationship, partnership, joint venture, agency or fiduciary or special relationship between
you and us or between you and any Affiliate of ours. At no time will your employees be, or be deemed to
be, our employees or the employees of any Affiliate of ours.

          7.2    No Liability for Acts of Other Party.

       Neither you nor we will represent that your and our relationship is anything other than that of
independent Licensor and Licensee. Neither you nor we will have any liability under any acts, omissions,
agreements or representations made by the other which are not expressly authorized in writing.

          7.3    Taxes.

           Payment of all taxes related to your Licensed Business is your sole responsibility. We have no
liability for any taxes on the sales made and/or business conducted by you. You agree to pay to us an
amount equal to all sales taxes, excise taxes, use taxes, withholding taxes, and similar taxes imposed by
taxing authorities on the fees or other amounts you pay us and on goods or services we furnish to you,
unless the tax is an income tax assessed on us for doing business in the state(s) in which your Restaurant(s)
is/are located. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, if any amount or fee of any kind that you
owe us under this Agreement is subject to any gross receipts taxes, value added taxes, sales taxes, use
taxes, personal property taxes or similar taxes imposed on or required to be collected or paid by us, we
reserve the right to require you to pay us an additional amount so that the amount of the payment we
actually receive from you after such deduction, payment or withholding is taken is equal to the full amount
due from you under this Agreement. If you are legally required to withhold tax on any payments that you
must make to us, then you must timely remit to the appropriate authorities all withholding and/or other such
amounts due. You will deliver to us proof of payment within five (5) days of the date made. You also will
take such other steps as may be reasonably required to enable us to obtain any available tax credit. You
agree to pay us all amounts that we may advance, pay, or become obliged to pay on your behalf for any
reason.

          7.4    Responsibility, Indemnity.

          A.      You will indemnify, defend and hold us and all of the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities
harmless from all fines, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, actions, losses, loss of reputation, damages,
costs, (including attorneys’ fees and related expenses) and/or any other liability of any kind or nature, which
shall include, without limitation, all losses, expenses, damages, costs, settlement amounts, judgments, and
attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, investigation or
inquiry (formal or informal), or any settlement thereof (whether or not a formal proceeding or action has been
instituted) (“Claim”) which arises out of or is otherwise connected with and/or related to and/or based upon
i) the business conducted by you, or ii) any act, error and/or omission of yours, including, but not limited to,
your ownership, development and/or management of any Restaurant and/or any transfer of any interest in
this Agreement, or iii) any negligent acts or breach of contract, regulation or duty imposed by law by you or
any of your agents, servants, employees, contractors, partners, Affiliates or representatives, or (iv) any actual
or alleged claim that we and you are joint employers of any of your employees or personnel, except to the
extent of any injury to or death of persons or damage to or destruction of property is due solely to our gross
negligence and/or our breach of the terms of this Agreement. You acknowledge that this obligation to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor-Related Persons/Entities for costs and expenses, as

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                              Page 10
