                                                                                               00000041.0
customer loyalty programs or a mobile or other payment capability/app/program. In such an event, we may
offer you an opportunity or require you to participate in such programs. In that event, you agree to comply
at your expense with the terms of any gift card, gift certificate or loyalty or other rewards program and any
mobile or other payment capability/app/program, including without limitation all policies and procedures
relating to sales, issuance and redemption and payment of related fees and costs. You will honor all gift
cards in the form we provide or approve, if so required by us and regardless of whether issued directly or
indirectly by you, us or another Panda Express Restaurant, and will timely make any payments due to us
or a designee for gift cards you have sold. You must comply with processes for requests for reimbursement
for goods and services sold in exchange for gift cards, and you may be required to sign a participation
agreement as a condition to your involvement in any gift card, gift certificate or customer loyalty programs.
You are solely responsible for and agree to indemnify us and Licensor-Related Persons/Entities in
connection with any and all claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities, compliance costs, and damages
incurred by or resulting from any breach of electronic personal information caused by you, your system or
your processes in connection with any gift card, gift certificate or customer loyalty programs or by any
mobile or other payment capability/app/program used in connection with your Restaurant(s).

        D.       You acknowledge the importance of operating the Restaurant in full compliance with this
Agreement and the System Standards, and that any deviation from any contractual requirement, including
any Brand Standard, is a violation of this Agreement and will trigger incalculable administrative and
management costs for us to address the violation (separate and apart from any damages your violation
might cause to the System, Franchisor’s business opportunities, or the goodwill associated with the Marks).
Therefore, you agree to be pay Non-Compliance Fees to us as and when applicable, which Non-
Compliance Fees are a reasonable estimate of our administrative and management costs and not a penalty.
We need not give you a cure opportunity before charging the Non-Compliance Fees, and charging the Non-
Compliance Fee does not prevent us from seeking to recover damages to the System, our business
opportunities, or the goodwill associated with the Marks due to your violation, seeking injunctive relief to
restrain any subsequent or continuing violation, and/or formally defaulting you and terminating this
Agreement in accordance with its terms.

          10.2   Designated Equipment, Products, Services and/or Suppliers.

        A.       You agree to purchase, use and offer such Designated Equipment, Products and Services,
as are specified by us in the System Standards from time to time, but is subject to change.

          B.      You and we acknowledge and agree uniform and quality Products, Services and Panda
Express brand image are important to you, us and the good will associated with the System. Therefore,
you agree to purchase all goods, products and supplies used in your Restaurant(s) exclusively from us, our
Affiliates, or suppliers designated by us in our sole discretion, unless otherwise authorized by us in writing.
Such an authorization will not be unreasonably withheld if you have a contractual relationship with a vendor
of a non-Proprietary Product that pre-dates the Effective Date of this Agreement, but any such authorization
may be limited to the current term of any pre-existing contract.

         C.      We may designate a single or multiple suppliers for any given item or service in our sole
and absolute discretion. You can request the approval of an item, service or supplier by notifying us in
writing and submitting such information and/or materials and/or samples as we may request. We may
require you to pre-pay any reasonable charges connected with our review and evaluation of any proposal.
We’ll notify you of our decision within a reasonable time after our receipt of all required
information/materials/samples. We may approve, or revoke or deny approval, of particular items or
suppliers in our sole and absolute discretion. Designation of a supplier may be conditioned on factors,
including without limitation, performance relating to frequency of delivery, standards of service, product
quality, and payment or other consideration to us or designees. Additionally, we have an unrestricted right

                                 Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 20
