                 6.2    Certain Matters Relating to Receivables. The Creditor shall have the right
to make test verifications of the Receivables in any manner and through any medium that it
reasonably considers advisable, and the Obligor shall furnish all such assistance and information
as the Creditor may require in connection with such test verifications. At any time and from time
to time, upon the Creditor’s request, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default and at the expense of the Obligor, the Obligor shall cause independent
public accountants or others satisfactory to the Creditor to furnish to the Creditor showing
reconciliations, aging and test verifications of, and trial balances for, the Receivables. At the
Creditor's request, the Obligor shall deliver to the Creditor all original and other documents
evidencing, and relating to, the agreements and transactions which gave rise to the Receivables,
including, without limitation, all original orders, invoices and shipping receipts. The Creditor in
its own name or in the name of others may at any time communicate with obligors under the
Receivables to verify with them to the Creditor's satisfaction the existence, amount and terms of
any Receivables, provided that the Creditor will not make communications in its own name
unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Obligor shall remain liable under each of the Receivables to observe and
perform all the conditions and obligations to be observed and performed by it thereunder, all in
accordance with the terms of any agreement giving rise thereto. The Creditor shall not have any
obligation or liability under any Receivable (or any agreement giving rise thereto), by reason of
or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Creditor of any payment relating thereto,
nor shall the Creditor be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of the
Obligor under or pursuant to any Receivable (or any agreement giving rise thereto) to make any
payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment received by it or
as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party thereunder, to present or file any claim, to
take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may
have been assigned to it or to which it may be entitled at any time or times.

         7.     RELEASE OF COLLATERAL. Except for (i) sales or other dispositions of
Inventory made prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default that are in the ordinary course of
the Obligor's business and not prohibited by any provision contained in the Financing
Documents and (ii) sales or other dispositions of Collateral for which the Obligor obtains the
prior written consent of the Creditor (collectively, "Permitted Sales"), the Obligor shall not sell,
lease, license or otherwise dispose of the Collateral, or any part thereof or any interest therein.
Concurrently with any Permitted Sale, the Security Interest shall automatically be released from
the property so disposed of; provided, however, that the Security Interest shall continue in the
proceeds thereof.

       8.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of
Default by the Obligor:

               (a)    The failure of the Obligor to pay any Obligation of the Obligor to the
Creditor within 10 days from when due;

              (b)     The failure of any Other Obligor to pay any Obligation, liability or
indebtedness of such Other Obligor to the Creditor when due;


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
