                                                                                         00000041.0
        This Release Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to
this Release Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

       The rule that an agreement is to be construed against the party drafting the agreement is
hereby waived by the parties hereto, and shall have no applicability in construing this Release
Agreement or the terms of this Release Agreement.

         Any provision of this Release Agreement which is prohibited, unenforceable or not au-
thorized in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition, unenforceability or non-authorization without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof or affecting the validity, enforceability or legality of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         Each of the parties acknowledges that it had the right and opportunity to seek independent
legal counsel of its own choosing in connection with the execution of this Release Agreement, and
each of the parties represents that it has either done so or that it has voluntarily declined to do so,
free from coercion, duress or fraud.

         This Release Agreement supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements, oral or
written, with respect to its subject matter. The Release Agreement may not be amended except in
a writing signed by all of the parties. No representations, warranties, agreements or covenants
have been made with respect to this Release Agreement, and in executing this Release
Agreement, none of the parties is relying upon any representation, warranty, agreement or
covenant not set forth herein.

          This Release Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of California, without reference to conflict of law principles. Any
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Release Agreement or any alleged breach
hereof, including any issues pertaining to the arbitrability of such controversy or claim and any claim
that this Release Agreement or any part hereof is invalid, illegal, or otherwise voidable or void, shall
be submitted to binding arbitration in the same manner and subject to the same exceptions as
provided in the License Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.



        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Release Agreement as of
the date set forth above.

“Company”                                                    “Licensee”

CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC.

By:                                                          By:_______________________




  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                       Page 91
