     (NOTE: WE HAVE NOT REGISTERED TO SELL FRANCHISES IN THIS STATE UNLESS
      A REGISTRATION IS NOTED ON THE LIST OF STATE REGISTRATIONS FOLLOWING
       THE COVER PAGE TO THIS DOCUMENT. WE MAY AWARD A FRANCHISE IN THIS
      STATE IF WE ARE REGISTERED IN THIS STATE OR A TRANSACTION IS QUALIFIED
                UNDER AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION)

                                      MINNESOTA ADDENDUM
                                TO THE CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC.
                      FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

1.   Minnesota Statutes §80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be
     conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document or Agreement can abrogate
     or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any
     procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of jurisdiction.

2.   With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with Minnesota Statues
     Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee
     be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the
     License Agreement.

3.   Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and Article 7 of the License Agreement are modified with
     respect to Minnesota Franchisees as follows: The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that the
     Franchisor indemnify Minnesota Franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third
     parties that the Franchisee’s use of the Franchisor’s trademarks or service marks infringes trademark rights
     of some third party. The Franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of the Franchisee’s use
     of the Franchisor’s trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise (and to the extent
     validly required as a condition to registration), and, as a condition to indemnification, the Franchisee must
     provide notice to the Franchisor of any such claim within 10 business days and tender the defense of claim
     to the Franchisor. If the Franchisor accepts the tender of defense, the Franchisor has the right to manage
     the defense of the claim including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and to
     determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.

4.   Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving its rights to a jury trial or waiving its rights to
     any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction, or consenting to liquidated
     damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. To the extent the License Agreement is inconsistent
     with this Rule, to the extent applicable, the Rule will control.

5.   Any releases required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to claims that
     may arise under the Minnesota Franchises Law.

6.   Section 19.1 H of the Agreement and of the attachment to Personal Guaranty (Exhibit 19.12 to the
     Agreement) are modified to state that either party shall be entitled to seek preliminary or interim injunctive
     or provisional relief by a court or by arbitration (including, but not limited to, a temporary restraining order
     and preliminary injunction, all without bond, unless a court or arbitrator determines a bond is required)
     without showing or proving any actual damage, until such time as a final and binding determination is made
     by the arbitrator.

7.   Section 5 of the Prospective Licensee Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement (Exhibit H of the
     Disclosure Document) is modified to provide that Prospective Licensee agrees that a breach of the
     Agreement may cause continuing and irreparable injury to the Licensor as a direct result of any violation,
     for which the remedies at law may be inadequate, and that Licensor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief
     to prevent any violations of this Agreement and other appropriate remedies and relief.

     Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
     Minnesota Addendum
