the Security Interest or the priority thereof, including the discharging of any prior or subsequent
lien or adverse claim against any Collateral thereof which is not permitted hereunder; (ii) any
attempt to collect the Obligations or enforce any rights of the Creditor, whether under this
Agreement or other Financing Documents, or otherwise, against the Obligor or any other person
under the Financing Documents; (iii) any litigation, dispute or proceeding (whether instituted by
the Creditor or any other person) in any way relating to Collateral, this Agreement, the other
Financing Documents or the Obligor's affairs; or (iv) any amounts expended by the Creditor
under Section 5.5 or Section 6; or (v) the inspection, verification, protection, collection, sale,
liquidation or other disposition of Collateral. Additionally, if any taxes or charges shall be
payable on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Financing
Documents or the creation of any of the Obligations by reason of any existing or hereafter
enacted federal, state or other regulation or statute (including any foreign country's regulations or
statutes), the Obligor will pay all such taxes and charges, including any interest and/or penalty
thereon, and will indemnify and hold the Creditor harmless from and against liability in
connection therewith. All obligations under this Section 10 shall constitute additional
Obligations secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at the same rate as provided for the
largest amount of other Obligations.

         11.    ASSIGNMENT BY THE CREDITOR. The Obligor agrees that the Creditor may
assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any of the other Financing Documents, and may
deliver all or any of the Collateral to the transferee(s), who shall thereupon become vested with
all the powers and rights in respect thereto given to the Creditor herein or in the Financing
Documents transferred, and the Creditor shall thereafter be fully discharged from any liability or
responsibility with respect thereto, all without prejudice to the retention by the Creditor of all
rights and powers hereby given with respect to any Financing Documents, instruments, rights or
property not so transferred.

        12.     REMEDIES NOT EXCLUSIVE; FORECLOSURES. No right or remedy
hereunder is exclusive of any other right or remedy. Each and every right and remedy shall be
cumulative and shall be in addition to and without prejudice to every other remedy given
hereunder, under any other agreement between the Obligor and the Creditor or now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity, and may be exercised from time to time as often as deemed
expedient, separately or concurrently. The giving, taking or enforcement of or execution against
any other or additional security, collateral, or guaranty for the payment of the Obligations shall
not operate to prejudice, waive or affect any rights, powers or remedies hereunder, nor shall the
Creditor be required to first look to, enforce, exhaust or execute against such other or additional
security, or guarantees prior to so acting against the Collateral. The Creditor may foreclose on or
execute against the items of Collateral in such order as the Creditor may, in its sole and
unfettered discretion, determine.

        13.     WAIVERS. The failure or delay of the Creditor to insist in any instances upon
the performance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or other
Financing Documents, or to exercise any right, remedy or privilege herein or therein conferred,
shall not impair or be construed as thereafter waiving any such covenants, remedies, conditions
or provisions, but every such term, condition and covenant shall continue and remain in full
force and effect; nor shall any waiver of an Event of Default suspend, waive or affect any other

Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
Security Agreement
