        Many states and cities also regulate foodware and foodservice packaging items. Some
cities ban plastic straws and other single-use items. Some states also now require a certain
amount of post-consumer recycled content or restrict or prohibit the use of certain types of
Styrofoam and plastic. Additionally, state extended producer responsibility laws could ultimately
place reporting and other obligations on restaurant chains that distribute branded items.

       Additionally, in January 2026, many restaurants will be required to keep certain key data
elements when such restaurants receive food that is on the FDA’s food traceability list. If a
restaurant must keep such key data elements, it must keep the specific data required by FDA and
must be able to make such information available to FDA via an electronic sortable spreadsheet.

       You should investigate whether there are regulations and requirements that apply in the
geographic area in which you want to locate your licensed business. You also should consider
both their effect and the cost of compliance.

          Your Restaurant will compete with other restaurants, which may include Panda Express
Restaurants operated or developed by our Affiliates, as noted above. The market for your
services is developed and will be the general public. However, since your Restaurant is likely to
be located in a “captive facility,” such as an airport, military base, university, mall or other similar
facility, your market will likely be limited to those persons using or frequenting your facility, which
may house competing food concepts.

          This Panda Express license offering is made exclusively by Citadel Panda Express, Inc.
It is not being made by PEI, PRG, or any other Affiliate, person or entity. No person or entity other
than us will have any licensing relationship with you or any responsibility for our obligations under
the License Agreement.

        This Disclosure Document describes some of the terms and conditions on which we
currently offer licenses in this state. The actual provisions of the Agreement and related
documents will control and you should refer to the Agreement and the other documents for more
complete information. You are urged to review carefully all documents, including this Disclosure
Document, with independent advisors, such as an attorney and accountant. They can provide
legal, business or economic guidance.

        Any business venture, whether licensed or not, necessarily involves risk of loss or failure.
The purchase of a Panda Express Restaurant license is a speculative investment and significant
investment beyond that outlined in this Disclosure Document may be required to succeed. There
exists no guaranty against loss or failure in this or any other business, and the most important
factors in the success of your Panda Express business are your business, marketing, judgment
and other skills. We do not guarantee your success or any sales or profits or otherwise, and you
may lose all of your investment.

ITEM 2:        BUSINESS EXPERIENCE.

       Andrew Jin-Chan Cherng – Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Co-Chief
       Executive Officer

      Mr. Cherng has been our Chairman of the Board of Directors since our inception in 1990
and was our President until January, 1995. He has also served as the Chairman of the Board of


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025                       4
