                     CITADEL PANDA EXPRESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       DECEMBER 28, 2024 AND DECEMBER 30, 2023




NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses
         Trade receivables are carried at their estimated collectible amounts. Trade credit is
         generally extended on a short-term basis; thus, trade receivables do not bear interest,
         although a finance charge may be applied to such receivables that are past due. Trade
         accounts receivable are periodically evaluated for collectability based on past credit history
         with customers and their current financial condition. As of December 28, 2024 and
         December 30, 2023, an allowance for credit losses was unwarranted.

         Property and Equipment
         Properties purchased are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
         basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

                    Airplanes                                                  15 Years
                    Buildings and Improvements                           10 to 20 Years
                    Leasehold Improvements              Shorter of Life or Lease Terms
                    Restaurant Equipment                                        5 Years
                    Furniture and Fixtures                                      7 Years
                    Vehicles                                                    5 Years

         Income Taxes
         The Company has elected to be taxed as an S Corporation. Pursuant to this election, the


         thirteen periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. The California
         franchise tax is the minimum of $800 or 1.5% of net income.

         The Company has entered into a license agreement with entities in several countries.
         Withholding tax rates ranging from 0% to 15% apply to payments made by the foreign
         licensees to the Company which represents a provisional payment of annual tax.

         Concentration of Credit Risk
         Financial instruments that subject the Company to credit risk consist primarily of cash and
         accounts receivable. The Company maintains cash balances in high quality financial
         institutions, which are insured up to statutory limits. For the thirteen periods ended
         December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, approximately 25% and 29% of revenue was
         attributable to two customers, respectively. Four and two customers comprised
         approximately 54% and 38% of accounts receivable at December 28, 2024 and
         December 30, 2023, respectively.

         Use of Estimates
         The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
         management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
         and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
         consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
         during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                                                (11)
