                                                                                                   00000041.0
described above, also expressly applies to any Claim from persons employed by or providing services to
you involving allegations of a violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health
Act, any state workers compensation act, any state wage and hour or unemployment compensation benefit
law or regulation, or any other federal, state or local employment or employee benefit law or regulation, and
regardless of the basis of alleged liability, whether joint employer, ostensible agency, vicarious liability or
otherwise. We shall have the right to control all litigation, and select defense counsel and/or settle any
claim, against and/or including us and/or the Licensor-Related Persons/Entities, or affecting our and/or their
interests, in such manner as we deem appropriate in our sole and absolute discretion, without affecting
indemnification rights under this Agreement. This indemnification obligation shall survive the Termination
or expiration of this Agreement.

           B.       In the case where notice has been given solely to us, the above indemnification by you is
predicated upon you being informed of any Claim after receipt of same by us and our providing reasonable
assistance and cooperation to enable you to defend the Claim, subject to indemnification hereunder. At your
sole but reasonable cost, we may undertake the defense of any Claim or demand, subject to indemnification
hereunder, and supervise all settlement negotiations related thereto. If a proposed settlement were to result
in liability or financial contribution by you, we shall not settle the Claim, demand or proceeding without your
prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. You
acknowledge that our election to undertake the defense or settlement of a Claim or demand subject to
indemnification hereunder will in no way be construed as diminishing or extinguishing your obligation to
indemnify and hold us harmless. This obligation is in addition to your obligation to purchase insurance as
provided in Section 10.5.

          C.        We shall have the right, in such manner as we deem appropriate in our sole and absolute
discretion, to control all litigation, and defend and/or settle any claim, against and/or including you and/or your
Affiliates which arises out of or is based upon any third party claim that your use of the Marks or System in
accordance with the terms of the Agreement infringes, dilutes or misappropriates the intellectual property
rights of such third party. You agree to give us prompt notice of any such claim and reasonably corporate
with us in responding to and resolving any such claim. You agree that our sole liability to you for such third
party claim is that we shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless you, your Affiliates, successors and assigns
and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives of each (collectively, the
“Licensee-Related Persons/Entities”), from all losses and expenses, which shall include, without limitation, all
losses, expenses, damages, costs, settlement amounts, judgments, and attorneys’ fees, incurred in
connection with any judgment in favor of a third party which arises out of or is based upon any third party
claim that finds your use of the Marks or System in accordance with the terms of the Agreement infringes,
dilutes or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of such third party. We shall have the right to
control all litigation, and defend and/or settle any claim, against and/or including you and/or your Affiliates
and for which we indemnify you under this paragraph, in such manner as we deem appropriate in our sole
and absolute discretion. The foregoing notwithstanding, if any such judgment is due to your willful acts or
misappropriate or unapproved use of the Marks or Systems, our defense shall be at your sole cost and
expense and we shall have no indemnification obligations to you under this Section 7.4 C.

          D.      Regardless of whether the defense of any Claim is being undertaken by the parties jointly or
by either of them alone as provided in Section 7.4 B. and Section 7.4 C., the parties each agree with the other
to aid in the conduct of such defense to any reasonable extent, including furnishing each other with records
or documents related to the Claim, permitting employees connected with the Claim to testify at depositions or
in court, and complying with any other reasonable request made by the other party in furtherance of the
defense of the Claim, as long as this Agreement to jointly participate in the defense does not prejudice either
party’s rights under the law.




                                  Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                                Page 11
