members engaged in the remedial training. The charge applies for each whole/partial 8 hour day.
You are responsible for our personnel’s expenses incurred in delivering the training, including
travel, lodging, food and incidental expenses.

       We can require that your staff members sign an approved form of confidentiality and non-
disclosure agreement as a condition to participation in any training program or receipt of any
materials. You provide us copies on request.

        Additional guidance can be furnished in whatever manner we consider appropriate,
including electronically, in writing or orally. Assistance can be made available through our
selected methods, which can include web-based and other training programs and on-site
consultations. We may provide at your request on-site consultations at your Restaurant, if we
have advance notice and available personnel. If we do, we require payment of reasonable travel,
food, incidental and lodging expenses, as well as our current training fee. The fee is currently
$500 per whole/partial 8-hour day and is applicable to service days and travel days for personnel
of ours engaged in the training.

ITEM 12.       TERRITORY

        You are not obligated under the License Agreement to open a Restaurant. If you want to
establish a Restaurant, you have to obtain our advance written authorization for a specific
location. We have the option of whether or not to authorize you to operate one or more your
Restaurants under the License Agreement. You are not given any options or rights of refusal on
any additional location. When a location is authorized, you will not be awarded any “protected”
or “reserved” territorial or other rights. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that we or our Affiliates control.

        We can locate or consent to the location and operation anywhere of other Panda Express
(or any other brand) restaurants or other distribution channels of any type, including grocery
outlets. We reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog
sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, and to make sales of any products or
services anywhere using the Marks or other trademarks. We and our Affiliates can develop or
become associated with other concepts, including dual branding and other license systems, for
any kind of products or services. You do not have any rights with respect to other or related
business operations, concepts, products or services in which we or our Affiliates may be involved,
now or in the future. We do not have to compensate you for any sales we or our Affiliates may
make.

       We and our Affiliates can acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any
transaction with other businesses. These other businesses can compete with Panda Express
Restaurants, including your Restaurants, and can have restaurants located anywhere. One of
these transactions could require that brand conversions to or from the Marks and System be
made by your Restaurants. If this type of conversion occurs, you agree to participate promptly at
your expense, including all costs associated with re-branding.

         Under our current policy, there are no restrictions on the location of customers you may
solicit to patronize your Restaurant. Neither we, nor our Affiliates, nor our licensees are restricted
from soliciting customers anywhere.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                 40
