                                                                                              00000041.0
18.       DISPOSITION OF PRODUCT AND INVENTORY ON CERTAIN TERMINATIONS.

          18.1   On Termination by You for Default by Us.

        If you Terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 16.7, above, due to a default by us,
we shall repurchase all unused and usable Products and supplies inventory at the Terminated
Restaurant(s) at your cost for such inventory. We will bear the de-identification costs for the applicable
Restaurant(s). You agree that except as specifically provided in this Section 18, we shall not have any other
payment obligations to you and you do not have, and hereby waive, any claim for costs or expenses related
to Designated Equipment, furnishings, fixtures, customized materials not usable by us, or other equipment
and/or Facility or Restaurant premises-related expenses. We reserve the right to offset any amounts owed
by you to us and/or a Licensor-Related Person/Entity against any amounts payable by us to you under this
Section 18.

          18.2   On Termination by Us for Default by You.

         If we Terminate this Agreement with respect to any or all Restaurants due to a default by you, you
acknowledge and agree that we shall have no obligation to repurchase, and you shall not receive any
payment from us or any Licensor-Related Person/Entity for, any Products or supplies inventory remaining
at any Terminated Restaurant, unless otherwise required under applicable law. Promptly at our request and
your expense, you agree to return any such Products and supplies to a location we designate and shall
bear all costs of de-identification of any Terminated Restaurant in accordance with Section 17.2 E. To the
extent that you are licensed to operate any remaining Restaurant and provided that there is no adverse
effect on quality, we will permit you to use such inventory at other Restaurants to reduce the expense of
your compliance with this Section 18.

19.       DISPUTE AVOIDANCE AND RESOLUTION.

       For the purposes of this Section 19, “you” shall be deemed to include your Affiliates, and “we” shall
be deemed to include “Licensor-Related Persons/Entities.”

          19.1   MEDIATION AND MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF RIGHT TO
                 TRIAL IN COURT.

          You and we agree as follows:

         A.     Claim Process. Any litigation, claim, dispute, suit, action, controversy, or proceeding of
any type whatsoever including any claim for equitable relief between or involving you and us on whatever
theory and/or facts based, and whether or not arising out of this Agreement, (“Claim”) will be processed in
the following manner, except as expressly provided below at Section 19.1 H.

                1)       First, submitted to non-binding mediation for a minimum of four (4) hours before
the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) or its successor or ii) before any other
mediation organization approved by all parties. We will pay the costs of the first four (4) hours of any
mediation, and no mediation is required to extend beyond such four (4) hour period. Any party may be
represented by counsel and may, with permission of the mediator, bring persons appropriate to the
proceeding.

               2)       Second, submitted to and finally resolved by binding arbitration before and in
accordance with JAMS’ (or its successor’s) then-prevailing Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and
Procedures, subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Arbitration may be filed prior to mediation, with

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                           Page 43
