                                                                                               00000041.0
name registrations as may be required under law. You will display the Marks in compliance with our
requirements and will not use the Marks so as to negatively affect their goodwill. You agree not to use any
Mark in connection with the performance or sale of any unauthorized services or products or at any location
or in any other manner not expressly authorized in writing by us. If you request or require a special use
license for a use of the Marks outside of the ordinary scope of this Agreement and the routine operation of
a Restaurant, consideration of any such special use shall be subject to our sole discretion and we can
require you to sign an independent license agreement specific to the requested use, the terms of which
may vary. You agree not to use any Mark on or in connection with any web site/page, domain name, site
directory, e-mail address or other electronic display/use, without our express written consent, which may
be withheld in our sole and absolute discretion. You will comply with all policies and requirements
established by us regarding Internet key word purchases, social network pages, videos or any other
publication on the Internet in which the Marks are used or mentioned. Upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, you will cease all use of the System and all use of the Marks in all media, including, but not
limited to, web-sites, web pages and social media. You will instruct in writing all online directories, search
engines, and other advertising publishers as necessary to take down and remove any directory listings and
advertisements for you containing the Marks and will not use or authorize the use of links or similar
reference devices associated with any use of the Marks. You will deliver copies of such instructions to us
within three (3) days of the termination or expiration of this Agreement. These requirements survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement. You agree that electronic commerce is a rapidly developing
field and that we can impose conditions and requirements in addition to the provisions of this Section 6.2
and may establish and modify policies concerning use of the Internet and you will comply with all such
policies.

          6.3    Notification of Infringements and Claims.

        You agree not to take any action that jeopardizes our interests in, or the validity or enforceability
of, the Marks. You agree to immediately notify us of any apparent or actual infringement of, or of any
challenge to your use of, the Marks. We will take such action as we deem appropriate in our sole and
absolute discretion. As owner of the Marks, we have the exclusive right to control any settlement, litigation
or proceeding arising out of or related to any such matters, and we shall be entitled to all damages awarded
based on infringement of any Mark.

          6.4    Changes in Marks.

         If we discontinue, modify, substitute or add any Mark and require licensees to do the same, you
will comply at your expense within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice thereof; provided, that any such
change must also be required to be adopted at substantially all other Panda Express Restaurants, including
those operated by us and/or an Affiliate of ours. We cannot and do not guaranty that a modification,
discontinuance or other change may not be required for any reason. We will not have any liability or
obligation to you for any modification, discontinuance, substitution, change or otherwise, except as provided
in Section 7.4 C., below.

7.        RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; INDEMNIFICATION.

          7.1    Independent Contractor.

        You are an independent contractor and will always identify yourself to all persons and in all your
Restaurant dealings as an independent owner under a Panda Express License, clearly indicating that your
Licensed Business is separate and distinct from our business. You will include notices of independent
ownership on such forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, signs and other materials as we require
from time to time in the Manuals and otherwise. Subject to the requirements of this Agreement and the

                                Panda Express — License Agreement
April 18, 2025                                                                             Page 9
