        You must follow our rules when you use these Marks. You cannot use a name or Mark
as part of a corporate name or with modifying words, designs or symbols except for those which
we have licensed to you. You may not use our Marks in connection with the sale of an
unauthorized product or service or in a manner we have not approved.

       There are currently no effective determinations of the USPTO, Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, any pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceeding or any pending material litigation involving these
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or other commercial symbols which are
relevant to their use in this state or the state in which your License is to be located.

       Except for the IP Licensing Agreement, we have no agreements presently in effect that
would significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of the Marks which are material to you.

        You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, your use
of any Mark or of any claim to a Mark. We, or PRG, can choose to take whatever action we think
is appropriate. We and PRG have the right to control any litigation or other proceeding arising
out of any claim relating to any Mark, including the right to direct any settlement of the claims.

       You should understand that there is always a possibility that there might be one or more
restaurant-type businesses operating in or near the area where you may do business which uses
a name, marks or trade dress similar to ours. They may have superior rights to the name or
Marks. We strongly urge you to research this possibility, using telephone directories, local filings
and other means, before you pay any money, sign any documents or make any binding
commitments.

       We are not aware of any superior rights or infringing uses that might materially affect
licensees’ use of the Marks.

        You must comply, at your expense, with our directions to modify or otherwise discontinue
any use of the Marks or to use a different Mark. We will not have any liability to you if we do so.
However, we will indemnify you for costs and expenses you incur because of a finding against us
on a third-party infringement claim that results from your proper use of the Marks.

ITEM 14.       PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

        PRG holds a utility patent on a wok support ring with devices for imparting a rocking motion
to a wok (the wok support ring). As long as this item is required or approved equipment for use
in a Panda Express Restaurant under your License Agreement, you can use the wok support ring
in your operations. The patent was issued February 16, 2010 under Patent No. US 7,661,421,
with a term of 20 years from the filing date of May 20, 2005, plus a maximum Patent Term
Adjustment of 637 days. If all applicable Patent Maintenance Fees are timely paid, this Patent
could be enforceable until April 26, 2028.

        Under the Agreement, we commit to indemnify you for all losses, expenses, damages,
costs, settlement amounts, judgments, and attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with any
judgment in favor of a third party which arises out of or is based upon any third party claim that
finds your use of the Marks or System in accordance with the terms of the Agreement infringes,
dilutes or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of such third party.


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 18, 2025
                                                                                                 47
