to anyone other than affiliates, employees, partners, officers, agents or consultants who (i) have
a need to know in connection with evaluating the license, (ii) have been advised of the
information’s confidential status, and (iii) agree to abide by the restrictions on use and disclosure
included in this Agreement. Prospective Licensee shall be fully responsible for the compliance
by such persons and entities with this Agreement.

         3.     Disclosures Required by Law. If Prospective Licensee becomes legally
compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, Prospective Licensee shall provide Licensor
with prompt written notice so that Licensor may seek a protective order or appropriate remedy. If
no such remedy is obtained, or if Licensor waives compliance in writing, Prospective Licensee
may furnish only that part of the information that is legally required and will exercise reasonable
efforts to obtain confidential treatment of such information.

        4. Term of Agreement; Confidentiality Period. This Agreement shall terminate upon
an execution of a License Agreement by Prospective Licensee and Licensor. If no License
Agreement is signed, then Prospective Licensee’s obligations hereunder shall remain in effect as
to each part of the Confidential Information that meets the legal definition of a “Trade Secret” for
as long as it retains its character as a Trade Secret. As to Confidential Information that is not a
Trade Secret, or that loses its character as a Trade Secret, the obligations hereunder shall remain
in effect for the longer of (a) two years after the effective date of this Agreement or (b) two years
after any event that causes the Confidential Information to lose its character as a Trade Secret
(the “Confidentiality Period” as applicable under the foregoing). “Trade Secret” has the meaning
as defined by California’s Trade Secrets Act. Prospective Licensee will destroy or return to
Licensor all copies of Confidential Information promptly upon the earlier of (i) Licensor’s request
at any time or (ii) expiration of the Confidentiality Period.

        5.      Equitable Remedies. Prospective Licensee agrees that a breach of this
Agreement may cause continuing and irreparable injury to the Licensor as a direct result of any
such violation, for which the remedies at law may be inadequate, and that Licensor shall be
entitled to injunctive relief to prevent any violations of this Agreement and to other appropriate
remedies and relief.

        6.     Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the California. The parties agree that the state and federal courts located within
California shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue concerning actions arising under this
Agreement and that all claims arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in such
courts. Each party hereto submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts in connection with
any action brought under or in relation to this Agreement.

        7.     Attorneys’ Fees. The prevailing party in any legal action brought to enforce any
rights under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’
fees and costs in connection with such action.

        8.     Not a License Offer. This Agreement is not an offer of a license and shall be
treated as independent of any license offer that may be made to Prospective Licensee. Licensor
is not obligated to offer a license to Prospective Licensee, and Prospective Licensee is not
obligated to accept any offer of a license, should one be made by Licensor.

        9.     NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY.                    Licensor nor any of its
Representatives makes any representation or warranty regarding the Confidential Information,
including, without limitation, the ownership, accuracy, or completeness thereof, and neither


Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Prospective Licensee Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement
