          12.10 Legends. The Member understands that the certificates (if any) evidencing the Membership
Interest may bear any legend required by applicable state securities laws and/or the following: “The securities
represented by this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 nor registered nor qualified
under any state securities laws. These securities may not be offered for sale, sold, delivered after sale, transferred,
pledged, or hypothecated unless qualified and registered under applicable state and federal securities laws or unless,
in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company, that qualification and registration is not required. Any
transfer of the securities represented by this certificate is further subject to other restrictions, terms, and conditions
set forth on this certificate or in the Company’s Operating Agreement.”

        12.11 Investment Risk. The Member acknowledges that the Membership Interest is a speculative
investment involving a substantial degree of risk of loss by the Member of the Member’s entire investment in the
Company, the Member understands and takes full cognizance of the risk factors related to the purchase of the
Membership Interest, and the Company is newly organized and has no financial or operating history.

          12.12 Investment Experience. The Member is an experienced investor in unregistered and restricted
securities of limited liability companies or limited partnerships.

          12.13 Restrictions on Transfer. The Member acknowledges that there are substantial restrictions on
the transferability of the Membership Interest pursuant to this Agreement, there is no public market for the
Membership Interest and none is expected to develop, and, accordingly, it may not be possible for the Member’s to
liquidate the Member’s investment in the Company.

         12.14 Information Reviewed. The Member has received and reviewed all information the Member
considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Membership Interest. The Member has had
an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company and its officers, Manager(s) and employees
regarding the terms and conditions of purchase of the Membership Interest and regarding the Company’s business,
financial affairs, and other aspects, and has further had the opportunity to obtain all information (to the extent the
Company possesses or can acquire the information without unreasonable effort or expense) that the Member deems
necessary to evaluate the investment and to verify the accuracy of information otherwise provided to the Member.

         12.15 No Representations by Company. Neither the Manager(s), any agent or employee of the
Company or of the Manager(s), or any other Person has at any time expressly or implicitly represented, guaranteed,
or warranted to the Member that the Member may freely transfer the Membership Interest, that a percentage of profit
and/or amount or type of consideration will be realized as a result of an investment in the Membership Interest, that
past performance or experience on the part of the Manager(s) or its Affiliates or any other Person in any way
indicates the predictable results of the ownership of the Membership Interest or of the overall Company business,
that any cash distributions from Company operations or otherwise will be made to the Members by any specific date
or will be made at all, or that any specific tax benefits will accrue as a result of an investment in the Company.

         12.16 Consultation with Attorney. The Member has been advised to consult with the Member’s own
attorney regarding all legal matters concerning an investment in the Company and the tax consequences of
participating in the Company, and has done so, to the extent the Member considers necessary.

         12.17 Tax Consequences. The Member acknowledges that the tax consequences to the Member of
investing in the Company will depend on the Member’s particular circumstances, and neither the Company, the
Manager(s), the Members, nor the partners, shareholders, members, Manager(s), agents, officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates, or consultants of any of them will be responsible or liable for the tax consequences to the
Member of an investment in the Company. The Member will look solely to, and rely on, the Member’s own
advisers regarding the tax consequences of this investment.

        12.18 No Assurance of Tax Benefits. The Member acknowledges that there can be no assurance that
the IRC or the Regulations will not be amended or interpreted in the future in such a manner so as to deprive the
Company and the Members of some or all the tax benefits they might now receive, nor that some of the deductions




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
