                 (b)      Any attorney, independent accountant, or other person as to matters that the Manager(s)
reasonably believe to be within the person’s professional or expert competence; or

                   (c)     A committee on which the Manager(s) do not serve, duly designated in accordance with
the Articles or this Agreement, as to matters within the committee’s designated authority, which committee the
Manager(s) reasonably believe to merit competence.

         5.7     Devotion of Time. The Manager(s) are not obligated to devote all their time or business efforts to
the Company’s affairs. The Manager(s) will devote whatever time, effort, and skill as they deem appropriate for the
proper conduct of the Company’s business, seeking to maximize value for the Members.

         5.8      Competing Activities. The Members, the Manager(s) and their respective officers, directors,
shareholders, partners, members, manager(s), agents, employees, and Affiliates may engage or invest in,
independently or with others, any business activity of any type or description. Neither the Company nor any
Member will have any right in or to such other permitted ventures or activities or to the income or proceeds derived
therefrom. The Members and the Manager(s) will not be obligated to present any investment opportunity or
prospective economic advantage to the Company, even if the opportunity is such that, if presented to the Company,
could be taken by it. The Members and the Manager(s) will have the right to hold any investment opportunity or
prospective economic advantage for their own account or to recommend such opportunity to persons other than the
Company. Nothing in this Section 5.8 will diminish the obligation of the Manager(s) set forth in Section 5.7.

           5.9      Transactions Between Company and Manager(s). Notwithstanding any possible conflict of
interest, the Manager(s) may, and may cause their Affiliates to, engage in any transaction (including the purchase,
sale, lease, or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service, or the establishment of any salary,
compensation, or other terms of employment) with the Company so long as the transaction is not expressly
prohibited by this Agreement and so long as the transaction, on an overall basis, is fair and reasonable to the
Company and at least as favorable to the Company as similar transactions generally available from persons capable
of similarly performing them and in similar transactions between parties operating at arm’s length. A transaction
between the Manager(s) and/or their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company will be conclusively determined
to constitute a transaction on terms and conditions, on an overall basis, fair and reasonable to the Company and at
least as favorable to the Company as generally available in a similar transaction between parties operating at arm’s
length if a Majority Interest of the Members affirmatively vote or consent in writing to approve the transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager(s) will not have any obligation, in connection with any such transaction
between the Company and the Manager(s) or an Affiliate of the Manager(s), to seek the Members’ consent.

        5.10 Payments to Manager(s); Compensation. The Manager(s) may receive reasonable
compensation in an amount determined in their reasonable discretion for services actually rendered. The Manger(s)
may, but are not required to, submit the amount of the Manager(s)’ compensation to the Members for approval; if a
Majority Interest of the Members approve the Manager(s)’ compensation, that compensation will be conclusively be
determined to be a reasonable amount.

          5.11 Expenses. The Company will reimburse the Manager(s) and their Affiliates for the actual cost of
goods and materials used for or by the Company. The Company will also pay or reimburse the Manager(s) or their
Affiliates for organizational expenses (including legal and accounting fees and costs) incurred to form the Company
and prepare the Articles and this Agreement.

          5.12 Acts of Manager(s) as Conclusive Evidence of Authority. Any contract, certificate, statement,
note, mortgage, evidence of debt, conveyance, or other written instrument, and any assignment or endorsement
thereof, executed or entered into between the Company and any other person, when signed by one or more
Manager(s) is not invalidated as to the Company by any lack of authority of the signing Manager(s) in the absence
of actual knowledge on the part of the other person that the signing Manager(s) had no authority to execute the
same.




Citadel Panda Express, Inc. – Sample Affiliate Joint Venture LLC Operating Agreement
