                                                                                       00000041.0
provision of this Agreement, or any specification, standard or operating procedure we prescribe, is
invalid or unenforceable, you and we agree that such provisions will be modified or enforced to the
fullest extent permissible under, and to be compliant with, governing law. This Agreement will be
deemed automatically modified to comply with governing law if such law requires: i) a greater time
period for notice of the Termination of this Agreement, or a Termination or refusal to renew an
Operating Term; or ii) the taking of some other action not described in this Agreement. Such
modifications to this Agreement shall be effective only in such jurisdiction. You and we agree that
the unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the remainder of this
Agreement.

        19.10   Waivers; Cumulative Rights; Limitation on Licensee.

         Subject to the provisions of Section 19.4, no waiver by either party of any breach, default
or unfulfilled condition under this or any other agreement between the parties shall be deemed a
waiver of any subsequent or other breach, default or unfulfilled condition. No waiver shall be
effective unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the signing party. The
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative, provided that in no event shall
Licensee have as a remedy the right to withhold any payment due to us under this Agreement.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no party will be prohibited from exercising any
rights or remedies provided under this Agreement or permitted under law or equity.

        19.11   Choice of Laws.

        Except with respect to the applicability of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.,
and the effect of federal pre-emption of state law by such Act and except to the extent governed by
the United States Trademark Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051 et seq., and other federal laws and as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, this Agreement and all other matters between you and us
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
giving effect to any conflict of laws, excepting however i) the provisions of Section 8.2 shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State where the breach of said Section
occurs, and ii) the California Franchise Investment Law, the California Franchise Relations Act and
the provisions of any other California statute or law regarding licenses or franchises will not apply
unless jurisdictional, definitional and other requirements of such statute or law are met
independently of this Section, without giving effect to any conflict of laws.

        19.12   Application of Agreement to Parties and Others; Joint and Several Liability;
                Personal Guaranty.

        A.       The rights and obligations of this Agreement run directly between you and us and
are not intended to create any third-party beneficiary or similar rights or obligations unless
specifically expressed in this Agreement; except that the protections which apply to us for the
safeguarding of Intellectual Property or relating to indemnification and/or releases shall also apply
to any current and/or future Licensor-Related Persons/Entities as if they were expressly named
beneficiaries thereof.

        B.       We have the right to elect in our sole and absolute discretion to not enforce (or to
selectively enforce) any provision of this or any Agreement, standard or policy, whether with respect
to you and/or any other Licensee or other person, in a lawful manner without liability.

         C.     If two (2) or more persons/entities are the Licensee at any time, all of their
obligations and liabilities under this or any other agreement with us and/or any Licensor-Related
Persons/Entities will be joint and several.


  Panda Express — License Agreement                                                     Page 83
