 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
1 
 
PURCHASING PROGRAM AGREEMENT 
This PURCHASING PROGRAM AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of %HotelApprovedDate% (the “Effective Date”), by and 
between Hilton Supply Management LLC, (“HSM”), and %LegalEntity% (“Customer”).  
RECITALS 
 
A. 
Customer is a party to a management agreement and/or franchise agreement with an affiliate of HSM for the 
%BrandCodeDesc% hotel located at %PropertyAddressLine%, (the “Hotel”). Customer is entering into this Agreement to obtain certain 
products and services for and at the Hotel.  
B. 
HSM operates as a stockless distributor and has contractual arrangements with various suppliers, manufacturers and other 
providers (collectively, the “Suppliers”) for the purchase and supply of items, including but not limited to furniture, fixtures, equipment 
and operating supplies (collectively, the “Items”), for use in Customer’s hotel or other locations where the Items will be used (the 
“Property”).   
C. 
Customer desires to utilize HSM project management services and purchase Items for use in the Property through HSM as 
merchant of record from the Suppliers, and to authorize and direct HSM to execute the ordering requirements for certain items (the 
“Services”).   
D. 
HSM will provide Customer with various documents related to the items to be purchased through HSM which documents may 
include, without limitation, a Project Cost Agreement, a Delivery Status Report, and a Payment Reminder Form (collectively, the “Project 
Documents”). 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the parties agree as follows: 
1. 
Ordering Services.  HSM shall provide the Services and procure the Items ordered by Customer pursuant to a project cost 
agreement (“PCA”).  Each PCA will (i) reference this Agreement, (ii) summarize the Items and cost, and (iii) include any other necessary 
or advisable terms. 
2. 
Customer's Authorization and Request to Order Items.  Customer represents and warrants that Customer is duly organized, 
validly existing, in good standing and qualified to do business under applicable laws where it is formed and where it operates.  Customer 
hereby authorizes HSM to procure the Items set forth in a PCA.  Customer will review and verify the quantities and prices of all Items to 
be purchased through HSM.  Customer will be bound to purchase the Items covered by each PCA unless Customer delivers a notice in 
writing received by HSM within ten (10) business days after submitting the PCA that the order is not correct, and specifying the deviation 
from the Items as authorized.  Customer shall reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless HSM for any cost or expenses incurred by HSM 
due to Customer’s revisions to a PCA or related orders. Customer acknowledges that HSM does not operate the supply chain of contract 
Suppliers; therefore, it cannot guarantee the timeliness or completeness of deliveries.  Delivery dates may be affected by a variety of 
factors, including but not limited to unpredictable circumstances, such as homeland security inspection, weather, Supplier issues, labor 
disputes, etc.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that (i) under no circumstance shall HSM have any responsibility with respect to any 
and all claims, disputes and liabilities arising from, or in connection with Items, and (ii) it shall look exclusively to the applicable Supplier, 
with respect to any such claims, including, without limitation, all warranty and indemnification claims.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, HSM 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the resolution of any dispute or issue between Customer and a Supplier.   
3. 
Price Quotes.  Any quotations by HSM to Customer of prices for Items shall only be valid for thirty (30) days from the date of 
the quotation.   
4. 
Additions.  If Customer desires to makes additions to an order after a PCA has been executed, Customer shall request and 
sign an Authorization for Budget Adjustment form.  
5. 
Payment for Items.  Customer shall pay HSM (i) the amount invoiced by Supplier for each Item ordered pursuant to a PCA, 
including Item changes, together with all applicable taxes, packaging, freight, transportation, storage, and insurance charge(s) related to 
each Item; and (ii) HSM’s procurement services fee.  Purchases executed by HSM from the Change Order form are payable to HSM 
within ten (10) business days after Customer executes such Change Order.  Warehouse and redelivery charges, if any, caused by failure 
of Customer to accept delivery, shall be borne by Customer.   Customer acknowledges that any prices quoted for the Items are based 
upon current price lists or quotations available to HSM, and that such prices are subject to change.  Customer shall pay to HSM the prices 
in effect at the time the Items are ordered by HSM. Customer acknowledges industry standards for overages and underage’s and pricing 
variations which may result from these standards (see Exhibit I) and agrees to timely pay all such overages and underage’s.  Customer 
acknowledges standard freight insurance offered by freight carriers may not cover full replacement value.  Customer may authorize HSM 
to obtain full replacement value freight coverage at an additional expense. 
