 
 
6 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
materials; training programs and materials; standards, specifications and policies for construction, 
furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel; and other elements we refer to in the 
Franchise Agreement, in the Manual or in other communications to you, and programs for our 
inspecting your Hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements to the System or modify, 
alter or delete elements of the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, at a 
specified location, under the Brand. When we refer to a “Brand hotel” in this Disclosure Document, 
we mean hotels licensed under the Spark by Hilton Brand unless we make it clear otherwise. You 
must follow the high standards we have established as the essence of the System. You will be 
required to make future investments. 
We currently offer Spark by Hilton franchises for hotel conversion projects only (“Conversions”).  
A Conversion refers to the renovation of an existing hotel building and premises to bring it into 
compliance with our Brand Standards so that it may operate as a Brand hotel.  A Conversion 
project does not include new construction or major remodeling.  Accordingly, the fees and cost 
estimates shown in this Disclosure Document pertain to Conversion projects only, and not to the 
construction of a new hotel (commonly referred to as “New Development”) or to a project that 
involves modifying a building that was not previously a hotel to become a hotel (commonly 
referred to as an “Adaptive Reuse”).  
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for a Conversion, or a change of ownership in the 
case of a transfer (a “Change of Ownership”), or a re-licensing in the case of a new franchise 
being granted upon the expiration of a prior franchise for an existing Brand hotel (a “Re-licensing”) 
project.  
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Spark by Hilton hotels compete in the Economy hotel market segment and cater to business 
travelers, families, vacationers, and groups, depending on the market and location. The market 
for your services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation. Our 
franchisees seek customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit 
business from:  transient leisure and business travelers, and tour and travel groups, on a regional 
and national level. 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated 
local hotels offering similar types of hotel rooms to the same clientele. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within your Restricted Area, 
if any, under any brands or marks other than the Brand or mark “Spark by Hilton”. We and/or our 
affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to guest lodging facilities, 
networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, in any 
manner that we, or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our affiliates may be sold to or 
otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has established 
