 
 
34 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
lobby and other public spaces, and supporting facilities. Our estimates include the cost of 
furniture, fixtures and equipment for guest rooms, corridors, and the lobby. All areas of your Hotel 
must comply with our Brand Standards. 
We have a designated grouping of specifically-selected furniture, furnishings, fixtures, and 
equipment (“FF&E”), and operating supplies and equipment (“OS&E”) that meet our Standards 
and specifications for Brand hotels (the “Brand Package”). You must use a Brand Package for 
the Conversion of your hotel, and you must purchase or lease the items in the Brand Package 
only from approved suppliers. You must obtain Brand Package procurement services from our 
affiliate, HSM. You may not obtain any item within a Brand Package or Brand Package 
procurement services from any other sources.  In addition, we may require you to obtain and use 
certain furniture, furnishings, fixtures, equipment, décor, amenities, and other supplies that are 
not included within a Brand Package. You may purchase those items from any supplier as long 
as you comply with our Standards and specifications.  See Item 8 for details. 
9. 
Inventory includes immediately consumable items such as soap, cleansing material, office 
supplies, and similar items. Operating equipment includes such items as linens, paper goods, and 
uniforms. 
10. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. The amount 
includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain 
signage displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance 
with plans, specifications and standards we establish for System Hotels. You must purchase 
exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a current list. 
11. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer 
systems, including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO System, the Delphi 
Sales and Events system, the Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key 
system, Digital Payment system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. The estimated costs to 
acquire and install each of these systems are shown totaled here together, other than the Guest 
Internet Access system, the Connected Room system, the Delphi Sales and Events system, and 
the Digital Payment system, which are listed separately. The amounts shown here may be 
different than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the amounts shown here also include costs 
that are payable to third parties. The operating costs during the initial period are included in the 
Additional Funds line in this table below. See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details. 
 
12. 
We will provide the required training programs as described in Items 5 and 11 of this 
Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training materials, and travel and living 
expenses while training. We may charge additional training costs based on the number of 
personnel that require training.   
13. 
For the Conversion of your Hotel or if you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Re-licensing, 
or Change of Ownership Transfer, we may require you to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an accessibility consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with accessibility 
requirements including the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). 
14. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which your renovation work must begin. 
After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a further extension 
of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
