 
 
70 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
HITS Agreement, 
and HSM Agreement 
Summary 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
HSM Agreement – 
Not applicable 
You must operate under the HSM Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §11.1 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any proposed 
taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent domain, and we may 
terminate the Franchise Agreement on notice to you and will 
release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated Damages. 
FA §11.2 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force Majeure. If 
the casualty requires closing of the Hotel, you may choose to 
repair or rebuild according to the Standards provided that the 
Hotel reopens no later than 18 months after the closing.  If you 
elect not to repair or rebuild the hotel after a condemnation or 
casualty to the hotel, we may terminate the franchise agreement 
on notice to you.  We will release you from the obligation to pay 
Liquidated Damages as long as you and your Affiliates do not own 
or operate a hotel at the site under a lease, license or franchise 
with a Competitor within 3 years after the termination. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement 
that allows you to operate the Hotel, we can terminate the HITS 
Agreement. 
 
HSM Agreement        
§ 8(b) 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement 
that allows you to operate the Hotel, HSM can terminate the HSM 
Agreement. 
f. Termination by 
us with cause 
FA §13 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any 
attachment to it. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the HITS Agreement.  Termination of 
the Franchise Agreement also terminates the HITS Agreement. 
HSM Agreement        
§ 8(b) 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the HSM Agreement. Termination of 
the Franchise Agreement also terminates the HSM Agreement. 
g. "Cause" 
defined – 
defaults which 
can be cured  
FA §§8.6 and 13.1 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement by written notice to 
you at any time before its expiration on any of the following 
grounds: (1) you fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us or 
our Affiliates or to pay or fund any amounts due under any of Your 
Hotel Agreements within the cure period in the notice (at least 10 
days); (2) you fail to commence or complete the Hotel Work by the 
applicable deadline, including any extensions, or fail to open the 
Hotel on the Opening Date, and do not cure that default within the 
cure period in the notice (at least 10 days); (3) you do not 
purchase or maintain required insurance or do not reimburse us 
for our purchase of insurance on your behalf within the cure 
period in the notice (at least 10 days); or (4) you fail to comply 
with any provision of the Franchise Agreement, the Manual, or 
any Standard that can be cured (see subsection h. below), or 
breach a representation or warranty made in the Franchise 
Agreement and you do not cure that default within the cure period 
