{00264795-17} 
10 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining the 
System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees.  
 
In calculating the System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees, if a Business Interruption occurred at any 
System Hotel(s) during the System’s Average Measurement Period, then for such System Hotel(s) the 
calendar month(s) in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred will be removed from the System’s 
Average Measurement Period, and the System’s Average Measurement Period for such System Hotel(s) 
will be extended earlier in time by one full calendar month for every whole or partial calendar month in which 
the Business Interruption(s) occurred.  If the application of this provision would lead to the System’s 
Average Measurement Period for any System Hotel(s) being reduced to less than twelve (12) full calendar 
months, then the applicable System Hotel(s) will not be included in determining the System’s Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
“Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.0.   
 
[INSERT FOR OL: “Termination Fee” has the meaning set forth in Subsection 13.4]   
 
“Trade Name” means the name of the Hotel set forth in the Addendum. 
 
“Trade Restrictions” means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti-terrorism, non-
proliferation, anti-money laundering and similar restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and regulations 
imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject. 
 
“Transfer” means in all its forms, any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other conveyance of a 
direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest.  
 
“Transferee” means the proposed new franchisee resulting from a Transfer. 
 
“Your Hotel Agreements” means any other agreement between you, or any of your Affiliates, and us, or 
any of our Affiliates, related to this Agreement, the Hotel and/or the Hotel Site. 
 
[INSERT FOR OL, QQ, UP: “Your Marks” means any brand names, business names, copyrights, service 
marks, trademarks or trade names (whether registered or unregistered) developed or owned by you or your 
Affiliates, or licensed to you or your Affiliates by a third party other than us or our Affiliates, that are 
used as part of the Trade Name. [OR OPTIONAL INSERT FOR OL, QQ, UP TO IDENTIFY SPECIFIC 
OWNER MARK: Your Marks includes [____________].] 
 
2.0 
GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
2.1 
Non-Exclusive License. We grant to you and you accept a limited, non-exclusive License 
to use the Marks and the System during the Term at, and in connection with, the operation of the Hotel in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. [INSERT ONLY FOR CV DEALS: Provided, however, that 
1) your right to operate the Hotel under the Brand will not become effective until after any existing third-
party franchise, management or similar agreement for the Hotel has terminated or expired; and 2) you are 
solely responsible for ensuring that any existing third-party franchise, management or similar agreement 
has terminated or expired on or before the Opening Date.] 
 
2.2 
Reserved Rights. 
 
2.2.1 
This Agreement does not limit our right, or the right of our Affiliates, to own, license 
or operate any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality industry or not, and 
whether under the Brand, a Competing Brand, or otherwise.  We and our Affiliates have the right to engage 
in any Other Businesses, even if they compete with the Hotel, the System, or the Brand, and whether we 
or our Affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come under 
common ownership with, or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
