pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available to us in the specific circumstances. The three-tier 
hierarchy of inputs is summarized below:
•
Level 1 - Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
•
Level 2 - Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or other inputs that 
are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.
•
Level 3 - Valuation is based upon other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement.
The classification of assets and liabilities within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Proper classification of fair value measurements within the valuation 
hierarchy is considered each reporting period. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a 
material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.
Estimates of the fair values of our financial instruments and nonfinancial assets are determined using available market 
information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop the 
estimated fair values and the classification within the valuation hierarchy. We have not elected the fair value measurement 
option for any of our financial assets or liabilities.
Acquisitions
We make certain judgments to determine whether a transaction should be accounted for as a business combination or an 
asset acquisition. These judgments include the assessment of the inputs, processes and outputs associated with an acquired set 
of activities and whether the fair value of total assets acquired is concentrated to a single identifiable asset or group of similar 
assets. We account for a transaction as a business combination when the assets acquired include inputs and one or more 
substantive processes that, together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs and substantially all of the total fair 
value of the assets acquired is not concentrated to a single identifiable asset or group of similar assets. Otherwise, we account 
for the transaction as an asset acquisition.
Acquisitions that do not meet the definition of a business combination are accounted for as asset acquisitions. We allocate 
the cost of the acquisition, including direct and incremental transaction costs, to the individual assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed based on their relative fair values. We do not recognize any goodwill in an asset acquisition.
Note 3: Acquisition
In May 2024, we completed the acquisition of Graduate franchise contracts, as part of the larger Hilton acquisition of the 
Graduate brand, and accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition. As a result, we recorded franchise contract intangible 
assets at their cost of approximately $85 million. The franchise contract intangible assets will be amortized over an estimated 
useful life of 15 years to depreciation and amortization expenses in our statements of comprehensive income and member's 
equity. The activity related to the Graduate franchise contracts, which did not have a material impact on our operating results 
for the year ended December 31, 2024, was included in the financial statements for the period from the date of acquisition to 
December 31, 2024.
Note 4: Franchise Contracts 
Franchise contracts, net was as follows:
December 31, 2024
Gross 
Carrying 
Value
Accumulated 
Amortization
Net Carrying 
Value
(in thousands)
Contract acquisition costs
$ 
376,063 $ 
(69,820) $ 
306,243 
Franchise contract intangible assets acquired
 
85,304  
(3,317)  
81,987 
Costs to obtain contracts
 
7,259  
(2,741)  
4,518 
$ 
468,626 $ 
(75,878) $ 
392,748 
8
