 
 
45 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
may be conditioned on your architect or other certified professional certifying to us that the 
Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility,  accommodations and facilities for those 
with disabilities. You may not start construction until you receive our approval. Once you 
receive our approval, you may not make any changes to the plans without our advance 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3 and 6.1.4). 
4. 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do not approve 
your proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional hotel 
management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least the first year of 
operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this requirement. 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement, which will be countersigned by HSS, before 
you open your Hotel (HITS Agreement, Exhibit G). The HITS Agreement governs your 
access to and use of OnQ, our proprietary computerized business system which is an 
integral part of the System we license to you (see Computer System below). 
6. 
We will provide you with the HSM Agreement, which will be countersigned by HSM, before 
you begin the procurement process for Converting your Hotel (HSM Agreement, Exhibit 
M). The HSM Agreement provides the terms and conditions of HSM’s procurement 
services for the required Brand Packages and other optional services (see Item 8). 
7. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
8. 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials, and you must pay for expenses associated with training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” 
system, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners 
worldwide. The OnQ system is comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property 
management, revenue management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, 
learning management, and other components we consider necessary to support the following 
activities: reservations, distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, 
and business intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes 
hardware, software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest 
Internet Access System, which we may periodically change. The components of each are 
described below, and the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
