 
 
18 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details.   
Digital Payment System.  You must install our approved Digital Payment system, which provides 
guests with the ability to pay for hotel charges using credit cards, debit cards, and certain third-
party digital payment apps and other online services that we approve, such as Google Pay and 
Apple Pay (“Digital Payments”). Currently, this payment system is operated by a third-party vendor 
called Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”). You do not have to pay any fees or costs to us for this system, but 
must pay applicable charges to Adyen. See Item 11 for details.   
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000. 
The cost estimates shown in this Item 5 are based on a 100-guest room Conversion hotel. These 
estimates do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with the OnQ system. 
They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our required Guest 
Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional computer 
system components that we may recommend (including, for example, other business computer 
systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and payroll, point 
of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not include any 
delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed and/or 
rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other benefits to 
support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All computer system 
costs are subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for a more detailed 
description of each of these required and recommended computer systems.  
4. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. Currently, HSM is our sole procurement services provider for the Spark by 
Hilton Brand. In this role, HSM: (1) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
sourcing and distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, and equipment 
(commonly known as “FF&E”), and operating supplies and equipment (commonly referred to as 
“OS&E”), and certain hotel services, at a discount and on favorable terms when possible; (2) 
evaluates and approves suppliers and the items they provide as meeting our Standards and 
specifications; and (3) provides all procurement services for the Brand Packages described in 
Item 8. You must obtain Brand Package items from approved suppliers, and you must use HSM 
as your sole Brand Package service provider. For the Brand Package services, you must sign the 
Purchasing Program Agreement (the “HSM Agreement”) in Exhibit M and pay HSM the fee shown 
here. For any items that are not part of the required Brand Package, you may choose to acquire 
them through HSM’s program but are not obligated to do so. If you choose to buy those items 
through HSM’s program, you will pay the same procurement fee as shown here.   
For ease of administration, HSM may collect payment for certain items you purchase (whether as 
part of the Brand Package or otherwise) and remit those payments directly to the suppliers of 
those items. In that case, the payments are simply a pass-through and HSM does not add any 
mark-up to the items or collect any fee or revenue for doing so. You may be offered a payment 
plan. These payment plans are agreed with each franchisee individually based on the type of 
project, and specifically customized to the project’s scope of work and overall timeline. Payment 
dates are also based on the project’s timeline. The interest rate for late payments is 18.5% per 
year, compounded daily. Change orders must be paid in full, either in advance or with the next 
installment due. 
