2 
 
1.2 
KYC information Licensee Establishment 
 
Licensee Establishment has provided Adyen with information about itself, its activities and its shareholders 
as part of the online application form or in a separate KYC form (“KYC Information”). Licensee 
Establishment warrants unconditionally that all KYC Information provided to Adyen is correct and up-to-
date. 
 
1.3 
Services by Adyen 
 
Adyen will provide Licensee Establishment with the Adyen Services on the terms set out in the Merchant 
Agreement and as further specified in this Licensee Merchant Agreement. 
 
1.4 
Effective Date and Term 
 
This Licensee Merchant Agreement will become effective on the date Adyen has successfully completed 
the KYC process of Licensee Establishment (“Effective Date”) for an initial term that shall expire on 
September 1, 2023 (the “Initial Term”) and will thereafter be automatically renewed for revolving periods 
of six (6) months after the Initial Term unless either party gives the other party written notice of its decision 
not to renew this Licensee Merchant Agreement at least three (3) months prior to the end of the Initial Term 
or the then current renewal period. 
 
This Licensee Merchant Agreement will simultaneously and automatically terminate with the Merchant 
Agreement in case the Merchant Agreement terminates for any reason or if Merchant notifies Adyen that 
Licensee Establishment as of a notified date ceases to be a Licensee Establishment affiliated with 
Merchant. This Licensee Merchant Agreement may itself also be separately terminated by each of the 
parties in accordance with the Adyen Terms and Conditions. 
 
2. 
Fees for Services to Licensee Establishment 
 
The fees as set out in the Merchant Agreement shall also apply for the provision of the Services by Adyen 
to Licensee Establishment under this Licensee Merchant Agreement. The fees shall be invoiced in the 
settlement currency. 
 
3. 
Notices 
 
Whenever a party is required or permitted to give legal notice under this Licensee Merchant Agreement, 
such legal notice will be in writing unless otherwise specifically provided herein and will be deemed given 
when (i) delivered in hand, one (1) day after being given to an express courier for overnight delivery with a 
reliable system for tracking delivery, or five (5) days after the day of mailing, when mailed by United States 
mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) delivered by electronic 
mail to the relevant address listed below. 
 
Legal notifications will be addressed as follows:
In the case of Adyen: 
Adyen N.V. 
Attn.: General Counsel Simon 
Carmiggeltstraat 6-50 
1011 DJ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
With a copy by e-mail to: 
legalnotices@adyen.com 
In the case Licensee Establishment: 
The address provided by Licensee 
Establishment to Adyen in the onboarding 
process 
A party may from time to time change its address for notification purposes by giving prior written notice of 
the new address and the date upon which it will become effective. 
