 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
 
6 
 
EXHIBIT II 
 
Freight Scheduling, Claims & Shortages 
Important Instructions for Properly Receiving Merchandise 
 
Shipment Schedules 
 
1. HSM has contracts in place with multiple 3rd party freight companies to arrange pickup and delivery 
of product using all methods of transport from the supplier’s dock to the requested destination 
(property, warehouse, etc.). 
 
2. Where project items are shipped along with other commercial shipments, delivery schedules are 
controlled by the transportation companies.  These schedules are tied to their particular routes, 
loading position in the trailer (items placed in the front of a trailer cannot be delivered first, for 
example) and driver availability.  
 
3. Standard delivery service for Less than Truckload (LTL) carriers is “delivery by 5:00 PM”.  
 
4. Transit time for each shipment varies by carrier, service level, origin and destination point. 
 
5. If a delivery appointment is required prior to receiving, LTL appointments are not scheduled until 
after the freight has arrived at the carrier’s terminal servicing the local area.  Depending on when 
goods are received at the local terminal, delivery may be delayed until an appointment is set. 
 
6. Parcel carriers (UPS, FedEx, DHL, etc.) do not offer a delivery appointment service. 
 
7. Expedited, time specific and guaranteed delivery services are available at additional cost.    
Shipment guarantees if purchased only cover transportation costs.  Details and exclusions vary by 
carrier. If these services are needed contact the HSM Project Supply Manager prior to shipment for 
more information. 
 
8. Every effort will be made to work with the project contact on site and carriers to facilitate good 
communication in order to meet the requested delivery schedules however, standard transit times 
and delivery dates are not guaranteed.  HSM assumes no liability for loss related to transport 
and delivery (Refer to paragraph 7 of Purchase & Security Agreement.) 
 
Shipment Receiving 
 
1. 
The owner’s representative’s signature on the carrier’s delivery receipt indicates the shipment has 
been received in its entirety and product(s) are in good condition unless otherwise noted.  It 
is extremely difficult to obtain a successful claim for loss or damage unless all discrepancies are 
noted on the carrier’s paperwork at the time of delivery.  
 
2. 
Transportation companies will usually disclaim liability for any damages if goods are handled or 
transported by others after their initial delivery is completed.     
 
3. 
Good receiving practices and proper inspection of goods at the time of delivery for all shipments is 
required to insure collection of bona fide claims from transportation companies. 
 
4. 
Unloading of product is the responsibility of the buyer or their designated agent.  If the site does not 
have a loading dock that is truck high there should be sufficient labor and equipment available to 
unload the truck.   
 
5. 
Hydraulic Liftgate service is usually not available for full truckload shipments (48’ or 53’ trailers).  If 
this service is requested and available there will be an additional cost to the buyer.  Cost will vary 
according to shipment origin and will need to be quoted prior to shipment pickup each time this 
service is requested. 
 
6. 
Proper site preparation before delivery is required as unpaved surfaces or soft ground make 
maneuvering of heavy trucks difficult and place products at increased risk of damage during 
unloading. 
