 
 
36 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
factors.  We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form of updates to the 
Manual.  
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards.  We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program 
that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any 
renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are 
responsible for the costs of complying with any such renovation schedule(including any FRCM 
renovation), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards.  
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at 
and for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, 
operating supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the 
Hotel,  signs and graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest 
materials, together with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and 
technology platforms for property management, inventory management, revenue management, 
affiliation and distribution programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, 
customer satisfaction measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment 
and conveniences, internet access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance 
services, and any and all other systems, programs, products and services used for the operation 
of the Hotel, including our specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable 
product quality ratings at your Hotel and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it from any authorized source.  
Brand Package Requirements 
 
We have a designated grouping of specifically-selected furniture, furnishings, fixtures, and 
equipment (FF&E), and operating supplies and equipment (OS&E) that meet our Standards and 
specifications for Brand hotels (the “Brand Package”). You must use a Brand Package for the 
Conversion and opening of a Brand hotel.  The Brand Package includes the majority of items that 
hotel guests see and experience in the lobby, corridors, and guest rooms. The Brand Package 
generally does not include items for back-of-house operational areas such as mechanical rooms. 
We will provide you with detailed information and a list of items in the Brand Package. The Brand 
Package is essential for the uniformity of the Brand and a consistently reliable guest experience 
across Spark by Hilton hotels. Accordingly, you must purchase or lease the items in our Brand 
Package only from approved suppliers. You may not obtain any Brand Package or any item within 
a Brand Package from any other source. Neither we nor our affiliate, HSM, are an approved 
supplier of Brand Package items.   
 
You must obtain Brand Package procurement services from our affiliate, HSM. These services 
include the assembling of Brand Packages from approved suppliers and then coordinating the 
ordering and delivery of Brand Package items from such approved suppliers to your Hotel based 
on your specific Conversion plans and timeline. For these services, you must sign the HSM 
Agreement (Exhibit M) and pay the service fees described in Items 5 and 6 above.  You may not 
obtain Brand Package procurement services from any other source. 
