 
 
63 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
only we will have the right to handle disputes concerning the Marks or the System. You must fully 
cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint us 
as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.   
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel. You may not adopt any 
other brands in operating your Hotel that we do not approve. You also may not, use any of the 
Marks, or the words “Spark” or “Hilton” or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your corporate, 
partnership, business or trade name; (b) any Internet-related name (including a domain name); 
or (c) any business operated separate from your Hotel, including the name or identity of 
developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel, without our prior written consent or as 
provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Manual. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will be 
an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the Franchise Agreement. 
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
There are no infringements actually known to us that could materially affect your use of the Marks.  
Except as described below there are no effective determinations of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office (“USPTO”), the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the trademark 
administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There is no 
pending material litigation or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings in the 
United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits and 
renewals have been filed.   
There are two instances in which we have reached currently effective agreements with two 
unrelated third parties that may have had potentially superior rights to the SPARK 
trademark.  First, the USPTO granted Lipscomb University, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation 
(“Lipscomb”), a trademark registration for its SPARK mark on the Principal Register (Reg. No. 
4,4485,393) for use in connection with meeting space services, among other things, in Classes 
35, 41, and 43.  Second, the USPTO granted Accelya US Inc. (formerly known as Farelogix Inc.), 
a Delaware corporation (“Accelya”), a trademark registration for its SPRK mark on the Principal 
Register (Reg. No. 3,856,333) for use in connection with “Booking of seats for travel” in Class 39 
and “Travel agency services, namely, making reservations and booking for temporary lodging for 
other travel agencies, travel suppliers, and corporations, via on-line computer networks” in Class 
43.  We currently have perpetual agreements in place with Lipscomb and Accelya that provide 
Lipscomb’s and Accelya’s consent to our obtaining registration for and use of the SPARK BY 
HILTON trademark. In connection with these agreements, we have agreed: (a) to not use a logo 
that is confusingly similar to Lipscomb’s or Accelya’s logos; (b) that the brand standards for hotels 
operated under the SPARK BY HILTON mark will prohibit hotels from having dedicated meeting 
space or meeting planners; (c) that hotels operated under the SPARK BY HILTON mark will not 
be clothing-optional hotels; and (d) to not operate a reservation platform that is sold to airlines or 
hotels for use by travel agents in connection with determining the availability of, or making 
reservations for, airline flights or hotel rooms under the SPARK BY HILTON mark or any mark 
that includes a term similar to “Spark.” As long as we comply with these requirements and each 
party continues to use their mark, the agreements cannot be modified or cancelled absent our 
material breach and failure to cure. Termination of these agreements will not affect your right to 
use the Marks as long as you are in good standing under your Franchise Agreement.  Finally, as 
long as these agreements are in place, you will be subject to these same limitations. 
