 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
 
8 
 
4. 
Window treatments should NOT be stored at a warehouse or in a container.  They should be 
delivered directly to the property to avoid damage, tearing or additional costs for dry cleaning due to 
periods of storage.  The delivery should coincide with the arrival of installers. 
 
Damage Discovery 
 
1. 
If concealed damage is discovered after the driver departs (damage not visible or apparent at the 
time of delivery), contact your HSM project manager immediately so HSM can start the claims 
process.  Concealed damages on LTL (less than truckload) shipments must be reported within 15 
days of delivery. Damages on FTL (full truckload) shipments must be reported within 30 days of 
delivery. 
 
2. 
If visible damaged is discovered at the time of delivery, this must be notated on the receiving 
documents the driver supplies.  You must keep a copy of these notated documents for your records 
in order to begin the claims process. 
 
3. 
Notify the HSM Project Supply Manager of the damages and actions with the carrier immediately. 
 
Filing Damage Claims 
 
1. 
Buyer is responsible for filing all damage claims.  Claims should be filed with HSM within the 
time limits for claims and carrier requirements.  HSM can assist in obtaining the necessary 
documents to help file a claim.   
 
2. 
Always retain copies of all documentation pertaining to a claim. 
 
3. 
Concealed damages (not apparent or visible at the time of delivery) must be reported to 
HSM and an inspection requested within 15 calendar days of delivery.  After 15 days the 
burden of proof shifts to the claimant to prove that the damages occurred before delivery was 
made.   
 
4. 
Damage claims must be filed immediately once discovered so the claims process can begin.. 
 
5. 
The carrier must acknowledge receipt of a damage claim within 30 days after receiving. 
 
6. 
The carrier must pay, decline or make a firm compromise offer within 120 days after receipt of 
claim. 
 
7. 
If the carrier is unable to resolve the matter within 120 days they must explain why they are unable 
to conclude the claim.  They must then send a follow up every 60 days thereafter until resolved. 
 
8. 
If a claim is denied in whole or in part there is a time limit of two years from the date of declination 
to file a civil suit against a carrier or its insurance company. 
 
9. 
More information regarding the claims liability of carriers can be found under Title 49 of the United 
States Code, specifically at 49 U.S.C. § 14706.   
 
Carrier Inspection of Damage 
 
1. 
The inspector will fill out a report of the damages and ask for signature. If not in agreement with 
conclusions do not sign the report.   
 
2. 
Damaged goods and the packing materials they came in must be retained until the claim has been 
resolved.  The carrier may pick up the damaged items and issue a Salvage Receipt as part of the 
