 
 
39 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
advisory, and marketing services to the hotel industry (including us, our System hotels, and 
competitors) for group and event business. Groups360 receives fees and commissions for the 
services it provides. As an equity owner, our affiliate may receive pro-rata share of distributions 
from Groups360. Currently, neither we nor any of our affiliates receive any other direct or indirect 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisee, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  
You may contact us for a current list in your area. 
Reservation Service  
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change. 
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have our designated GRO System, Delphi system, 
Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, Digital Payment system, and 
the Hilton Opening Transition Tool that meet our Standards and specifications. All of these 
components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers or may be acquired from 
other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or service and the individual 
circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards and specifications as 
appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that are proprietary or 
confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor confidentiality 
agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved vendor for certain applications, 
such as the GRO system, the Delphi system, and the Digital Payment system. See Items 5, 6, 
and 11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided 
by an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
