 
 
46 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software.  You must use authorized hardware and the required software for 
the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred providers, 
or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party providers. If you acquire the hardware 
from another (non-preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in 
determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay for all necessary 
communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic mail, and Internet 
connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and configuration services.  
The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the Hilton Property 
Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property Engagement 
Platform (“PEP”).  You are required to license the HPMS software from our affiliate, HSS.  HSS 
is the only supplier of the HPMS software because of its proprietary nature. We are not able to 
determine a separate market price because there is no third-party market for this product in its 
entirety. You must pay for the reasonable travel and other expenses of HSS employees and 
vendors who install and maintain the software.  If you purchase the standard hardware and 
software from HSS, we estimate it will cost between $33,500 and $87,800. This includes 
hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is based on the size of the 
hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable.   
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS 
Agreement) and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and 
use of the OnQ system.  The current HITS Agreement is attached as Exhibit G.  You must also 
purchase certain software licenses such as Windows Server operating systems and related client 
access licenses, database applications, and virus detection and removal tools.  Where applicable, 
these licenses must be purchased through existing enterprise agreements HSS has in place with 
vendors such as Microsoft.  HSS will invoice the Hotel for such purchases. You may purchase 
other software not covered by enterprise agreements from other third-party suppliers.  Costs of 
these licenses may vary based on the number of users or computers at your Hotel and other 
factors. 
OnQ Connectivity. The cost for OnQ connectivity is billed to you by HSS, and costs between $400 
and $600 per month. Billing will begin when your Hotel’s internet access circuit is installed, about 
45 days before opening. These fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document 
Section 1.7). 
Start-Up Delay and Rescheduling Fees. You must have one or more Systems Implementation 
Consultants (“SICs”) on site for your Hotel’s opening.  HSS determines the number of SICs and 
the number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening 
will cost $700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICs’ travel expenses.  If the delay 
results in the departure and re-scheduling of the SICs’ on-site service period, a $2,000 re-
scheduling fee would be charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not 
refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11). 
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on 
HPMS software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware 
and you must pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost 
varies based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. Currently, we estimate these 
