 
 
16 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
the specified time, we may terminate our offer. If we approve your Application subject to certain 
requirements, we may terminate our offer if you fail to meet those requirements. If we terminate 
our offer, we will not refund the Franchise Application Fee. If you withdraw your Application before 
we approve it, or if we deny your Application, we will refund the Franchise Application Fee, without 
interest, less a $7,500 processing fee, which may be waived or reduced at our discretion. If your 
Application is for a Change of Ownership and the Change of Ownership does not occur, we will 
refund your Franchise Application Fee, without interest and less a $7,500 processing fee. We 
have occasionally agreed to give full or partial refunds or to credit the non-refundable Franchise 
Application Fee toward the Franchise Application Fee of another application for the Brand if 
submitted and approved within 6 months or less, but we are not obligated to do so. If you increase 
the proposed number of rooms/suites after your Franchise Application is approved and before the 
opening of your Hotel under the Brand, you must obtain our approval and pay any additional 
Franchise Application Fee owed as if those additional rooms/suites were part of your original 
Franchise Application.  
While the Franchise Application Fee is usually applied uniformly, we may elect to reduce it after 
considering criteria which may include incentives for the development of hotels within the System, 
a hotel's market position, the property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a 
franchisee. In limited and unique circumstances, we may waive part of the Franchise Application 
Fee or negotiate the Franchise Application Fee for franchisees with whom we have previously 
dealt but we are not obligated to do so, even for franchisees possessing these characteristics. In 
2024, franchisees paid Franchise Application Fees ranging from $0 to $75,000 for Conversion, 
and $50,000 to $75,000 for Re-licensing.   
2. 
For a Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project, you must 
start and complete the renovation work by the dates we have agreed to in the Franchise 
Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an extension 
of any start date or completion date for your project, you must submit a written request before that 
date occurs. If we approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new 
project start and completion dates accordingly.  
Except, however, in Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be extended by 
30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 days’ notice 
to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request any further 
extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we approve your 
request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and completion dates 
accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, Change of Ownership, 
or room addition projects. 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, Digital Payment system, and the Hilton 
Opening Transition Tool.  You must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of 
these systems but not all of them, as described below.    
OnQ System.  Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” system, which connects System Hotels 
to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components for the 
