 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
 
7 
 
 
7. 
The available “free time” for unloading varies by transportation provider.  The receiver must be 
prepared to unload the truck upon arrival.  If receiving multiple full truckload shipments on the same 
day adequate time between trucks should be allotted.  Any additional costs for detention or delay 
during unloading may be billed back to buyer. 
 
8. 
Verify, inspect and count every shipment received by comparing the Bill of Lading/Packing List to the 
Purchase order to ensure complete delivery.  Note any shortages or discrepancies on the freight bill. 
 
9. 
Each carton should be in good condition when it arrives, if not, describe completely any signs of bad 
condition, excessive wear or handling marks, dents, crushes or appearance of improper handling or 
dropping with each carton on all copies of the freight bill.   Generic notes such as “subject to 
inspection” generally do not hold up in claims litigation. 
 
10. If a carton appears to be damaged to the extent the material inside may have been affected, make a 
joint inspection of the contents with the driver noting any findings on the delivery receipt.  Always 
retain a copy of the delivery receipt with damage notations and a driver signature.  
 
11. Use a digital camera to document any damage, packaging, loading irregularities or incidents.  These 
photographs will help to support a damage claim.   
 
12. Do not sign the freight bill until inspection of the shipment is completed. A driver cannot leave until 
the freight bill is signed; damage is reviewed, and noted in writing on all copies of the freight bill (bill 
of lading).  Driver and receiver should both sign any paperwork and agree on any damage notes. 
Please contact HSM immediately regarding any problems with delivery while the driver is still on the 
premises. 
 
Refusing Delivery 
 
1. 
It is the buyer’s responsibility to advise the HSM Project Supply Manager before refusing any 
shipment for any reason.  Failure to advise HSM of an impending delivery refusal may result in 
additional charges to the buyer for storage or re-delivery costs. 
 
Deliveries to a Warehouse 
 
1. 
When using a warehouse, the warehouse will be the ‘end’ destination for FOB responsibility for the 
supplier and HSM. 
 
2. 
Buyer must be sure proper receiving procedures will be followed with warehouse personnel when 
receiving product and acting as an agent for such receipts. 
 
3. 
Buyer’s designated warehouse will be responsible for notifying all parties of any damage and will 
either file damage claims on behalf of the buyer or provide information to the buyer of such damages 
in order for timely claims to be filed with suppliers or transportation providers.   
 
Product Storage 
 
1. 
Once products are unloaded, placed in temporary facility/container and stored the responsibility for 
loss or damage rests with the buyer.  Without proper climate control, items improperly stored are 
subject to damage and/or deterioration and additional costs may be required for repair/replacement. 
 
2. 
It is the responsibility of the buyer to assure that materials/products are not subjected to conditions 
or positioned/stacked in ways which could cause damage.  Any questions about durability or storage 
sensitivity (for such things as heat and humidity) of a particular product should be directed to the 
HSM Project Supply Manager.  They will facilitate communication with the supplier regarding proper 
storage instructions. 
 
3. 
It is strongly recommended that when storing products, the buyer check with their insurance carrier 
about purchasing a rider to their existing insurance policy or obtaining a separate umbrella policy to 
insure against losses or damage while items are in storage.  
 
