 
 
47 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
fees will range between $1,042 and $2,335 per month ($12,504 and $28,020 per year). These 
fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, Schedule B-2).  
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 
3 years or such longer period as we may designate.  We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the 
original installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation 
only).     
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system.  There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information.  We may 
change the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are 
made to the architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may 
require (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).   
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public spaces at your Hotel in 
accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”) (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 
and 5.1.6).  Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” 
You must install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and subscribe to an 
internet access service to meet this requirement.  
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software. The hardware and software for Guest Internet 
Access will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to 
the hardware and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone 
lines, network connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. We estimate that it will 
cost between $51,086 to $73,244 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, and 
certain other costs and fees, excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation.   
 
Guest Internet Access Circuit.  You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You must 
arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required connection locally. The cost will 
depend on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate 
that these together will cost between $921 and $1,665 per month ($11,052 and $19,980 per year). 
These fees are normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service.  You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet 
Access service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider.  The cost will depend 
on your Hotel’s size. Currently, we estimate that it will cost between $438 and $800 per month 
($5,256 and $9,600 per year). This estimate includes the monthly service for the 24x7 call center 
support and equipment break-fix maintenance. Your costs will depend on your Hotel’s size. These 
fees are normally not refundable. 
Guest Internet Access Refresh. You must refresh the Guest Internet Access system at least every 
4 years.  We may also require the Guest Internet Access system to be refreshed in connection 
with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We 
anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not 
including any elements that were needed for the original installation only).   
