 
 
37 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
 
Approved suppliers set their own prices and terms for each item in the Brand Package.  HSM 
may negotiate with approved suppliers to obtain volume price discounts and other beneficial terms 
for Brand Package items for our System hotels. Other beneficial terms could include, for example, 
no deposit ordering, expedited or guaranteed delivery dates, flexible payment terms, favorable 
warranties, or other terms. Because supply chain pricing and terms depend on many market 
variables, HSM cannot guarantee any price discounts or beneficial terms.  You are free to attempt 
to negotiate the price and terms for any item in the Brand Package with approved suppliers.      
 
You must use a Brand Package for the Conversion and opening of a Brand hotel.  You must also 
use Brand Package items when you maintain and repair, modernize, rehabilitate, renovate, 
refurbish and/or upgrade your Hotel. We may periodically add, remove, or modify any Brand 
Package or any item within a Brand Package at any time.   
 
Any required Supplies that are not part of a Brand Package must be acquired in accordance with 
our standards and specifications as described in the General Requirements section above. 
 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
Neither we nor any affiliate of ours owns any material interest in any approved supplier.  No officer 
of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must license Hilton’s proprietary computer software from HSS. You must purchase items 
bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved by us. We may derive profit 
from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and we do not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
$1,101,161,898 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below).  
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the sourcing and distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and 
supplies, certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. HSM seeks to negotiate 
lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and then passes these 
benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced under its program will 
provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the market. HSM may 
negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of our 
franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. Occasionally, HSM may 
negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for franchisees or 
their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may also permit competitor 
hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase arrangements. This is done 
to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining power for the benefit of our 
System. 
 
As described above, you must purchase or lease Brand Package items from approved suppliers, 
and you must use HSM as your Brand Package procurement service provider. You may purchase 
any other furniture, fixtures, and equipment and other supplies for your Hotel (which are not part 
