 
 
12 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
higher room rates at luxury hotels in certain markets. Hilton Worldwide intends to vigorously 
defend its interests in this matter. 
B. 
CONCLUDED ACTIONS – INVOLVING US OR HILTON (F/K/A HHC, HWI, AND 
PARK)  
State of Texas v. Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (District Court of Collin County, Texas, 
CAUSE NO. 296-02595-2023). 
On May 23, 2023, the plaintiff filed suit against Hilton alleging the violations of the Texas 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act in relation to how mandatory guest fees are disclosed to 
consumers. Mandatory guest fees are amounts that hotels charge guests for certain amenities 
separate from the daily room rate.  Plaintiff alleged that Hilton failed to include mandatory guest 
fees in advertisements and disclosures made to consumers during the telephone booking 
process, and improperly disclosed these fees only at the end of the online booking process. 
Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels have indicated that mandatory 
guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were routinely provided at no cost or 
bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised as free but were actually 
covered by the mandatory guest fee. Plaintiff sought an injunction, restitution for Texas 
consumers, civil penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs. In January 2025, the parties settled the 
case. Without admitting any fault, Hilton agreed to pay Texas $2.1 million and to disclose, display, 
and sort guest rooms by their total cost on its hotel reservation websites, require third party 
platforms to do the same, inform customers of all material facts about bookings, refrain from 
making misrepresentations or misleading customers, and comply with Texas law. 
 
State of Nebraska v. Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (District Court of Lancaster County, 
Nebraska, Case No. D02CI190002366). 
On July 23, 2019, the plaintiff filed suit against Hilton alleging the violations of the Nebraska 
Consumer Protection Act and Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act in relation to how mandatory 
guest fees are disclosed to consumers.  Mandatory guest fees are amounts that hotels charge 
guests for certain amenities separate and apart from the daily room rate, which may be called by 
different names such as resort fees, urban fees, or destination fees.  Plaintiff alleged that Hilton 
failed to include mandatory guest fees in advertisements and disclosures made to consumers 
during the telephone booking process, and improperly disclosed these fees only at the end of the 
online booking process.  Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels 
indicated that mandatory guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were 
routinely provided at no cost or bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised 
as free but actually covered by the mandatory guest fee.  Plaintiff sought an injunction, restitution 
for consumers, civil penalties, and attorneys’ fees and costs. In February 2024, without admitting 
any fault, Hilton entered into a settlement agreement with Plaintiff and agreed to pay $300,000 
and clearly disclose all mandatory fees and the total price for a booking. 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. Portland Hotel Ownership, et al. (Fairfax County Circuit Court, 
Case Number, Case Number 2020-14233).  
On September 17, 2020, we filed suit against Portland Hotel Ownership, LLC, a former franchisee 
of a Curio brand hotel, for breach of contract arising from the early termination of the franchise 
agreement. We also filed a breach of promissory note action against the franchisee and Jolaine 
Associates, LLC, as co-makers of a development incentive note issued in connection with the 
franchise agreement. The defendants counterclaimed on November 10, 2020, for breach of 
