 
 
69 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution. You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
HITS Agreement, 
and HSM Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the month 
10 to 15 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as we 
may approve. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination or 
expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
HSM Agreement        
§ 8(a) 
The HSM Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination or 
expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of 
the term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
HITS Agreement - 
Not applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
HSM Agreement - 
Not applicable 
The HSM Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HSM Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to 
renew or 
extend 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, in 
our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign a 
contract with materially different terms and conditions from the 
original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with any PIP 
performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement - 
Not applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if 
we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked 
to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different terms and 
conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
HSM Agreement - 
Not applicable 
The HSM Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if 
we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked 
to sign a new HSM Agreement with materially different terms and 
conditions from the original HSM Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term. If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on demand, 
Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover actual damages 
in certain circumstances. 
