 
 
53 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education.  This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select, and all fees are paid directly to the 
vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training. Currently, 
the maximum out of pocket cost for this program is $2,500 per participant. 
 
12. 
Brand Learning Programs.  This training is mandatory for all of your Hotel staff. It is 
conducted by the persons you designate to provide training periodically at your Hotel. It includes 
topics such as: New Employee Orientation and Culture Training (to be completed within 14 days 
of hire), Hospitality Training (to be completed within 60 days of hire) and Role Assigned 
Certification (to be completed within 45 days of hire). The amount of required training varies by 
role or function. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. It is included in the Pre-
Opening Training Resources. 
 
13. 
Industry Education.  This training is mandatory for Brand hotel owners. It is comprised 
of a series of courses from external education providers designed to help strengthen 
competencies in hospitality, asset, sales, revenue and quality management. These courses must 
be completed before opening or in connection with a Change of Ownership. Currently, there is no 
separate fee for this training. 
 
14. 
RISE Support. Your general manager must complete this training within 14 days of their 
start date. This training provides an overview of the RISE program, outlining the services it offers, 
key responsibilities, and how the RISE team collaborates with hotel teams. There is currently no 
additional fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time. 
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time. You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
 
During the operation of the franchised business we will: 
 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  
