 
 
54 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
Additionally, we will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, 
in advertising of System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing 
programs offered by us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System 
Hotels. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4).  
2. 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service 
currently connects System Hotels to our global reservations database and global 
distribution systems. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2). However, if your Hotel is in 
default we may suspend our obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement, including 
removing the listing of your Hotel from any directories we publish and from any advertising 
we publish, assessing any applicable non-compliance fee, and/or suspending or removing 
your Hotel from the Reservations Service. (Franchise Agreement, Section 13.3).  
3. 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
4. 
Provide you with the HSM Agreement and HSM’s Brand Package procurement services 
for any required maintenance and repair, or modernization, rehabilitation, renovation, 
refurbishment, and/or upgrading of your Hotel (see Item 8).   
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you or your personnel. Management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
Quality Assurance Program 
Our quality assurance program has multiple components. Under this program, we conduct 
periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits (including Stay Score 
assessments) to ensure your Hotel’s compliance with PIP requirements, renovation requirements, 
and overall System Standards.  Our quality assurance fees are listed in Item 6.  The intent of 
these fees is to recoup our actual costs as well as damage and losses incurred in connection with 
harm done to the Brand’s reputation and goodwill as a result of quality and service failures at 
Brand hotels.  Accordingly, any amounts collected in excess of our costs will be used to 
supplement the Monthly Program Fee for the benefit of the System and Network as described 
below, and will not be retained by us.   
Our Service Quality Improvement Program (formerly known as the Quality Improvement Program) 
is a part of our quality assurance program. Any hotel that fails to meet our minimum Service 
Quality Standards for more than 6 continuous months may be required to participate in our Service 
Quality Improvement Program, which consists of: (a) completion of a Service Improvement Plan 
for your Hotel; (b) you or your management’s successful completion of our service improvement 
process (which may include additional assessments, re-training, consulting and coaching, or other 
steps administered by us or third-party vendors we designate); and (c) payment of the applicable 
Service Quality Improvement program fees. We may waive one or more these requirements 
based on the particular circumstances at individual hotels. We plan to implement these updates 
to our Service Quality Improvement Program later this year. At that time, we might make certain 
adjustments to the program components and fees. See Item 6. 
