 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
2 
 
(a) Freight Charges.  Customer shall pay all freight charges for the Items.  Freight charges are calculated as a percentage of the 
overall project amount, and the overall project freight costs shall not exceed the proposal percentage for freight using standard means.  
Charges for expedited shipping or special delivery requests made by Customer will be added and billed above and beyond the overall 
freight percentage.  When specified as “budgetary only,” freight charges will be reconciled at the end of the project to bill or credit the 
Customer based on the actual amount.   
(b) Reimbursable Expenses.  Customer shall reimburse HSM for its out-of-pocket expenses that are reasonably incurred by HSM 
for work requested by Customer.  Such expenses include HSM's travel in connection with the project, when required by Customer, which 
shall be limited to the cost of any lodging, meals, air travel (coach class), taxi, bus, railway, or rented automobile expenses directly related 
to the project.  Reimbursables to be submitted with a pass-through rate of 1.0. 
6. 
Payment Schedule.  Customer shall make payments to HSM for the Items according to the schedule listed in the PCA.  If 
Customer fails to timely pay any amounts hereunder, HSM may, in addition to any other remedies to which it may be entitled, cease 
delivery of any and all Items yet to be delivered to the Property, and all amounts for Items already placed by HSM hereunder shall become 
immediately due in full.  After the completion of the final project reconciliation, HSM will issue a reimbursement check, if the proposal 
amount paid by Customer is greater than the actual costs incurred on the project.  Customer shall pay to HSM the amount outstanding 
no later than thirty (30) days after receiving a final invoice from HSM.  
  
7. 
Late Charges; Collection Costs. Customer shall pay to HSM a one and one-half percent (1-1/2%) late charge per month (or 
the highest percentage late charge permissible by law, if less) on all amounts not paid when due.  Customer shall reimburse HSM on 
demand for all costs (including reasonable attorney's fees) and other expenses HSM incurs in collecting the amounts due HSM by 
Customer which are not paid when due. 
8. 
Term and Termination.  
(a) This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall run concurrently with the Franchise Agreement and will 
automatically terminate on the termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement unless terminated earlier as specified below (“Term”). 
(b) This Agreement may be terminated by HSM upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, or immediately in the event: (i) Customer 
materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach where such breach is capable of being cured within 10 days’ of written 
notice of termination from HSM, (ii) there is a material adverse change in Customer’s business or financial condition; (iii) Customer ceases 
doing business; or (iv) Customer violates the Confidentiality or Restrictions provisions of this Agreement.   
9. 
Grant of Security Interest. To the extent permitted by any loan or indebtedness agreements to which Customer is a party 
(“Customer’s Loan Agreements”), HSM shall retain a security interest and Customer hereby grants to HSM a security interest in all the 
Items purchased hereunder, and in the proceeds of all sales or other dispositions of the foregoing (collectively, the “Collateral”), to secure 
Customer’s full payment and performance of all its obligations hereunder. So long as Customer is not in default hereunder or under the 
any agreement with HSM or its affiliates, Customer may in the regular course of business install and use the Items. The Collateral shall 
at all times be and remain as personal property and Customer warrants to HSM that the Collateral is and shall remain personal property, 
unless otherwise noted in the Project Documents. Customer shall not misuse, abuse, or permit the Collateral to deteriorate except for 
ordinary wear and tear from its intended primary use. The Collateral may be examined and inspected by HSM at any reasonable time 
during business hours, and shall not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, except as provided above, or subjected to any unpaid 
charge, including taxes or to any subsequent interest of a third party, unless HSM gives written consent in advance thereto, or all the 
obligations of Customer hereunder have been fully discharged. To the extent permitted by Customer’s Loan Agreements, Customer 
authorizes HSM to file and/or record such financing statements and other documents as HSM deems necessary or appropriate to perfect 
its security interest in the Collateral, and at HSM's request, Customer shall sign and execute alone or with HSM any financing statement 
or other document and pay all related costs HSM deems necessary or appropriate to protect the security interest granted hereunder.     
10. 
Default. In the event of a material default by Customer or any provision of this Agreement, HSM may require Customer, at its 
expense, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to HSM at a place designated by HSM, for the purpose of the sale of the 
collateral by HSM. 
11. 
Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable for delays or failure in its performance hereunder caused by an act of God, war, 
strike, fire, act of government, or any other cause, whether similar or dissimilar, beyond the control of that party.  
12. 
Risk of Loss; Acceptance.  Risk of loss for the Items shall pass to Customer when they are shipped from the Supplier to the 
Property.  Items shall be delivered F.O.B. destination.  HSM will assist Customer in arranging such shipping but shall not be the 
Customer’s agent for shipment purposes.  Customer shall inspect the Items immediately upon delivery and comply with the carrier’s 
requirements for reporting and filing any claims in accordance with the guidelines set forth in Exhibit II attached hereto.  HSM will assist 
Customer in filing and pursuing any claims against a Supplier for loss, damages, shortages, nonconformity, failure to deliver on time or 
any other breach or failure in accordance with the guidelines set forth in Exhibit II.  HSM will cooperate with Customer to the extent 
necessary and appropriate to enable Customer to pursue its claims, provided that Customer reimburse HSM for any out-of-pocket costs 
incurred as a result of such cooperation.  Once claims are paid by the carrier to HSM, HSM will apply the credit to the project account. 
