 
 
Page 4 
2025 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
 
(g) 
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, 
except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of 
first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
(i) 
The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then-current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
 
(ii) 
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or subfranchisor. 
 
(iii) 
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful 
obligations. 
 
(iv) 
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of the 
proposed transfer. 
 
(h) 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and 
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this 
subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a 
franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the 
lawful provisions of the Franchise Agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner 
provided in subdivision (c). 
 
(i) 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been 
made for providing the required contractual service. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY 
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.   
 
ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO: 
 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
CONSUMER PROTECTION DIVISION, FRANCHISE SECTION 
525 W. OTTAWA ST. 
G. MENNEN WILLIAMS BUILDING, FIRST FLOOR 
LANSING, MICHIGAN  48933 
517-373-7117 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Minnesota Franchise Investment Law 
 
1. 
Minnesota law provide that we must indemnify you against liability to third parties resulting from 
claims by third parties that your use of our trademarks infringes trademark rights of the third 
party. We do not indemnify you against the consequences of your use of our trademarks except 
in accordance with the requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and, as a condition to 
indemnification, you must provide notice to us of any such claim and tender the defense of the 
claim to us within 10 days after the claim is asserted. If we accept the tender of defense, we 
have the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or 
otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the 
claim. 
 
