 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE L 
TRU by Hilton or TEMPO by Hilton or SPARK or LivSmart Studios AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT REFRESH  
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the “HITS Agreement”) entered into between HSS and Customer for 
Customer’s Hotel (and if applicable, in anticipation of the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a TRU by Hilton or Spark Brand Hotel), 
Customer provided the Authorized Equipment as defined in the HITS Agreement needed, as determined solely by HSS, for the network 
operation of PEP licensed by HSS, all as described in the HITS Agreement, for the internal operation of Customer’s Hotel. 
In order that Customer’s Authorized Equipment will maintain compatibility with PEP and with updates to such software and in an effort to 
minimize Customer’s expenditures for maintenance and repair associated with older, out of warranty equipment, HSS plans for 
Customer’s Authorized Equipment to be replaced or refreshed by Customer on an approximate three (3) year cycle, commencing 
approximately three (3) years following Customer’s initial shipment of Authorized Equipment (the “Refresh”).  Customer's Refresh will be 
timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle.  If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates 
for equipment and software, Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, rent 
extension costs on Network Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance and software maintenance. 
Accordingly, in conjunction with any Refresh, Customer commits to the following: 
1. Equipment Acquisition and Installation.  Customer will purchase or lease the Authorized Equipment for use by Customer’s Hotel, 
including, but not limited to, as required for any Refresh, and will pay any shipping and transportation costs for such equipment.  Customer 
is responsible for the fees and costs for installation services relative to all such Authorized Equipment as well as any other equipment (as 
described in the HITS Agreement) used by Customer. 
2. Customer’s Additional Obligations.  Customer will: 
(a) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement (including any amendments thereto), including, but not 
limited to, being fully responsible for maintenance of the Authorized Equipment using the designated Preferred Provider 
as defined in the HITS Agreement. 
(b) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value of the 
Authorized Equipment 
(c) Pay any and all taxes (such as personal property and sales taxes) incident to the Authorized Equipment.   
(d) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any Authorized Equipment currently being 
used by Customer’s Hotel at the time of installation by Customer of any new Authorized Equipment.  It is also 
Customer’s responsibility to handle the return to Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in accordance 
with Customer’s current lease terms.  Customer will be solely responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment. 
(e) Preserve and protect the Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(f) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Authorized Equipment.   
(g) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Authorized Equipment. 
(h) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to PEP, the Proprietary Software and/or Authorized 
Equipment without prior specific written permission of HSS. 
(i) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as may be 
determined by HSS in its sole discretion 
3. Customer’s Conditions. Any Refresh is conditioned on the following:   
(a) Customer’s Hotel remains in the TRU by Hilton Brand division or Spark Brand division of HDOC or its affiliate or 
subsidiary (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(b) Customer remains bound by the HITS Agreement and any amendments in force at the time of a Refresh.   
