 
 
52 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
your staff have not completed the required training, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. 
Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
4. 
OnQ Rate & Inventory and GRO Training.  Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be 
utilizing the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective 
self-paced web-based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all 
reservations and revenue management staff have successfully completed training and have 
passed a certification test by at least a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff 
must be certified, based on the number of rooms. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, 
the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
5. 
Hilton Honors Training. The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University. 
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of hire, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
 
6. 
Hilton Core Sales Skills. All designated commercial leaders and sales staff must 
successfully complete this certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program 
teaches Hilton’s sales process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must 
complete the applicable track to complete the certification: The “Foundations” track is for 
attendees with less than 2 years of experience. It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. 
The “Accelerated” track is for attendees with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2-
week blended learning program. Currently, the cost is up to $600 per attendee. 
 
7. 
ADA Training.  If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change 
of Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an 
online training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to 
determine the Hotel’s compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
 
8. 
Annual Compliance Training. Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training 
requirements.  Topics may include diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, harassment 
prevention, human trafficking prevention, disability awareness, cyber security, and health and 
safety. For cyber security, disability awareness, human trafficking prevention, diversity and 
inclusion, and unconscious bias, we offer training at no cost. Alternatively, you may choose to 
obtain this training from a vendor of your choice, in which case the cost would be agreed between 
you and the vendor. For the compliance topics of harassment prevention and health and safety, 
we do not offer training, but will provide vendor recommendations upon request. We estimate 
vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 per person, per topic, for this training. 
 
9. 
Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand 
hospitality tools and resources including intro webinars and team member workshops. Currently 
there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
10. 
Owner Orientation.  Owner orientation is required for all first-time franchisees or 
management company representatives before beginning construction. Either you or the person 
you designate to supervise your general manager must participate. If a Change of Ownership 
takes place and the new Franchisee is a first-time Brand Franchisee, they must attend this 
program within 180 days of the transfer. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
