1 
 
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
Licensee Merchant Agreement 
Parties
This Licensee Merchant Agreement is entered 
into between: 
Licensee Establishment, a party entering into 
this Agreement by accepting it as part of the 
account creation process at Adyen; 
Adyen N.V. a public company registered in the 
Netherlands under company number 34259528 
whose registered office is at Simon 
Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ, Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands with its San Francisco branch 
office at 274 Brannan Street, Suite 600, San 
Francisco, CA 94107; 
 
 
Further referred to as the “Licensee 
Establishment”; 
 
Further referred to as “Adyen”; 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Services 
1.1 
Merchant Agreement 
- 
Adyen and Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (“Merchant”) signed a Merchant Agreement with an 
effective date of September 1, 2020 for the provision by Adyen of certain payment processing 
services to Merchant (the “Merchant Agreement”). 
- 
Licensee Establishment wishes to use an integration for POS Transactions that was approved by 
Adyen or an integration by Merchant of Adyen’s solution into the Merchant’s payments processing 
systems also used by Licensee Establishment and Merchant and Licensee Establishment wish 
Adyen to also provide the Services as described in the Merchant Agreement to Licensee 
Establishment for its business in the United States of America. 
- 
Adyen will provide Licensee Establishment with the Services as described in and under the terms 
of the Merchant Agreement (as amended from time to time), which terms are deemed accepted by 
Licensee Establishment and repeated in and applicable to this Licensee Merchant Agreement 
except as explicitly otherwise agreed herein. References to “Merchant” in the Merchant Agreement 
are deemed to be references to Licensee Establishment in the context of this Licensee Merchant 
Agreement and references to “Merchant Agreement” are deemed to be references to this Licensee 
Merchant Agreement with respect to the receipt of the Services. 
- 
The Merchant Agreement is available to Licensee Establishment through Hilton.com’s internal 
portal or https://lobbylite.hilton.com/hs3/1zvpc0cu/hilton-adyen-merchant-agreement.pdf and a 
copy of any modification, amendment or supplement to the Merchant Agreement applicable to 
Licensee Establishment shall promptly after such modification, amendment or supplement is 
effective be made available through the same means. For the avoidance of doubt: the Merchant 
Agreement and any modification, amendment or supplement thereto shall be treated as 
Confidential Information. 
 
Except as specifically set forth otherwise in the Merchant Agreement, this Licensee Merchant Agreement 
creates obligations only between Adyen and Licensee Establishment and neither Merchant nor any of its 
Affiliates shall have any responsibility, liability or obligation for any responsibility, liability or obligation of 
Licensee Establishment arising from or related to this License Merchant Agreement. Licensee 
Establishment shall seek to enforce rights or remedies only against Adyen with respect to any responsibility, 
liability or obligation arising from or related to this Licensee Merchant Agreement. 
 
 
