 
 
49 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening and is not 
refundable.  
Digital Key System 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key. There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
Digital Payment System 
You must install our approved Digital Payment system, which provides guests with the ability to 
pay for hotel charges using credit cards, debit cards, and digital payment apps and other online 
services that we approve, such as Google Pay and Apple Pay (“Digital Payments”). The approved 
credit cards, debit cards, third-party apps and other payment providers may change over time in 
accordance with the Standards.  
Currently, our approved Digital Payment system is provided by Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”), a third-party 
payment processor. Adyen’s system includes hardware and software, and interfaces with OnQ. 
To install and operate this system, you must open a merchant account and sign a participation 
agreement for your hotel to join our enterprise Licensee Merchant Agreement with Adyen. The 
material terms of the Licensee Merchant Agreement and Participation Agreement are shown in 
Exhibit N. If you seek to negotiate your own form of agreement with Adyen, it must contain the 
material terms in Exhibit N to provide for the proper interface and functioning of the system at 
your Hotel in accordance with our Standards. You must also sign a Refund Authorization with us, 
to enable the electronic processing of guest refunds. The form of Refund Authorization is also 
included in Exhibit N. We do not require you to enter into any maintenance agreements for this 
system.   
You do not have to pay any fees to us to install this system, but you must acquire the necessary 
software and hardware, including payment terminals, from Adyen. See Item 7 for the estimated 
installation costs. You do not have to pay any fees to us to operate this system, but you must pay 
the applicable transaction and service fees to Adyen, and any fees that you that apply to your 
merchant account at your bank. Adyen’s transaction and services may change over time and may 
vary depending upon the number of participating System or Network hotels. We do not receive 
any rebates or other consideration from Adyen. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, 
Adyen’s transactions fees are up to $175 per month ($2,100 per year).   
In the future we may replace Adyen and add additional payment processors for our approved 
Digital Payment system, or modify the contracts and logistical relationships, in which case there 
could be other costs and fees that would apply. 
 
 
