 
 
33 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
prototype model does not include any kitchens, restaurants or other food service facilities, 
swimming pools, health facilities, or dedicated meeting rooms. The cost estimates in this table do 
not include the repair or replacement of windows or exterior surface cladding (other than 
repainting); any mechanical, electrical, lighting, roofing, drainage, HVAC, fire or safety systems; 
any parking lot or structural elements of the building; or any other work that is not part of a typical 
Conversion.   
 
2. 
See Item 5 for more information about the Franchise Application Fee.  The Franchise 
Application Fee in the table is calculated based on the room count shown in this table. 
3. 
If you apply to convert an existing hotel to a Brand hotel or apply for a Change of 
Ownership or Re-licensing, we charge a PIP fee to determine the upgrading requirements for the 
hotel.  
4. 
For all new Brand hotels, we recommend and may require a market study from a nationally 
recognized independent firm which discusses the competition for your proposed hotel, together 
with a minimum 5-year operating pro forma from you, based on the market study, showing your 
anticipated operating results. While we do not require prospective franchisees who are converting 
existing hotels to obtain a market study, occasionally we may encourage a prospective franchisee 
to commission a market study to evaluate the economic consequences of Conversion. Our 
acceptance of the market study with a pro forma is not a financial performance representation on 
our part or a ratification of the projections performed by the consultant. 
5. 
You should consider obtaining an environmental assessment to determine the 
environmental condition of the land. Based on this report, additional investigations and tests may 
be necessary. Many lenders will require an environmental assessment report before providing 
financing.  
6. 
These estimates do not include the cost of the real property or related expenses, such as 
rent for a ground lease, due to wide variations in costs among geographic areas and at different 
sites. Real estate expenses for a hotel varies depending on location, size, market prices in the 
area, accessibility, and special assessments, among other factors.  If your Conversion project is 
for an existing hotel that you already own, you may have no additional real property costs.   
7. 
These estimates relate to the Conversion of an existing hotel to a Brand hotel with the 
elements we require based on the scope of the standard model Conversion project described in 
Note 1 above.  These estimates do not include any optional or additional expenses that you might 
incur for other work that is necessary outside of that scope, or that you may incur due to local 
requirements. Your actual expenditures will depend on many variables, such as the size and 
location of the real property, the quantity and quality of the items being purchased, the terms on 
which the purchases are made, and fluctuations in material and labor costs. The renovation costs 
for each Brand Conversion project will vary depending on the age of the facility (including building 
code compliance), performance-based requirements (including fire & life safety systems and 
strategy), the condition of the existing facility (including the physical integrity of the structure and 
envelope), and the state of all accoutrements (including the furniture, fixtures, equipment, and 
finishes that are not within the Brand Packages, described below) in relationship to conformance 
with our Brand Standards. We recommend that you independently investigate, before executing 
the Franchise Agreement, the cost of all such items as they will specifically affect your investment.   
8. 
This is an estimate for the total cost of furnishing a Brand hotel in the size shown. The 
cost of furniture, fixtures and equipment will depend on the number and type of guest rooms, the 
