 
 
35 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
15. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense.  This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name 
as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and 
notice requirements we specify in the Manual.  Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of 
location, size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
16. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
17. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
18. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting any specific existing hotel. 
19. 
“Contingencies” means unanticipated renovation cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses based on the scope of the Conversion project described in this Item 7.  You should 
assume it will be at least 10% of the construction/renovation costs. 
20. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
21. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
22. 
We have relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in the lodging business to compile 
these estimates. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making 
any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in this table are for the Conversion 
of an existing hotel to a Brand hotel based on the standard model Conversion project described 
in Note 1 above.  The costs of your Conversion project will depend on the specific type and 
condition of your existing hotel, its age, and physical structure. Because there are so many 
potential variables involving any particular existing hotel, we are unable to provide an estimate of 
costs for your specific Hotel. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must renovate, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with 
the Standards as compiled in our Brand Standards Manual ("Manual"). We regularly review, 
modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may periodically modify and update 
Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in technology, improved methods of 
manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new products, improved prices and other 
