{00264795-17} 
36 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
whatsoever that has happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship 
between you and us on or before the Effective Date of this Agreement. This release will survive the 
termination of this Agreement.  
 
16.9 
Remedies Cumulative. The remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative.  These 
remedies are not exclusive of any other remedies that you or we may be entitled to in case of any breach 
or threatened breach of the terms and provisions of this Agreement.  
 
16.10 
Economic Conditions Not a Defense. Neither general economic downturn or conditions 
nor your own financial inability to perform the terms of this Agreement will be a defense to an action by us 
or one of our Affiliates for your breach of this Agreement. 
 
16.11 
Representations and Warranties.  You warrant, represent and agree that all statements 
in your franchise application in anticipation of the execution of this Agreement, and all other documents and 
information submitted to us by you or on your behalf are true, correct and complete as of the date of this 
Agreement. You further represent and warrant to us that: 
 
16.11.1 
you have independently investigated the risks of operating the Hotel under the 
Brand, including current and potential market conditions and competitive factors and risks, and have made 
an independent evaluation of all such matters and reviewed our franchise disclosure document, if 
applicable;   
 
16.11.2 
neither we nor our representatives have made any promises, representations or 
agreements other than those provided in the Agreement or in our franchise disclosure document provided 
to you in connection with the offer of this Agreement, if applicable, and you acknowledge that you are not 
relying on any promises, representations or agreements about us or the franchise not expressly contained 
in this Agreement in making your decision to sign this Agreement;   
 
16.11.3 
you have the full legal power authority and legal right to enter into this 
Agreement; 
 
16.11.4 
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation and your entry 
into, performance and observation of this Agreement will not constitute a breach or default of any agreement 
to which you are a party or of any Law; 
 
16.11.5 
if you are a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity, you are, and 
throughout the Term will be, duly formed and validly existing, in good standing in the state in which you are 
organized, and are and will be authorized to do business in the state in which the Hotel is located;  
 
16.11.6 
no Equity Interest has been issued, converted to, or is held as, bearer shares or 
any other form of ownership, for which there is no traceable record of the identity of the legal and beneficial 
owner of such Equity Interest; and 
 
16.11.7 
you hereby indemnify and hold us harmless from any breach of these 
representations and warranties, which will survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
16.12 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original, and the Parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means.  
 
16.13 
Sanctioned Persons and Anti-bribery Representations and Warranties. 
 
16.13.1 
You represent, warrant and covenant to us and our Affiliates, on a continuing 
basis, that: 
 
16.13.1.1 neither you, nor any Person having Control over you or the Hotel, is a 
Sanctioned Person;  
