 
 
67 
2025 US Spark by Hilton 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services. 
In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, 
amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection with 
the hotel. You must comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications 
for all supplies and our policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies. High 
standards are the essence of the System we license to you.  
You must operate your Hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances. You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip your Hotel in a clean, 
safe and orderly manner and in first-class condition under the provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement and the Standards, and in compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, 
customs and regulations, including maintaining and conducting your business using sound 
business and financial practices. You must adopt, use and comply with the Standards, and keep 
your Manual current at all times. You must also provide efficient, courteous and high-quality 
service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms set forth in the Addendum 
to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes in 
structure, design, or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval. You may not offer any 
dedicated meeting rooms for guests or public use.  You may not offer products or services unless 
and until they have been approved by us. Minor redecoration and minor structural changes that 
comply with our standards and specifications will not be considered significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as food service and 
other concessions, parking facilities, guest laundry, and housekeeping services. As described in 
Item 8, we may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those 
companies’ branded products or services, and we may require or permit your Hotel to participate 
in those promotional programs. We may also require or permit your Hotel to accept guests with 
pets, and provide amenities, products, or services related to those pets. The types and quality of 
the products, services, and amenities that your Hotel offers, and any related charges that you 
assess guests, must comply with our Standards.  
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade your Hotel’s furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications 
specified in the Manual. These standards will benefit the System as a whole. You must make 
these changes at your sole cost and expense. You must also maintain acceptable product quality 
ratings at your Hotel and maintain the hotel in accordance with the Standards. We may make 
limited exceptions from some of those Standards based on local conditions or special 
circumstances, but we are not required to do so.  
