 
Purchasing Program Agreement (USA/CA) 
                                                           Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
4 
 
Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22102. Any notice sent to Customer shall be sent to Customer’s address set forth in the introduction of 
this Agreement.   
18. 
Governing Law; Venue.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted pursuant to the internal laws of the State of 
New York USA, excluding any laws regarding the choice or conflict of laws. Any litigation concerning this Agreement or any aspect of the 
relationship between HSM and Customer created by this Agreement shall be heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the 
Eastern District of Virginia in Alexandria, Virginia or, if federal jurisdiction is lacking, in the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia in 
Fairfax County, Virginia.   
19. 
Complete Agreement; Modification.  This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding of the parties regarding 
the Services and supersedes any prior written or oral agreements.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and 
the terms of any attachments, proposals, invoices, purchase orders, or any other documents or correspondence, the terms of this 
Agreement shall prevail.  This Agreement may only be modified by a subsequent writing executed by duly-authorized representatives of 
both parties which expressly states that it is a modification of this Agreement.  
20. 
Restrictions.  Customer represents, warrants, and covenants that Customer (including its owners, shareholders, officers and 
directors) is not owned or controlled by a “Restricted Person”, which is defined as (1) the government of any country subject to an 
embargo imposed by the United States government, (2) an individual or entity located in or organized under the laws of a country that is 
subject to an embargo imposed by the United States Government, (3) individuals or entities ordinarily resident in any country subject to 
an embargo imposed by the United States Government, or (4) individuals or entities identified by an government or legal authority with 
whom Costumer, HWI or affiliates are prohibited or restricted including persons designated under the U.S. Department of Treasury's 
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked Persons (including terrorists and 
narcotics traffickers); and similar restricted party listings, including those maintained by other governments pursuant to United Nations, 
regional or national trade or financial sanctions.  Customer shall notify HSM or HWI in writing immediately upon an occurrence of the 
above events. 
21. 
Miscellaneous.  Neither party shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement and if this Agreement is construed in any 
court or arbitration proceeding, said court or arbitrator shall not construe this Agreement or any provision hereof against either party as 
the drafter hereof.  If any arbitration, litigation or other proceeding is commenced arising out of, concerning or related to any provision of 
this Agreement, or the rights and duties of any party hereunder, the prevailing party in such litigation or proceeding shall be entitled, in 
addition to such other relief as may be granted, to recover its actual attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by reason of such proceeding.  
If any phrase, clause or provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, 
such phrase, clause or provision shall be deemed separate from this Agreement but will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, 
which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.  Customer may not assign any of its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of HSM.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and the 
respective successors and permitted assigns.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, by the signature of its respective authorized representative, each of the Parties agrees to be bound by all of 
the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
HSM 
Hilton Supply Management, LLC 
 
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
By: 
%HiltonApproverSignature% 
 
By: 
%HotelApproverSignature% 
 
Name: 
%AMERCountersigner% 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
Title: 
%AMERCountersignerTitle% 
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
Date: 
 
%HiltonApprovedDate%  
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  
