                                 AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                    FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                  FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND

         THIS AMENDMENT is made and entered into by and between A Sub Above, LLC (“Franchisor”)
and                                     (“Franchisee” or “You”). Franchisor and Franchisee are parties
that certain Franchise Agreement dated                 , 20    (the “Franchise Agreement”). This
Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement. This Amendment is being signed
because (a) You are domiciled in Maryland, and/or (b) the Franchised Restaurant that you will operate
under the Franchise Agreement will be located in Maryland.

         MARYLAND LAW MODIFICATIONS

        1.        The Maryland Securities Division requires that certain provisions contained in franchise
documents be amended to be consistent with Maryland law, including the Maryland Franchise Registration
and Disclosure Law, Md. Code Ann., Bus. Reg. §§ 14-201 - 14-233 (1998 Repl. Vol. & Supp. 2002). To
the extent that this Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions
are hereby amended:

         a.        Franchisee is required in this Franchise Agreement to execute a release of claims and/or to
                   acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial review any statement,
                   misrepresentation or action that would violate the Act, or a rule or order under the Act.
                   Such release shall exclude claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
                   Disclosure Law, and such acknowledgments shall be void with respect to claims under the
                   Law.

         b.        This Franchise Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the
                   State of Maryland. The requirement shall not be interpreted to limit any rights Franchisee
                   may have under Sec. 14-216 (c)(25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
                   Law to bring suit in the state of Maryland.

         c.        This Franchise Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State
                   of Maryland. However, to the extent required by applicable law, Maryland law will apply
                   to claims arising under the Maryland Franchise and Disclosure Law.

         d.        As required by COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition of
                   renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland
                   Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

         e.        This Franchise Agreement is hereby amended to reflect that any claims arising under the
                   Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after
                   the grant of the franchise.

         f.        Section 14-226 of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law prohibits a
                   franchisor from requiring a prospective franchisee to assent to any release, estoppel or
                   waiver of liability as a condition of purchasing a franchise. This Franchise Agreement
                   requires prospective franchisees to disclaim the occurrence and/or acknowledge the
                   non-occurrence of acts that would constitute a violation of the Franchise Law. Such
                   representations are not intended to nor will they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any
                   liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law resulting
                   from the offer or sale of the franchise.
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
