      18.3      Franchisee shall immediately and permanently cease to use, by advertising or in any
manner whatsoever, any Confidential Information, the Marks, any Contact Identifiers (as defined in Section
18.6) or any Online Presence. In particular, Franchisee shall cease to use, without limitation, all signs,
advertising materials, stationery, forms, and other articles which display the Marks associated with the
System. Franchisor shall have the right to deactivate Franchisee’s POS System.

      18.4      Franchisee shall take such action as may be necessary to assign to Franchisor or
Franchisor’s designee any assumed name rights or equivalent registration filed with state, city, or county
authorities which contains the name “JERSEY MIKE’S” or any other service mark or trademark of
Franchisor of compliance with this obligation within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

      18.5      Franchisee agrees, in the event it continues to operate or subsequently begins to operate
any other business, not to use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy or colorable imitation of the Marks either
in connection with such other business or its promotion, which may cause confusion with such other
business or its promotion or which may cause confusion, mistake or deception, or which may dilute
Franchisor’s exclusive rights in and to the Marks and further agrees not to utilize any designation of origin
or description or representation which falsely suggests or represents an association or connection with
Franchisor so as to constitute unfair competition. Franchisee shall make such modifications or alterations
to the Premises operated hereunder immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement as may
be necessary to prevent any association between Franchisor or the System and any business thereon
subsequently operated by Franchisee or others, and shall make such specific additional changes thereto as
Franchisor may reasonably request for that purpose. In the event Franchisee fails or refuses to comply with
the requirements of this Section 18, Franchisor shall have the right to enter upon the Premises where
Franchisee’s Franchised Restaurant was conducted, without being guilty of trespass or any other tort, for
the purpose of making or causing to be made such changes as may be required at the expense of Franchisee,
which expense Franchisee agrees to pay upon demand.

       18.6      Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, Franchisee shall assign to Franchisor (or its designee) all telephone numbers, directory listings
and any other type of contact information used by or that identifies or is associated with the Franchised
Restaurant (“Contact Identifiers”) and Franchisee shall notify the telephone company and all listings
agencies of the termination or expiration of Franchisee’s right to use any Contact Identifiers and any regular,
classified or other telephone directory listing associated with the Marks and to authorize a transfer of same
to or at the direction of Franchisor. Franchisee irrevocably constitutes and appoints Franchisor and its
designees as Franchisee’s agent and attorney-in-fact to effect the transfer of the Franchised Restaurant’s
Contact Identifiers, including authority to execute and deliver on Franchisee’s behalf any transfer of service
agreement the telephone company requires, and to revoke any call-forwarding or similar instructions
Franchisee has given the telephone company. Franchisor shall have no liability to Franchisee on account
of or arising from any action it authorizes or takes to effect the transfer of the Franchised Restaurant’s
Contact Identifiers in accordance with this Section 18.6.

       18.7         Franchisee shall promptly pay all sums owing to Franchisor and its Affiliates.

                    a. In the event this Agreement is terminated prior to the end of its term due to Franchisee’s
                       default, such sums shall include costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’
                       fees, incurred by Franchisor as a result of the default.

                    b. In the event this Agreement is terminated prior to the end of its term due to Franchisee’s
                       default, Franchisee shall promptly pay to Jersey Mike’s a lump sum payment as
                                                    29
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
