person, persons, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, own, maintain, engage
in, consult with, or have any interest in any Competitive Business located or operating:

                    a. Within the Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area (“SMSA”) as that term is defined by
                       the Census Bureau of the United States, in which the Franchised Restaurant is located;
                       or

                    b. Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the Premises hereunder; or

                    c. Within a radius of ten (10) miles of the premises of any other Jersey Mike’s Restaurant.

      16.5       Franchisee further agrees not to divulge to any person, partnership, corporation or any other
entity any information which Franchisor identifies as proprietary, including, without limitation, any trade
secrets, the ingredients, recipes, cooking techniques and processes, used in the sandwiches and other food
products used in the System, any information stated in the Manual, any business plans, marketing plans,
product pricing, rebates, and advertising plans.

       16.6     The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be construed as independent
of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or any portion of a covenant in this Section 16
is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an unappealed final
decision to which Franchisor is a party, Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant
subsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the
resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Section 16.

      16.7       Franchisee understands and acknowledges that Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant described in Sections 16.3 and 16.4 in this Agreement, or
any portion of any covenant, without Franchisee’s consent, effective immediately upon receipt by
Franchisee of written notice from Franchisor, and Franchisee agrees that it shall comply forthwith with any
covenant as so modified, which shall be fully enforceable notwithstanding the provisions of Section 17 of
this Agreement.

     16.8        Sections 16.3 and 16.4 shall not apply to ownership by Franchisee of less than five percent
(5%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any corporation which is registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

      16.9      Franchisor shall have the right to require all of Franchisee’s personnel performing
managerial or supervisory functions and all personnel receiving special training from Franchisor to execute
similar covenants in a form satisfactory to Franchisor.

   17.    DEFAULT AND TERMINATION

      17.1        If Franchisee is in substantial compliance with this Agreement and Franchisor materially
breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within a reasonable time after written notice by
Franchisee is delivered to Franchisor, Franchisee may terminate this Agreement. Such termination shall be
effective thirty (30) days after delivery to Franchisor of notice that such breach has not been cured and
Franchisee elects to terminate this Agreement. A termination of this Agreement by Franchisee for any
reason other than breach of this Agreement by Franchisor and Franchisor’s failure to cure such breach




                                                   25
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
