       19.3       Involuntary Asset Transfers. No involuntary Asset Transfer or partitioning of Franchisee’s
or its Principals’ interest in this Agreement, whether in connection with a bankruptcy, foreclosure, divorce
or other proceeding, will be effective against Franchisor unless (1) and until the transferee furnishes
Franchisor a signed guaranty under which the transferee agrees to be jointly and severally liable for the
payment of Franchisee’s monetary obligations under this Agreement, whether or not such obligations are
then delinquent, (2) and until the transferee agrees in writing to be personally bound by the confidentiality
provisions and restrictive covenants in this Agreement, and (3) the Asset Transfer encompasses
Franchisee’s and the Principals’ total interest in this Agreement, irrevocably designates and appoints
Franchisee to be the transferee’s agent and attorney-in-fact with whom Franchisor may deal for all purposes
expressed in or contemplated by this Agreement.

      19.4       Conditions to Ownership Interest Transfer. Neither Franchisee nor any Principal shall
effectuate an Ownership Interest Transfer (defined in Section 31) before the Franchised Restaurant opens
for business under any circumstances. After the Franchised Restaurant opens for business, any Ownership
Interest Transfer will be subject to Franchisor’s prior written consent. Franchisor may condition its consent
on compliance with certain requirements, including, without limitation, any of the following (which
Franchisee agrees are reasonable):

                    a. At the time of the Ownership Interest Transfer, Franchisee is in full compliance with
                       its obligations under this Agreement, and all other agreements with Franchisor and its
                       Affiliates, including payment of all monetary obligations due Franchisor and its
                       Affiliates.

                    b. Each principal of the proposed transferee meets Franchisor’s criteria for qualifying as
                       a new franchisee and delivers a signed Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations.

                    c. If the Ownership Interest Transfer involves Control of the Ownership Interests in
                       Franchisee, the transferees comply with Section 19.2 and all its subsections.

                    d. Franchisee and each of its Principals and Guarantors shall provide to Franchisor an
                       unconditional, general release of all claims it may have against Franchisor, its
                       Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners and employees

      19.5        Waiver of Interference Claims. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has legitimate
reasons to evaluate the qualifications of potential transferees and to analyze and critique the terms of their
purchase contracts with Franchisee. Franchisee also acknowledges that Franchisor’s contact with potential
transferees for the purpose of protecting its business interests will not constitute improper or unlawful
conduct. Franchisee expressly authorizes Franchisor to investigate any potential transferee’s qualifications,
to analyze and critique the proposed purchase terms with the transferee, and to withhold consent to
economically questionable transactions. Franchisee and its Principals waive any and all claims that actions
taken by Franchisor or its representatives in relation to a proposed Transfer to protect Franchisor’s business
interests constitute tortious interference with contractual or business relationships.

       19.6         Special Transfers.

                    a. If Franchisee is an individual or partnership who at any time advises Franchisor that
                       Franchisee wants to assign the Franchise to a corporation or to limited liability
                       company in which Franchisee will own one hundred percent (100%) of the Ownership
                       Interest (and, in the case of a partnership, will share ownership in the corporation or
                       limited liability company apportioned substantially the same as were the partnership
                                                    33
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
