ratifying and confirming all that its said attorney (or any substitute) shall lawfully do hereunder and pursuant
hereto. Nevertheless, if so requested by the Secured Party or a purchaser or lessee, the Debtor shall ratify
and confirm any sale, lease, or other disposition by executing and delivering to the Secured Party or such
purchaser or lessee all proper bills of sale, assignments, releases, leases, and other instruments as may be
designated in any such request;

                (iv) to execute and file in the name of and on behalf of the Debtor all financing statements
or other filings deemed necessary or desirable by the Secured Party to evidence or perfect the security
interests herein granted;

             (v) to demand, receive, sue for, and give receipts as acquittances for any moneys due or to
become due on any pledged stock or Collateral; and

               (vi) with respect to any Collateral, to assent to any or all extensions or postponements of the
time of payment thereof or any other indulgence in connection therewith, to the substitution, exchange, or
release of Collateral, to the addition or release of any party primarily or secondarily liable, to the acceptance
of partial payments thereon and the settlement, compromise, or adjustment thereof, all in such manner and
at such time or times as the Secured Party shall deem advisable.

      3.8      The Debtor also agrees, upon request of the Secured Party, to assemble the Collateral and
make it available to the Secured Party at any place designated by the Secured Party which is reasonably
convenient to the Secured Party and the Debtor.

4.     MISCELLANEOUS.

       4.1     This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of New Jersey.

      4.2      This Agreement shall be terminated only by the filing of a termination statement in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other relevant law. Until
terminated, the security interest hereby created shall continue in full force and effect and shall secure and
be applicable to all advances now or hereafter made by the Secured Party whether or not the Debtor is
indebted to the Secured Party immediately prior to the time of any such advance.

       4.3      This Agreement and all the rights and remedies of the Secured Party shall inure to the benefit
of the Secured Party's successors and assigns and to any other holder who derives from the Secured Party
any title to or an interest in the Indebtedness or any portion thereof, and shall bind the Debtor and the
successors, and to the extent permitted by Secured Party, the assigns of the Debtor.

       4.4     Notwithstanding any limitation contained herein, any indebtedness owing from the Secured
Party to the Debtor can be set off and applied by the Secured Party on any Indebtedness at any time and
from time to time, either before or after maturity upon demand or notice to anyone.

       4.5      In the event that any mandatory requirement of applicable law shall obligate the Secured
Party to give prior notice to the Debtor of any action to be taken hereunder, the Debtor hereby agrees that
a written notice, given to it at least five days before the date of any such act, shall be deemed to be reasonable
notice of such act and, specifically, reasonably notification of the time after which any private sale, lease,
or other disposition intended to be made hereunder is to be made, unless a shorter notice period is reasonable
under the circumstances. A notice shall be deemed to be given hereunder when delivered to the Debtor or
when placed in an envelope addressed to the Debtor and deposited, with postage thereon prepaid, in a post
office or official depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Postal Service. The
mailing shall be registered, certified, or first class mail.

                                               Franchisor/Company’s Copy
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. K – 2025_12 Coach Rod Smith Program Amendment
1264.005.010/441104
