      13.6       All sandwiches, menu items, breads, meats, cheeses, ingredients, toppings, spice mixes and
other food and beverage products and materials, container, packaging materials, other paper and plastic
products, plates, cups, utensils, menus, uniforms, forms, cleaning and sanitation materials and other
materials and supplies used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant shall conform to the specifications
and quality standards established by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee may purchase such products
which meet Franchisor’s specifications and quality standards from Franchisor and its Affiliates if they offer
such products, or from suppliers approved by Franchisor as meeting its criteria for JERSEY MIKE’S
suppliers. If Franchisee proposes to offer for sale at the Franchised Restaurant any brand of product, or to
use in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant any brand of food ingredient or other material or supply,
which is not then approved by Franchisor as meeting its minimum specifications and quality standards, or
to purchase any product from a supplier that is not then designated by Franchisor as an approved supplier,
Franchisee shall first notify Franchisor and shall upon request by Franchisor submit samples and such other
information as Franchisor requires for examination and/or testing or to otherwise determine whether such
product, material or supply, or such proposed supplier, meets its specifications and quality standards.
Franchisor will not be obligated to respond to Franchisee’s request, and any actions Franchisor takes in
response to Franchisee’s request will be at Franchisor’s discretion, including the assessment of a fee to
compensate Franchisor for the time and resources Franchisor spends in evaluating the proposed product
and/or supplier. Franchisor may, with or without cause, revoke Franchisor’s approval of any product and/or
supplier at any time.

      13.7      Franchisee agrees that all menu items shall be prepared in accordance with recipes, cooking
techniques and processes designated by Franchisor. Franchisee acknowledges that such recipes, cooking
techniques and processes are integral to the System and failure to adhere to such recipes, cooking techniques
and processes shall be detrimental to the System and the Marks.

      13.8      Franchisee agrees to fully comply with all System Standards, including without limitation,
all System Standards relating to:

               a. The safety and maintenance, cleanliness, sanitation, function and appearance of the
                  Premises and its equipment, fixtures, decor and signs and maintenance and service
                  agreements;

               b. Training, dress, general appearance and demeanor of Franchised Restaurant employees;

               c. Type, quality, taste, portion control and uniformity, and manner of preparation, packaging,
                  displays and sale, of all sandwiches and other food items sold by the Franchised Restaurant
                  and of all food, beverages and other products used in their preparation, packaging and sale;

               d. Hours and days during which the restaurant will be open for business;

               e. Advertising promotional programs;

               f.   Use and retention of standard forms;

               g. Use and illumination of signs, posters, displays, menu boards and similar items;

               h. Identification of Franchisee as the owner of the Franchised Restaurant;

               i.   The handling of customer complaints;


                                                  18
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
