Franchisor. Any change in the location identified on the Summary Pages shall be made in the form of an
amendment to this Agreement, which must be signed by Franchisor and Franchisee.

        Franchisee shall not use any other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, direct
marketing, etc., without Franchisor’s prior written approval. Franchisor retains the right to use other
channels of distribution (e.g., the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing) inside
Franchisee’s territory using Franchisor’s principal trademarks.

         1.2     Franchisor will not, so long as this Agreement is in force and effect and Franchisee is not
in default under any of this Agreement’s terms, enfranchise or operate any other JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurant from a location within the designated area described on the Summary Pages (“Designated
Area”), with the following exceptions: Franchisor reserves the right to place company-owned or franchised
Restaurants at “non-traditional venues,” such as airports, casinos, arenas, hospitals, hotels, malls, military
installations, national parks, schools, stadiums and theme parks, within Franchisee’s Designated Area.
Franchisor reserves the right to place company-owned or franchised Restaurants outside the Designated
Area. Franchisor also reserves the right to acquire or to be sold to a competing franchise system, which may
or may not include restaurants in the Designated Area. Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that
other JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants, food aggregators, or third-party delivery service providers may deliver
to customers located in the Designated Area.

        1.3     Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor the Initial Franchise Fee described on the Summary
Pages upon execution of this Agreement, which shall be deemed fully earned and non-refundable, as
consideration for expenses incurred by Franchisor in furnishing assistance and services to Franchisee and
for Franchisor’s lost or deferred opportunity to franchise others, except as may be specifically provided in
this Agreement or any Exhibit attached to this Agreement.

   2.     TERM AND RENEWAL

       2.1      This Agreement shall be effective and binding from the date of its execution by Franchisor
(the “Effective Date”) and shall expire ten (10) years from the date on which the Restaurant opens for
operations (“Opening Date”), which shall be identified on Exhibit C-1. Upon confirmation by a
representative of Franchisor, Exhibit C-1 may be completed and executed on or after the Opening Date,
and will be seen as having full force and effect, without formal amendment to this Agreement.

       2.2       Franchisee shall have the option to renew this franchise at the expiration of the initial term
of the franchise for one (1) additional term of ten (10) years, provided that all of the following conditions
have been fulfilled:

                    a. Franchisee has, during the entire term of this Agreement, substantially complied with
                       all its provisions;

                    b. Franchisee maintains possession of the premises of the Restaurant (“Premises”) and by
                       the Expiration Date has brought the Franchised Restaurant into full compliance with
                       the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing JERSEY MIKE’S
                       Restaurants, including, without limitation, its current image and decorative standards,
                       and presents evidence satisfactory to Franchisor that it has the right to remain in
                       possession of the Premises for the duration of any renewal term; or, in the event
                       Franchisee is unable to maintain possession of the Premises, or in the judgment of
                       Franchisor the Franchised Restaurant should be relocated, Franchisee secures
                       substitute Premises approved by Franchisor and has furnished, stocked and equipped
                                                    2
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
