              10. Under Section 14.2 of the Franchise Agreement,

                   a.     Provide a list of established sources of equipment, foods, supplies and containers
          used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and provide specifications for such products;

                    b.        Coordinate product distribution for local, regional and national suppliers; and

                    c.        Establish service and product quality standards for use in Franchised Restaurants.

            11. Unless prohibited by applicable law, Company may periodically set a maximum or
minimum price that you may charge for products and services offered by Franchised Restaurants. If
Company imposes such a maximum or minimum price for any product or service, you may charge any
price for the product or service up to and including Company’s designated maximum price or down to and
including Company’s designated minimum price. (Franchise Agreement - Section 14.1)

            12. Provide you with specifications and support for the point-of-sale (“POS”) system you must
use. Company will have full and independent access to certain of your data, systems and related information
by Internet, Company private network, and direct access, whether in person or by telephone/modem.
Company will be able to gather sales and product information from your point-of-sale system including but
not limited to: gross total; tax total; employee discounts; coupons redeemed; voids; no sales; eat-in and
take-out totals; delivery totals; non-taxable total; taxable total; vendor invoices and inventory for food,
paper products, and cleaning products; bread sold; description and quantity of products sold; and employee
work hours. The POS System runs proprietary software and transmits sales data over Company’s private
network via a local internet connection to Company’s server for storage and reporting purposes. If your
Restaurant is located within an Area Director’s territory, such Area Director may also have access to this
information.

             You will need additional computer hardware or software to use the POS system. Company’s
approved POS System is comprised of a PC-based POS retail terminal with cash drawer, customer-facing
terminal, and receipt printer. This equipment must be purchased through Company approved hardware and
software vendors. Currently, all hardware and software must be purchased through ReSource Point of Sale,
LLC at a cost of approximately $7,500 per register. This is subject to change without notice. You must
provide a dedicated Internet connection. You must also pay Company a POS license fee at the current cost
of $2,000 per register, which is subject to change. Your Restaurant will typically have 1 to 2 registers. You
must reimburse Company for the hardware, software, and installation Company pays its designated supplier
to connect your Restaurant to Company’s private redundant network at a cost of $4,500 per Restaurant.
This cost is subject to change without notice. You are also responsible for additional charges incurred during
installation through no fault of Company, including, but not limited to, cancellation fees, Internet not ready
fees, rush fees and site not ready fees.

            You will need to pay a monthly fee for secure network access and monitoring. Company may
collect the fee, the majority of which is paid to a designated vendor, via your automatic clearing house
(ACH) account, or you may be required to pay this fee through the designated vendor. This fee is currently
$31.85 per month, but may increase up to $39.85 per month within 12 months following the issuance date of
this Disclosure Document and is subject to further change.

            You will need to pay a monthly fee in an amount Company determines for the Software License
and Support Package which includes all currently provided software programs, licensing fees, software
upgrades, and support services (“Help Desk”). Company may collect the fee via your automatic clearing
house (ACH) account, or you may be required to pay this fee through Company’s designated vendor. This
fee is currently $395 per month, but may increase up to $795 per month within the 12 months following the
issuance date of this Disclosure Document and is subject to further change.


                                                          32
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
