                                     EXHIBIT B TO PROMISSORY NOTE

                          GUARANTY AND ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS

    1. In consideration of, and as an inducement to, the execution of the Note of even date herewith (the
       “Note”) by Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC (“Holder”), [_____________] (the
       “Guarantors”) hereby personally and unconditionally guarantee the punctual payment when due of
       all obligations of [_____________] (the “Maker”) to Holder now or hereafter existing under the
       Note, whether for principal, interest, fees or otherwise (such obligations, the “Indebtedness”, and
       such guaranty, the “Guaranty”). Maker and Holder acknowledge and agree that the execution of
       this Guaranty by the Guarantors is a material inducement to Holder to execute the Note and that
       Holder would not have executed the Note without this Guaranty.

    2. This Guaranty is and is intended to be a continuing guaranty of payment of the Indebtedness
       (irrespective of the aggregate amount thereof and whether or not the Indebtedness from time to
       time exceeds the amount of this Guaranty, if limited), independent of, in addition and without
       modification to and does not impair or in any way affect any other guaranty, endorsement or other
       agreement held by Holder therefor or with respect thereto, whether or not furnished by Guarantors.
       This Guaranty and Guarantors’ obligations hereunder shall not be modified, terminated, impaired
       or in any way affected by the execution, delivery or performance by Guarantors, Maker or any
       other person of any other guaranty, endorsement or other agreement or the delivery of collateral
       therefor.

    3. This Guaranty is unlimited in amount, is absolute and unconditional and shall not be changed or
       affected by any representation, oral agreement, act or thing whatsoever, except as herein provided.
       This Guaranty is intended by Guarantors to be the final, complete and exclusive expression of the
       agreement between Guarantors and Holder regarding the subject matter hereof. Guarantors
       expressly disclaim any reliance on any course of dealing or usage of trade or oral representation of
       Holder including, without limitation, representations of Holder to make loans to Maker or enter
       into any other agreement with Maker or Guarantors. No modification or amendment of any
       provision of this Guaranty and no waiver of any right by Holder shall be effective unless in writing
       and signed by Holder (or a duly authorized officer thereof, if applicable). Guarantors guarantee that
       the obligations of the Maker under the Note will be paid strictly in accordance with its terms,
       regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting
       any of such terms or the rights of the Holder with respect thereto. The liability of the Guarantors
       under this Guaranty shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of any change in the time,
       manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of the Maker
       under the Note, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from the Note.

    4. This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect until all Indebtedness outstanding, or contracted
       or committed for (whether or not outstanding), and any extensions, renewals or replacements
       thereof, together with interest accruing thereon, shall be finally and irrevocably paid in full, upon
       which this Guaranty shall automatically terminate. This Guaranty shall continue to be effective or
       be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the obligations of the Maker
       under the Note is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Holder upon the insolvency,
       bankruptcy or reorganization of the Maker or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been
       made. As of the date any payment is returned, the statute of limitations shall start anew with respect
       to any action or proceeding by Holder against Guarantors under this Guaranty. Guarantors shall

                                               Franchisor/Company’s Copy
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. K – 2025_12 Coach Rod Smith Program Amendment
1264.005.010/441104
