open as of, the date(s) specified in the Development Schedule. Developer (or its approved Affiliate) may
not open any Restaurant unless it has signed a Franchise Agreement and paid the Initial Franchise Fee for
that Restaurant.
        3.3       Developer acknowledges that Franchisor’s right to offer or grant Franchises depends on
Franchisor’s compliance with applicable franchise sales laws. Franchisor shall not be liable to Developer
if Franchisor fails to grant Franchises to Developer while an amendment to a franchise disclosure document
or an amendment or renewal or annual report required to maintain a franchise registration is being prepared
or is awaiting approval.
    4. TERM

         The term of this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder to Developer shall commence on the
Effective Date and continue until the date on which the opening of the last Restaurant occurs under the
Development Schedule, upon which this Agreement will automatically expire, unless terminated prior to such
date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

    5. DUTIES OF THE DEVELOPER
         5.1       Developer shall perform the following obligations:
                   (a)       Developer shall comply with all terms and conditions described in this Agreement.
                   (b)       Developer shall comply with all of the terms and conditions of each Franchise
Agreement.
                 (c)     Developer shall at all times preserve in confidence any and all materials and
information furnished or disclosed to Developer by Franchisor, and Developer shall disclose such
information or materials only to such of its employees or agents who must have access to it in connection
with their employment. Developer shall not at any time, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, copy,
duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce such materials or information, in whole or in part, nor otherwise
make the same available to any unauthorized person.
                   (d)       Developer shall comply with all requirements of federal, state and local laws, rules
and regulations
    6. PROPRIETARY MARKS/CONFIDENTIALITY
         6.1     This Agreement does not grant Developer any right to use the Marks, any of Franchisor’s
trade secret and/or proprietary or confidential information, or any copyright or patent which Franchisor now
owns or may own in the future. Rights to use the Marks, trade secrets (and/or proprietary or confidential
information), copyrights, or patents are granted only under the Franchise Agreement(s) to be signed by
Franchisor and Developer.
        6.2      Developer acknowledges that its entire knowledge of the operation of a JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurant, including without limitation the method of preparation of sandwiches and other food products
and other specifications, product formulae, standards, and restaurant operating procedures, will be derived
from information disclosed to Developer by Franchisor and that certain of such information is proprietary,
confidential and a trade secret of Franchisor. Developer agrees that it shall maintain the absolute
confidentiality of all such proprietary information during and after the term of the franchises and not use
any such information in any other business or in any manner not specifically authorized or approved in
writing by Franchisor.
       6.3     Developer shall divulge such confidential information only to such of its employees as
must have access to it in order to operate the Developer’s Business. Any and all information, knowledge
and know-how, including, without limitation, drawings, materials, equipment, techniques, restaurant
systems, product formulas, recipes and other data, which Franchisor designated as confidential shall be
                                                         4
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
