        14.6     The provisions of this Agreement relating to confidentiality, non-competition, and
indemnification, including but not limited to Sections 6, 9, and 11 of this Agreement, shall survive any
termination of this Agreement for any reason.
        14.7     The introductory recitals described in this Agreement are specifically incorporated into the
terms of this Agreement and hereby constitute a material part of this Agreement.
        14.8     Developer agrees that whenever this Agreement allows or requires Franchisor to take
actions or make decisions, Franchisor may in doing so exercise its sole and unfettered discretion, even if
Developer believes Franchisor’s action or decision is unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and
specifically requires that Franchisor acts reasonably or refrains from acting unreasonably in connection
with the particular action or decision.
    15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
        This Agreement (including the Summary of Acknowledgments and the Summary Pages)
constitutes the entire, full, and complete agreement between Franchisor and Developer concerning the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements. No amendment, change, or variance
from this Agreement shall be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the parties and signed
by themselves or their authorized officers or agents in writing. With the exception of the Disclosure
Document described in Section 23.2, no other representation has induced Developer to execute this
Agreement, and there are no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements oral or otherwise,
between the parties not embodied in this Agreement, which are of any force or effect with reference to this
Agreement or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement or in any related agreement, however, is intended to
disclaim the representations Company made in the Disclosure Document that Company furnished to
Developer.
    16. SUPERIORITY OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
        For each JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant developed in the Designated Territory, a separate Franchise
Agreement shall be signed, and an Initial Franchise Fee shall be paid to Franchisor. All Franchise
Agreements signed in connection with individual JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants within the Designated
Territory are independent of this Agreement. The continued existence of any such Franchise Agreement
shall not depend on the continuing existence of this Agreement. If any conflict shall arise in connection
with this Agreement and any Franchise Agreement signed within the Designated Territory, the latter shall
have precedence and superiority over the former.
    17. APPLICABLE LAW; MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION
         17.1    This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by Franchisor in New
Jersey. The parties also anticipate that the performance of certain of Developer’s obligations arising under
this Agreement, including the payment of certain monies due Franchisor, will occur in Monmouth County,
New Jersey. Therefore, this Agreement and the rights of the parties shall be interpreted and construed under
the laws of New Jersey, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law, provided that, under
no circumstances will the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act (N.J. Stats. Ann. Sec. 56: 10-1 et seq.), or
any other law regulating the offer or sale of franchises or governing the relationship between a franchisor
and a franchisee, apply to this Agreement or the parties’ relationship unless the jurisdictional scope of such
laws are independently met without reference to this Section. If any provision of this Agreement would not
be enforceable under the laws of New Jersey, the Developer’s Designated Territory is located outside of
New Jersey, and the particular provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the
Designated Territory is located, then such provision shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of
that state. Nothing in this Section 17 is intended by the parties to subject this Agreement to any franchise
or similar law, rule, or regulation of the state of New Jersey to which it would not otherwise be subject.



                                                      10
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
