                          AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
               AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT AND RELATED AGREEMENTS
                           FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON

        THIS AMENDMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into by and between A Sub
Above, LLC (“Franchisor”) and                                 (“Developer” or “You”). Franchisor and
Developer are parties that certain Area Development Agreement dated _________________, 20__ (the
“Development Agreement”). This Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Development
Agreement. This Amendment is being signed because (a) You are domiciled in Washington, and/or (b) the
Franchised Restaurants that You will develop under the Development Agreement will be located or
operated in Washington, and/or (c) any of the offering or sales activity relating to the Development
Agreement occurred in Washington.

         WASHINGTON LAW MODIFICATIONS

       1.     Conflict of Laws. Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”), Chapter
19.100 RCW, shall prevail.

         2.      Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the franchise
agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor, including in the areas of
termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that supersede the franchise
agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor. Franchise agreement
provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to
state law.

         3.       Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation involving
a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of
Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined
by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded
by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection
with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in
Washington.

        4.      General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or related
agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except when executed
pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by
independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any such release or waiver
executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise void except as provided for in
RCW 19.100.220(2).

         5.       Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the franchise
agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for
claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such
as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.

        6.      Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect our reasonable
estimate or actual costs in effecting a transfer.

       7.      Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement under
any grounds permitted under state law.

        8.       Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related agreements
that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason during the term of the
franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful pursuant to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j),
unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
