               (iii)      The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with
          all lawful obligations.

              (iv)       The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to
          the franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the
          proposed transfer.

        (h)      A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions
as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit
a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or
appraised value of these assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise
agreement or area development agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in
subdivision (c).

       (i)      A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has
been made for providing the required contractual services.

         If the franchisor’s most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of less
than $100,000, the franchisor shall, at the request of a franchisee, arrange for the escrow of initial
investment and other funds paid by the franchisee until the obligations to provide real estate,
improvements, equipment, inventory, training, or other items included in the franchise offering are
fulfilled. At the option of the franchisor, a surety bond may be provided in place of escrow.

THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE
ATTORNEY    GENERAL      DOES    NOT     CONSTITUTE     APPROVAL,
RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.

          Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to:

                                          Michigan Attorney General’s Office
                                            Consumer Protection Division
                                                Attn: Franchise Section
                                        G. Mennen Williams Building – 1st Floor
                                                525 West Ottawa Street
                                               Lansing, Michigan 48933
                                          Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117

Note: Despite subparagraph (f) above, we intend, and we and you agree to fully enforce the arbitration
provision of the franchise agreement and area development agreement. We believe that paragraph (f)
is unconstitutional and cannot preclude us from enforcing these arbitration provisions. You
acknowledge that we will seek to enforce this section as written.

THE MICHIGAN NOTICE APPLIES ONLY TO FRANCHISEES WHO ARE
RESIDENTS OF MICHIGAN OR LOCATE THEIR FRANCHISES IN MICHIGAN.




A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
