                         negotiations or by appraisal. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the purchase price
                         will be payable in cash at closing. If Franchisor delivers written notice of its intention
                         to exercise the option within the thirty (30) day period, the option will be considered
                         effectively exercised whether or not the purchase is actually consummated within the
                         thirty (30) day period.

                    e. If the parties fail to agree on a purchase price for the interest within twenty-one (21)
                       days after delivery of Franchisor’s notice, the purchase price will be determined by an
                       accredited appraiser in accordance with the appraisal process specified in Section 19.7.

       19.9       Transfer by Franchisor. Franchisor and any holder of an Ownership Interest in Franchisor
may voluntarily, involuntarily, directly or indirectly sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense, sublease,
collaterally assign, grant a security, collateral or conditional interest, inter vivos transfer, testamentary
disposition or other disposition of all or any part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any
Ownership Interest in Franchisor to any person. Franchisee agrees not to interfere in or to attempt to
interfere with a proposed transfer by Franchisor or its owners. Specifically, and without limitation to the
foregoing, Franchisor may sell its assets, Marks or the System to a third party; may offer its securities
privately or publicly; may merge, spin-off, acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another
corporation; may undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial
restructuring; and with regard to any or all of the above sales, assignments, and dispositions, Franchisee
expressly and specifically waives any claims, demands, or damages against Franchisor arising from or
related to the transfer of the Marks (or any variation of such Marks) or the System from Franchisor to any
other party. If Franchisor assigns its right in this Agreement, Franchisor will be released from all further
liability under this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement requires Franchisor to offer any
services or products, whether or not bearing the Marks, to Franchisee if Franchisor assigns its rights in this
Agreement.

   20.    DEATH OR INCAPACITY OF FRANCHISEE

      20.1       In the event of the death or incapacity of any owner owning fifty percent (50%) or more of
the capital stock or outstanding ownership interest in Franchisee, the heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, or legal
representatives of said shareholders, shall within one hundred eighty (180) days of such event:

                    a. Apply to Franchisor for the right to continue to operate the franchise for the duration
                       of the term of this Agreement and any renewals, which right shall be granted upon the
                       fulfillment of all of the conditions described in Section 19.4 of this Agreement (except
                       that no transfer fee shall be required); or

                    b. Sell, assign, transfer or convey Franchisees interest in compliance with provisions of
                       Section 19 of this Agreement; provided, however, in the event a proper and timely
                       application for the right to continue to operate has been made and rejected, the one
                       hundred eighty (180) days to sell, assign, transfer or convey shall be computed from
                       the date and said rejection. For purposes of this Section, Franchisor’s silence on
                       application made according to Section 20.2 through the one hundred eighty (180) days
                       following the event of death or incapacity shall be deemed a rejection made on the last
                       day of such period.

      20.2      In the event of the death or incapacity of any shareholder of a Franchisee, where the
aforesaid provisions of Section 19 have not been fulfilled within the time provided, all rights licensed to

                                                     36
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
