        You must use the designation ®, TM, SM or other trademark registration notice where applicable or
otherwise indicate in your advertising that the names “JERSEY MIKE’S” and “JERSEY MIKE’S, plus the
design” are the trade names, trademarks and service marks of Company.

       Under the Area Development Agreement, you (as a Developer) do not receive the right to use the
Marks in any manner. You will have no right to license others to operate a business or use the System or
the Marks.

ITEM 14.            PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

          Patents and Copyrights

       Company owns no rights in or licenses to any pending patent applications, special patents or
copyrights which pertain to the franchise. If it becomes advisable at any time in the sole discretion of
Company to acquire a patent or copyright, you must use this patent or copyright as required by Company.

        Company claims common law rights and copyright protection for its Manual, the agreements,
training materials and other documents used with the offer, sale and operation of JERSEY MIKE’S
franchises.

          Proprietary Information

         Your entire knowledge of the operation of a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant, including the knowledge
or know-how regarding the specifications, standards and operating procedures of a JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurant is derived from information disclosed to you by Company, and certain of this information is
proprietary, confidential and a trade secret of Company. You will maintain the absolute confidentiality of
all proprietary information during and after the term of the Franchise Agreement and will not use any of
this information in any other business or in any manner not specifically authorized or approved in writing
by Company.

         You will divulge confidential information only to your employees who must have access to it in
order to operate the Franchised Restaurant. Any information, knowledge and know-how that Company
designates as confidential will be deemed confidential for purposes of the Franchise Agreement and/or Area
Development Agreement (as applicable), except information which you can demonstrate came to your
attention, had become a part of the public domain, through publication or communication by others; or
which, after disclosure to you by Company, becomes a part of the public domain, through publication or
communication by others, so long as such disclosure was not caused by you. Company is the sole owner
of all confidential information.

        All your employees having access to confidential information, agreements or other proprietary
information of Company will sign confidentiality agreements with confidentiality obligations no less stringent
than those contained in your Franchise Agreement. Company may seek equitable relief for any breach of the
terms of Sections 6, 7 and 8 of the Franchise Agreement.

        You must not use, in advertising or any other form of promotion, the copyrighted materials,
trademarks, service marks or commercial symbols of Company without the appropriate notices which may
be required by law or Company, including © or other copyright registration notice.

        There is no infringing use known to Company or its affiliates, which would materially affect your
use of any proprietary and/or copyrighted materials.




                                                      47
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
