            You will need to set up a credit card processing system with Company’s designated credit card
processing company. You must comply with PCI Security Council standards and/or any other requisite
standard(s) required by the credit card processor, issuing banks or applicable law.

           Company charges a one-time license fee for credit card software. This fee is unique to your
processor-assigned merchant identification number. This fee is currently approximately $750 and is subject
to change.

             You must pay Company a fee of $30 per month for back-up cellular service for your POS
System, regardless of whether you choose to use Company or an approved third-party provider for such
services. Company may collect the fee via your automatic clearing house (ACH) account, or you may be
required to pay this fee through Company’s designated vendor. This fee is subject to change.

         Company may require you to upgrade or update your POS system periodically and may require you
to purchase and install other and/or additional computer systems and software meeting our standards and
specifications. There is no limitation on the frequency of the upgrades or updates, except that the cost of
upgrades or updates will not exceed $50,000 during the term of the Franchise Agreement (Franchise
Agreement - Sections 4.1 and 9).

          E.        Training

             Company will train (a) you, if you are an individual, or your Controlling Principal or designated
manager, if you are an entity (“Trainee 1”), (b) your designated assistant manager (“Trainee 2”), and/or (c)
your designated shift supervisor (“Trainee 3”) before beginning operation of the Franchised Restaurant. If
you are opening your first Franchised Restaurant, the training requirements are as follows: (i) 3 individuals
(Trainees 1, 2, and 3) must complete Phase 1, (ii) Trainee 1 must complete Phase 2, and (iii) 2 individuals
(Trainees 1 and 2) must complete Phase 3. Additionally, Trainee 1 and Trainee 2 will be required to attend
and participate in the grand opening of another Restaurant, to be selected by Company’s Training
Department in conjunction with your Area Director. The grand opening participation may be completed
during or after the completion of Phase 3 but must be completed prior to your Restaurant’s opening. Out-
of-state travel may be required and will be at your expense.

             If you already operate at least one Franchised Restaurant and are opening an additional Franchised
Restaurant, the training requirements are as follows: (a) 3 individuals must complete Phase 1 (Trainees 1,2
and 3), (b) 1 individual must complete Phase 2 (Trainee 1 or 2), and (c) 2 individuals (Trainees 1 and 2) must
complete Phase 3.

            Phases 1 (180 hours) and 3 (180 hours) consist of on-the-job training in a Restaurant designated
by Company for a minimum of 8 weeks. If you are a first-time JERSEY MIKE’S franchisee, you must attend
Phase 2 at Company’s training center located in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, or at another location in New
Jersey as designated by Company (“Phase 2 in New Jersey”). If you already operate at least 1 Franchised
Restaurant and are opening an additional Franchised Restaurant, you must attend Phase 2 in New Jersey, or
at another location where Company offers Phase 2 training (“Phase 2 In-Market”). Phase 2 in New Jersey
training consists of a total minimum of 5 days, to a maximum of 14 days, 5.25 to 10.5 hours per day, of
classroom and simulated training. Phase 2 In-Market training consists of a total minimum of 4 days, to a
maximum of 14 days, 6 to 8.75 hours per day, of classroom and simulated training. If a trainee is not successful
in completing a phase of training according to Company’s System Standards, the applicable phase of training
may be extended in Company’s sole discretion. All training weeks are to run consecutively. Training normally
concludes approximately two to four weeks before estimated beginning of operation of the Franchised
Restaurant.




                                                       33
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
