YouTube®) in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, or the posting of messages relating to the Franchised
Restaurant on other websites (such as Yelp®), Franchisee will do so only in accordance with Franchisor’s
guidelines set forth in the Manual or otherwise in writing. Franchisor reserve the right to require Franchisor’s
approval of any message Franchisee composes for a social networking website or commentary for any other
website before Franchisee posts such message or commentary.

   11.    CONTINUING ROYALTY FEE

       11.1        In consideration of Franchisor’s grant to Franchisee of a license to use the Marks and System,
Franchisee shall pay without offset, credit or deduction of any nature, to Franchisor, so long as this Agreement
shall be in effect, a Continuing Royalty Fee equal to six and one-half percent (6.5%) of the total Gross Receipts
derived from the JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant. Said fee shall be paid weekly in the manner
specified below or as otherwise prescribed in the Manual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor in its
sole discretion may change the frequency of such payments (including but not limited to requiring semi-
weekly or daily payments).

                    a. Franchisee will make available for reasonable inspection at reasonable times by
                       Franchisor, all original books and records that Franchisor may deem necessary to
                       ascertain Franchisee’s Gross Receipts.

                    b. The term “Gross Receipts,” as used in this Agreement shall mean and include the total
                       of all sales of food products, beverages, other merchandise and products, and services to
                       customers of Franchisee, whether or not sold or performed at or from the JERSEY
                       MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant (including without limitation all off-site sales and
                       catering sales), and regardless of whether the sales were made in compliance with this
                       Agreement, less sales, use or service taxes collected and paid to the appropriate taxing
                       authority, and customer refunds, discounts, and coupons.

       11.2      All Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, gift card sales, amounts due for
purchases by Franchisee from Franchisor and other amounts which Franchisee owes to Franchisor shall be
paid through an automatic clearing house (ACH) account as further described in the Manual. Prior to or at
the same time Franchisee acquires an interest in the real property on which Franchisee shall operate its
Franchised Restaurant, Franchisee shall set up an ACH account and Franchisor shall have access to such
account for the purpose of receiving payment for Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, gift card
sales, amounts due for purchases by Franchisee from Franchisor, the Grand Opening Advertising Fee, and
any other amounts which Franchisee owes to Franchisor. Franchisee shall at all times maintain a balance of
at least One Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00) in the account. Franchisee shall make deposits to
the fund sufficient to cover amounts owed to Franchisor for Continuing Royalty Fees and advertising
contributions, which shall be paid on a weekly basis (or on such other basis as required by Franchisor pursuant
to Section 11.1). Deposits for all other amounts owed to Franchisor shall be in accordance with the procedures
described in the Manual. All amounts payable by Franchisee or its owners to Franchisor or its Affiliates must
be in United States Dollars ($USD).

                    a. If Franchisee fails to deliver to Franchisor the data required by Section 11.1(a) by the
                       deadline it establishes, Franchisor shall calculate payments due Franchisor on the basis
                       of two hundred percent (200%) of Gross Receipts for the last week for which Franchisee
                       reported Gross Receipts and will draft Franchisee’s account accordingly. Adjustments
                       to reflect payments actually due will be calculated and settled within ten (10) days after
                       Franchisee furnishes the required information to Franchisor in the form Franchisor
                       requires.
                                                    14
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
