                                 AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                 AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
                                 FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

        THIS AMENDMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into by and between A Sub
Above, LLC (“Franchisor”) and                                  (“Developer” or “You”). Franchisor and
Developer are parties that certain Area Development Agreement dated _________________, 20__ (the
“Development Agreement”). This Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Development
Agreement. This Amendment is being signed because (a) You are a resident of North Dakota and the
Franchised Restaurants that You will develop under the Development Agreement will be located or
operated in North Dakota, and/or (b) any of the offering or sales activity relating to the Development
Agreement occurred in North Dakota.

         NORTH DAKOTA LAW MODIFICATIONS

        1.     The North Dakota Securities Commissioner requires that certain provisions contained in
franchise documents be amended to be consistent with North Dakota law, including the North Dakota
Franchise Investment Law, North Dakota Century Code Annotated Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-19-01
through 51-19-17 (1993). To the extent that this Amendment contains provisions that are inconsistent with
the Development Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall govern such inconsistency.

         2.        The following is added as Section 17.9 to the Development Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law (unless pre-empted by federal
                   law), any arbitration shall be held at a site to which the parties mutually agree.”

         3.        The following is added as Section 17.10 to the Development Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and subject to the arbitration
                   obligations, Developer may bring an action in North Dakota for claims arising
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.”

         4.        The following is added as Section 17.11 to the Development Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except to the extent
                   governed by United States federal law, and except as otherwise required by North
                   Dakota law, this Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the
                   relationship between Franchisor and Developer will be governed by the laws of
                   the State of New Jersey, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that (1)
                   any law regulating the sale of franchises or governing the relationship of
                   Franchisor and Developer will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are
                   met independently without reference to this Section; and (2) the enforceability of
                   those provisions of this Agreement which relate to restrictions on Developer’s
                   competitive activities will be governed by the laws of the state in which the
                   Restaurant is situated.”

        5.        The last sentence of Section 17.8 of the Development Agreement is deleted in its entirety.

        6.        The following is added to the end of Section 18 of the Development Agreement:


A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
