                                       ADDENDUM TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                          DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                                        FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND


1.       The following is added to Item 17 of the Disclosure Document:

         a.        Any release of claims and/or to acknowledge facts that would negate or remove
                   from judicial review any statement, misrepresentation or action that would violate
                   the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, or a rule or order under
                   the Law, shall not include claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
                   Registration and Disclosure Law.

         b.        Any requirement for litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the State of
                   Maryland shall not be interpreted to limit any rights Franchisee may have under
                   Sec. 14-216 (c)(25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to
                   bring suit in the state of Maryland.

         c.        As required by COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition
                   of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under
                   the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

         d.        Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law
                   must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

         e.        Section 14-226 of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law
                   prohibits a franchisor from requiring a prospective franchisee to assent to any
                   release, estoppel or waiver of liability as a condition of purchasing a franchise and
                   any provision that requires you to disclaim the occurrence and/or acknowledge the
                   non-occurrence of acts that would constitute a violation of the Franchise Law are
                   not intended to nor will they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability
                   incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law resulting
                   from the offer or sale of the franchise.
         f.        The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement provide for
                   termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be enforceable under federal
                   bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.).
         g.        Based on the Franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities
                   Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Franchisor has posted a surety
                   bond, which is on file with the Maryland Securities Division.

                                (The rest of this section has been left blank intentionally)




A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
