ITEM 1.             THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

          Company

         To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “Company” means A SUB ABOVE, LLC,
the franchisor of this business. “You” means the person buying the franchise whether you are a person or
a sole proprietorship, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity.

         A SUB ABOVE, LLC was formed as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware on
October 31, 2019, with its principal place of business and business address as 2251 Landmark Place,
Manasquan, New Jersey 08736. Company conducts its business under its limited liability company name
and “JERSEY MIKE’S” with the franchises offered by this Disclosure Document. Company began offering
franchises for Jersey Mike’s restaurants in December 2019 and has never offered franchises in any other
line of business.

       Company’s agents for service of process in the states whose franchise laws require Company to
name an agent for service are shown on Exhibit A to this Disclosure Document.

          Predecessor and Certain Affiliates

        Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, with its principal place of business and business address at 2251
Landmark Place, Manasquan, New Jersey 08736 (“JMFS”). On December 30, 2024, JMFS, which had
previously been a New Jersey corporation, converted into a Delaware limited liability company. JMFS was
the former franchisor of the JERSEY MIKE’S franchise system before the closing of the 2019 Securitization
Transaction (as defined below). From February 1987 to December 2019, JMFS offered franchises for the
JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurants. JMFS has never offered franchises in any other line of business.

          The 2019 Securitization Transaction/Other Affiliates

        Under a securitization financing transaction which closed on December 23, 2019 (the “2019
Securitization Transaction”), JM SPV Guarantor, LLC (“SPV Guarantor”) and Jersey Mike’s Funding,
LLC (“JM Funding”) were formed and became subsidiaries of JMFS and the direct and indirect parents of
Company.

        As part of the 2019 Securitization Transaction, JMFS transferred to Company, all the existing
Franchise Agreements and Area Development Agreements, certain agreements related to the Franchise
Agreements and Area Development Agreements, and all of the JERSEY MIKE’S trademarks, service
marks and other intellectual property related to the JERSEY MIKE’S brand and franchise system.

        At the time of closing of the 2019 Securitization Transaction, JMFS entered into a management
agreement, dated December 23, 2019, with Company and some of its affiliates (“Management
Agreement”). JMFS’s responsibilities under the Management Agreement include performing certain
franchise, marketing, development, intellectual property, technology and operational and reporting services
on behalf of Company. JMFS also provides management services in relation to administration of the
Corporate Advertising and Development Fund, the National Media Fund, and the Cooperative Advertising
Fund (each described in Item 11).

          Sale of Majority Ownership

        On January 16, 2025, investment funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone Inc. acquired a majority
ownership position in JMFS (and certain of its direct and indirect affiliates) and the JERSEY MIKE’S
franchise system through the following intermediaries: Jersey Mike’s MidCo II, LLC, Jersey Mike’s MidCo
I, LLC, Jersey Mike’s HoldCo, LLC, Submarine Buyer LLC, and Submarine Buyer Holdco LLC. The
                                                     2
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
