within designated territories, under the terms of our area director agreement (the “Area Director
Agreement”). Individuals who signed an Area Director Agreement are referred to as “Area Directors.” Area
Directors are, in part, responsible for soliciting prospective franchisees who, with our approval, will execute
our then-current form of franchise agreement for the right to develop a JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised
Restaurant. Company does not currently offer new Area Director opportunities. Area Directors may provide
various services to franchisees as described in Item 11. Area Directors do not exercise management
responsibility with respect to sale or operation of JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurants.

        Each JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant will offer a wide assortment of made-to-order
submarine type sandwiches, other hot sandwiches, and related food products and beverages for on-premises
and off-premises consumption. JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurants will offer its products and
services to the general public and will compete with other national, regional or local chains and independent
businesses operating restaurants offering products similar to those offered and sold from the Franchised
Restaurants.

         Each Franchised Restaurant operates according to a distinctive System (“System”) regarding the
establishment, development and operation of JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant. The characteristics of the
System include distinctive design of the Restaurant’s exterior and interior layout, design and color scheme;
exclusively designed decorations, furnishings and materials; methods and techniques for inventory and cost
controls, record keeping and reporting; personnel management, purchasing, sales promotion and
advertising, special recipes, formulas, menus and food and beverage storage, preparation and service
procedures and techniques; operating procedures for sanitation and maintenance; and a wide assortment of
made-to-order submarine type sandwiches, other sandwiches and related food products and beverages for
on-premises and off-premises consumption.

          Competition

        The market for a wide assortment of made-to-order submarine type sandwiches, other hot
sandwiches and related food products and beverages is fairly well developed and competitive. Company
believes that the quality of its product is superior and that the proprietary ingredients offer a competitive
advantage over its competitors.

          Industry-Specific Laws and Regulations

        You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws that apply to the operation of this business.
These may include health, safety, and smoking regulations, United States Department of Agriculture, Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission, and Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations,
other food and safety regulations, discrimination, immigration, federal and state tax, employment, and
sexual harassment laws. The Americans with Disabilities Act requires readily accessible accommodations
for people with disabilities and therefore may affect some of your operations. You are advised to examine
these laws with your attorney before purchasing a franchise from Company.

ITEM 2.             BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

Chief Executive Officer of Company and JMFS: Charlie Morrison

        Mr. Morrison has served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and JMFS since April
2025. Between January 2025 and April 2025, Mr. Morrison was briefly retired after serving as Chief
Executive Officer of Salad and Go in Dallas, Texas from April 2022 to December 2024. Prior to that, he
served as Chief Executive Officer of Wingstop in Dallas, Texas from June 2012 to April 2022.




                                                       5
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
