         6.        Section 10.3 of the Franchise Agreement (Advertising) shall be deleted in its entirety and
                   shall have no force or effect.

         7.        Franchisee and its current and former owners, officers, directors, guarantors, agents,
                   attorneys, employees, representatives, predecessors, successors, heirs and assigns, and their
                   current and former affiliates hereby release and discharge Franchisor and its owners, officers,
                   directors, guarantors, agents, attorneys, employees, representatives, predecessors,
                   successors, heirs and assigns, and their current and former affiliates from all Claims (as
                   defined below), but not including Claims arising after the Effective Date. “Claims” means
                   claims, suits, rights, liabilities, duties, costs, actions and causes of action of every
                   description, in law or in equity, known or unknown, vested or contingent, related to the
                   Original Franchise Agreement and the Franchise Agreement and the franchise relationship
                   between Franchisee and Franchisor including, without limitation, matters relating to the
                   offer, sale, delivery and signing, of the Original Franchise Agreement and the Franchise
                   Agreement, the performance of Franchisee and Franchisor under the Original Franchise
                   Agreement and the Franchise Agreement and matters related to the development and
                   operation of the Restaurant, arising before and including the Effective Date. “Claims”
                   includes, but is not limited to, all claims related to any violations of federal and state
                   franchise sales laws, franchise relationship laws, deceptive practices laws, consumer
                   protection laws, antitrust laws, business opportunity laws, and landlord-tenant laws.

         8.        Each of the parties acknowledges that he or it is familiar with Section 1542 of the California
                   Civil Code, which reads as follows:

                   A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR
                   OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER
                   FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY
                   HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER
                   SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

                   With respect to those claims being released hereunder, each of the parties acknowledges that
                   he or it is releasing unknown claims and waives all rights he, she or it has or may have under
                   California Civil Code Section 1542 or any other statute or common law principle of similar
                   effect. Each of the parties acknowledges that he, she or it may hereafter discover claims or
                   facts in addition to or different from those now known or believed to exist with respect to the
                   subject matter of the claims being released hereunder, and which, if known or suspected at
                   the time of entering into this Acknowledgment, may have materially affected this
                   Acknowledgment. Nevertheless, each of the parties hereby waives any right, claim or cause
                   of action that might arise as a result of such different or additional claims or facts. Each of
                   the parties acknowledges and understands the significance and consequence of such release
                   and such specific waiver of California Civil Code Section 1542.

                      (Remainder of page intentionally left blank; Signature page to follow)




A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. I – 2025_12 Renewal Amendment
1264.005.010/441102
