also acquire or be sold to a competing franchise system, which may or may not include restaurants in your
Designated Area.

         You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that Company and/or its affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
businesses that may be controlled by Company and/or its affiliates.

        The Designated Area typically comprises a 0.5 to 1 mile radius from the front door of the
Franchised Restaurant. At Company’s sole discretion, the Designated Area could be smaller if there is a
densely populated urban area, a readily definable market area like a resort or boardwalk, a specific facility
(stadium, hospital, airport, casino, etc.) or a natural boundary like a body of water, bridge or expressway.
The Designated Area will be determined by Company prior to signing the Franchise Agreement.

        You may operate the Franchised Restaurant only at the location specified in the Franchise
Agreement. Unless you sign an Area Development Agreement for the development of multiple Franchised
Restaurants, you have no right to acquire additional Franchised Restaurants anywhere. Without Company’s
prior written approval, you may not solicit orders or engage in marketing outside of your Designated Area,
although you may accept orders from outside your Designated Area which you do not solicit.

         If the lease for the site of the Franchised Restaurant expires or terminates through no fault of your
own, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise rendered unusable, or if in the judgment of
Company there is a change in character of the location of the Franchised Restaurant sufficiently detrimental
to its business potential to warrant its relocation, Company may at its option grant permission for relocation
of the Franchised Restaurant within your Designated Area to a location and site acceptable to Company.
Any relocation will be at your sole expense, and Company will have the right to charge you for any costs
it incurs, up to $5,000 for its services, in any relocation of the Franchised Restaurant, in addition to a Grand
Re-Opening Advertising Fee of up to $5,000.

         Except as provided later in this Item 12 under the heading “Affiliate Franchise System,” Company
and/or its affiliates currently do not operate or franchise or have plans to operate or franchise a business
under a different trademark which sells or will sell goods or services similar to those you will offer at your
Restaurant. However, Company and/or its affiliates may do so in the future. Company and its affiliates
may establish Restaurants or grant franchises for Restaurants anywhere outside your Designated Area.
Company and/or its affiliates may establish other franchises or Company-owned units under a different
Mark in your Designated Area. Company may use any and all other channels of distribution selling or
leasing similar products and services (but not one which primarily sells submarine type sandwiches) under
a different Mark, or under any other brand within your Designated Area. In addition, other Restaurants,
food aggregators and third-party delivery service providers may deliver to customers located in your
Designated Area.

       Continuation of your territorial rights under a franchise agreement is not dependent on the
achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency.

         The Franchise Agreement does not grant you rights to use any other channels of distribution, such
as the internet, catalog sales, direct marketing, etc. Company retains the right to use other channels of
distribution (e.g., the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing) inside your territory
using Company’s principal trademarks. Company is not required to pay you any compensation if it solicits
or accepts orders inside your Designated Area. All rights not expressly granted to you in the Franchise
Agreement are reserved to Company and its affiliates.

         Company and other franchisees also may attend conventions, trade shows and other public events
within your Designated Area for the purpose of promoting products and services. Neither Company nor
other franchisees have a duty to compensate you for activities which do not violate your Area Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement.
                                                       44
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
