commercial symbols authorized for use by and licensed to Franchisee by Franchisor after the date of this
Agreement.

       6.2       Franchisee shall not use any Mark as part of any corporate or trade name, or with any prefix,
suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols, or in any modified form, nor may Franchisee use
any Mark in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in any other manner not
expressly authorized in writing by Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to give such notices of trademark and service
mark registrations as Franchisor specifies and to obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as may
be required under applicable law. Franchisee shall not use any of the Marks in any manner which has not
been specified or approved by Franchisor.

       6.3       Franchisee will not use or display, or allow others to use or display any of Franchisor’s
Marks, or any words or designs confusingly similar thereto, on any Online Presence (as defined in Section
10.8) other than on any official page or site that Franchisor, in its sole business judgment, may develop for
the use of franchisees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee will not cause, permit or
allow the Marks, or any of them, or any words, symbols or terms confusingly similar thereto, to be used or
displayed in whole or part, in connection with any Online Presence. Franchisee will not link or frame
Franchisor’s website or any other Online Presence to any other Online Presence or authorize any third party
to link to or frame Franchisor’s website or any other Online Presence without Franchisor’s express prior
written consent.

        6.4       Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of any claim, demand, or cause of action based
upon or arising from any attempt by any other person, firm or corporation to use the Marks or any colorable
imitation of the Marks. Franchisee also agrees to notify Franchisor of any action, claim or demand against
Franchisee relating to the Marks, and Franchisor shall have the sole right to defend any such action. Franchisor
shall have the exclusive right to contest or bring action against any third party regarding the third party’s use
of any of the Marks and shall exercise such right in its sole discretion. Franchisee agrees to execute any and
all instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts or things as may in Franchisor’s
opinion, reasonably be necessary or advisable to protect and maintain Franchisor’s interests in any litigation
or other proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain the interests of Franchisor or any other interest party
in the Marks or components of the System. Franchisor makes no representation or warranty, express or
implied, as to the use, exclusive ownership, validity or enforceability of the Marks.

      6.5         If it becomes advisable at any time in Franchisor’s sole discretion, for Franchisor and/or
Franchisee to modify or discontinue use of any Mark, and/or use one or more additional or substitute trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or other commercial symbols, Franchisee agrees to comply with
Franchisor’s directions within a reasonable time after notice to Franchisee by Franchisor, and Franchisor shall
have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to Franchisee’s modification or discontinuance of any
Mark.

       6.6        Franchisor or its agents shall have the right of entry and inspection of the Premises at all
reasonable times, and, they shall have the right to observe the manner in which Franchisee is rendering its
JERSEY MIKE’S services and conducting its operations, to confer with Franchisee’s employees and
customers, to select ingredients, food and non-food products, beverages, and other items, products, materials
and supplies for test of content and evaluation purposes to make certain that the services, ingredients, products,
materials, equipment and operations are satisfactory and meet the quality control provisions and performance
standards established by Franchisor, and to inspect the computer hardware and software, point-of-sale system,
data security and privacy protocols, configurations, connectivity and data access used in connection with the
Franchised Restaurant.

                                                   7
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
