registering, defending or enforcing Company’s rights to current or future Marks, and for other purposes
related to the System.

            Company will prepare an accounting summary of the collections and expenses of each of the
funds, and you may obtain a copy of each such statement by making a written request to Company (you are
only entitled to a summary of the cooperative to which you contribute, if such cooperative becomes active).
Company reserves the right, at its sole option, to have an audit of the operation of any of the funds prepared
by an independent certified public accountant selected by Company and prepared at the expense of the
applicable fund.

         Although Company has an informal National Franchisee Advisory Council, as disclosed in Item
20, Company does not have an advertising council composed of franchisees that advises it on advertising
policies, but Company may establish one in the future.

          5.      Coordinate classified telephone directory listings for the System (Franchise Agreement -
Section 10.7). You must maintain a business phone and must list and advertise continuously in the free
classified or Yellow Pages of the local telephone directory under the listing “Restaurants” as “Jersey Mike’s
Subs” or other listings as deemed appropriate by Company. When more than one JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurant is served by the same commercial telephone directory, any classified advertising placed in the
directory should list all JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants operating within the distribution area of these
classified directories, with each franchisee contributing an equal share per Restaurant to the cost of the
listing if any cost is applicable.

        6.      Update the Approved Supplies List and Approved Suppliers List, as Company deems
necessary. (Franchise Agreement - Sections 13.5, 14.5)

        7.      Modify the System as Company determines is appropriate, including the adoption and use of
new or modified trade names, trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials, new menu items, new
products, new equipment or techniques. (Franchise Agreement - Section 9)

        8.       Advise you of problems arising from your operation of the Franchised Restaurant as
disclosed by reports submitted by you or by inspections conducted by Company or authorized representatives.
Company may furnish you with assistance in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant as determined by
Company to be necessary regarding: (Franchise Agreement - Section 14.3)

                   a.     Proper utilization of procedures developed by Company regarding the service and
          sale of sandwiches and other menu items and related items and materials as approved by Company;

                    b.        Additional products and services authorized by Company;

                    c.        Purchase of ingredients and other food and beverage items, materials and supplies;

                   d.      The institution of proper administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, inventory
          control, supervisory and general operating procedures for the effective operation of a Restaurant;
          and

                    e.        Advertising and promotional programs.

            9. Visit the Franchised Restaurant for consultation and guidance in all aspects of the operation
and management of the Franchised Restaurant as Company deems necessary. Company’s representative
who visits the Franchised Restaurant will prepare written reports regarding these visits, outlining suggested
changes or improvements to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and detailing any defaults in the
operation which become evident as a result of any visit. (Franchise Agreement - Section 14.4)

                                                         31
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
