          whether it is required by state law. Non-subscriber’s insurance is insufficient to meet this
          requirement.

         Should you fail to procure the minimum required insurance coverage, Company has the right to
procure the insurance for you and charge the cost of the insurance, as well as Company’s expenses, to you.
Failure by you to maintain the required insurance coverage may result in termination of the Franchise
Agreement. Company and JMFS each must be named an additional insured in such policy or policies using
the following language: “For Store #_______, Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC and A Sub Above,
LLC are named as additional insureds for general liability purposes and 30-day notice of cancellation
applies.” You must list “Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC, 2251 Landmark Place, Manasquan, New
Jersey 08736” as certificate holder.
          8 Training. You are responsible for arranging transportation and paying the expenses for meals and

lodging (as well as salary and benefits) for any persons attending the four-day or five-day Phase 2 training
program in New Jersey or in-market, as applicable. The amount expended will depend on the distance you
must travel and the type of accommodation you choose. In addition, you are responsible for the salaries of
your staff as they go through the in-store training program the week before the Restaurant opens.
          9 Grand Opening Advertising.  When you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must pay Company
$10,000, which Company will use to conduct a Grand Opening Advertising program to promote your
Restaurant. Company will consult with you about the development and implementation of the program,
but has sole discretion as to how the amount will be spent.
          10 Exterior Signage. Exterior signage bears the service marks granted for your use to you by
Company. The cost of signage may vary depending on the type, size and location of the signs, and may
also be affected by applicable city code restrictions. If your Restaurant is located near a highway, you will
be required to engage local advertising agencies and/or applicable departments of transportation to purchase
and maintain highway signage to advertise for your Restaurant. If that requirement applies to you,
Company estimates that the cost for such signage will be between $500 and $7,500. The high range of the
cost estimate above includes this amount.
          11 Interior Graphics.
                          The interior graphics package includes the menu boards, the interior oval
illuminated JERSEY MIKE’S window sign, the murals and other artwork.
          12 Uniforms, Office Equipment and Supplies.    You will purchase employee uniforms from a
designated supplier and the cost will vary with the number of employees you hire and the items you
purchase. You will also purchase an assortment of office equipment and supplies, including stationery, a
safe, forms, miscellaneous supplies and related items. You may purchase these items meeting Company’s
System Standards from any source.
          13POS System. You must procure and, install the POS system from required suppliers which
Company designates and approves as listed in the Manual and as described in Item 6 and Item 11 of this
Disclosure Document. The costs of the POS system will vary depending on the number of registers you install
(usually 1 or 2, sometimes 3 registers), the costs of the installation of the Internet connection, and if you have
existing equipment that can be reused from a previous JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant. The initial POS
hardware equipment and software currently costs approximately $7,500 per register. The initial credit card
processing software currently costs $750 and covers all registers in a single location. You must provide a
dedicated Internet connection from the provider of your choice. In addition, you must pay Company a POS
license fee at the current cost of $2,000 per register. Your Restaurant will typically have 1 to 2 registers. You
must also purchase the hardware, software and installation to connect to Company’s private network at a
current cost of $4,500 from Company, the majority of which serves to reimburse Company for its pre-payment
to its designated supplier. All of the costs described in this paragraph may change.


                                                        20
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
