                   substantially the form attached hereto as Attachment 2 for amounts to be advanced by JMFS
                   for the costs of developing Franchisee’s Restaurant (the “Development Costs”). If the
                   landlord under the lease for the Restaurant reimburses Franchisee with a tenant improvement
                   allowance upon the build out of the Restaurant, Franchisee is required to immediately pay
                   JMFS the amount of the tenant improvement allowance, which shall be payable against the
                   principal amount under the Promissory Note. If the landlord provides Franchisee with rent
                   abatement under the lease for a period of time, Franchisee shall pay JMFS the rent abatement
                   amount, payable against the principal amount under the Promissory Note, in addition to
                   Franchisee’s required payments in accordance with the Promissory Note.

         6.        Miscellaneous.

                   A.       Franchisor and Franchisee agree that the recitals to this Amendment are true and
                            correct, and are incorporated herein and made a part hereof by this reference.

                   B.       Capitalized terms that are used but not defined in this Amendment will have the
                            meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement, as amended.

                   C.       The terms of this Amendment form an integral part, and are incorporated into and
                            made a part, of the Franchise Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the
                            terms contained in the Franchise Agreement and this Amendment, the terms and
                            conditions of this Amendment shall govern, control, and supersede any
                            inconsistent or conflicting terms of the Franchise Agreement.

                   D.       Except as amended by this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Franchise
                            Agreement are hereby confirmed, ratified and approved in their entirety, and shall
                            continue in full force and effect, as amended and modified by this Amendment.

                   E.       This Amendment may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
                            an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
                            instrument. The parties agree that scanned or electronic signatures shall have the
                            same effect and validity, and may be relied upon in the same manner, as original
                            signatures. References to the Franchise Agreement shall mean the Franchise
                            Agreement as amended and modified by this Amendment.



                     [Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank; Signature Page Follows]




                                               Franchisor/Company’s Copy
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. K – 2025_12 Coach Rod Smith Program Amendment
1264.005.010/441104
