   30.    TERRORISTS AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES

         Franchisee and its Principals represent and warrant to Franchisor that neither Franchisee, nor any
Principal, nor any of their respective Affiliates is identified, either by name or an alias, pseudonym or
nickname, on the lists of “Specially Designated Nationals” or “Blocked Persons” maintained by the U.S.
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (text currently available at www.treas.gov/
offices/enforcement/ofac/). Further, Franchisee and its Principals represent and warrant that neither it nor
any Principal or Affiliate referred to above has violated and agrees not to violate any law prohibiting corrupt
business practices, money laundering or the aid or support of Persons who conspire to commit acts of terror
against any Person or government, including acts prohibited by the U.S. Patriot Act (text currently available
at http://www.epic.org/privacy/terrorism/ hr3162.html), U.S. Executive Order 13224 (text currently
available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Documents/13224.pdf), or any similar law.
The foregoing constitute continuing representations and warranties, and Franchisee and the Principals shall
immediately notify Franchisor in writing of the occurrence of any event or the development of any
circumstance that might render any of the foregoing representations and warranties false, inaccurate or
misleading.

   31.    DEFINITIONS

        Affiliate means an individual or Business Entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with another individual or Business Entity, either by virtue of equity ownership, by contract or by
other means.

         Asset Transfer means the voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect sale, assignment, Transfer,
license, sublicense, sublease, collateral assignment, grant of a security, collateral or conditional interest,
inter vivos Transfer, testamentary disposition or other disposition of the franchise, this Agreement or any
interest in or right under this Agreement; of all or substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant
or in an interest in any of the above, including (1) any Transfer in, or as a result of, a divorce, insolvency,
dissolution proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; (2) any Transfer upon Franchisee’s death or the
death of any of Franchisee’s Principals by will, declaration of or Transfer in trust or under the laws of
intestate succession; or (3) any foreclosure upon the Franchised Restaurant or the Transfer, surrender or
loss by Franchisee of possession, control or management of the Premises.

        Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial
banks located in Manasquan, New Jersey are authorized or required by law to be closed for business or
Franchisor’s principal office is closed for business.

        Business Entity means a corporation, a general or limited partnership, a limited liability company
or any other type of business entity.

         Control or Controlling Interest means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction, of the management and policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting
securities, by contract, or by operation of law.

         Controlling Principal is a Principal who is designated by Franchisee and approved by Franchisor
as the individual who is responsible for operating the Restaurant and causing Franchisee to comply with
this Agreement.

       Franchisee includes all persons who succeed to the interest of the original Franchisee by Transfer
or by operation of law and shall be deemed to include not only the individual or entity defined as
                                                  45
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
