                    j.   Materially misuses or makes an unauthorized use of any Marks and fails to correct
                         such misuse or unauthorized use within seven (7) days of receiving notice from
                         Franchisor;

                    k. Commits any act which can reasonably be expected to materially impair the goodwill
                       associated with any Marks;

                    l.   Fails on two (2) or more separate occasions within any period of twelve (12)
                         consecutive months to submit when due reports or other information or supporting
                         records, to pay when due the Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions,
                         amounts due for purchases from Franchisor and its Affiliates or other payments due to
                         Franchisor and its Affiliates, or otherwise fails to comply with this Agreement, whether
                         or not such failures to comply are corrected after notice of default is delivered to
                         Franchisee;

                    m. Continues to violate any health, safety or sanitation law, ordinance or regulation or
                       operates the Franchised Restaurant in a manner that presents a health or safety hazard
                       to its customers or the public after receiving notice of such violation;

                    n. Fails to timely pay federal, state, county, local or foreign taxes which are due and
                       payable;

                    o. Fails to timely pay vendors and suppliers used in connection with the Franchised
                       Restaurant;

                    p. Fails to timely pay JMFS in the event Franchisee enters into a promissory note with
                       JMFS to borrow funds to be used in connection with the Franchised Restaurant;

                    q. Fails to open the Franchised Restaurant and commence business, with Franchisor’s
                       approval, by the Opening Deadline;

                    r.   Fails on three (3) or more separate occasions within any twelve (12) consecutive month
                         period to comply with this Agreement, whether or not Franchisor notifies Franchisee
                         of the failures, and, if Franchisor does notify Franchisee of the failures, whether or not
                         Franchisee corrects the failures after Franchisor’s delivery of notice to Franchisee; or

                    s. Fails on two (2) or more separate occasions within any twelve (12) consecutive month
                       period to comply with the same obligation under this Agreement, whether or not
                       Franchisor notifies Franchisee of the failures, and, if Franchisor does notify Franchisee
                       of the failures, whether or not Franchisee corrects the failures after Franchisor’s
                       delivery of notice to Franchisee.

     17.3       This Agreement shall terminate without further action by Franchisor or notice to
Franchisee if Franchisee or Franchisee’s owner:

                    a. Fails or refuses to make payments of any amounts due Franchisor or its Affiliates for
                       Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, purchases from Franchisor or its
                       Affiliates or any other amounts due to Franchisor or its Affiliates, and does not correct
                       such failure or refusal within ten (10) days after written notice of such failure is
                       delivered to Franchisee;
                                                     27
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
