                         interests), Franchisor will consent to the assignment and waive payment of a transfer
                         fee and its right of first refusal under Section 19.7 upon its receipt of such
                         documentation and information concerning the corporation or limited liability
                         company and its Principals as Franchisor may request. The required documentation
                         will include, without limitation, (i) a certified list of the corporation’s Principals
                         (designating the amount and percentage of stock or units of beneficial ownership each
                         Principal owns), (ii) a Personal Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations signed by
                         each Principal, and (iii) an express assumption by the corporation or limited liability
                         company of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement.

                    b. If Franchisee is a Business Entity (defined in Section 31), Franchisor will consent to
                       Ownership Interest Transfers among Franchisee’s original Principals and waive
                       payment of a Transfer Fee and its right of first refusal under Section 19.7 if the Transfer
                       does not result in a Transfer of a Controlling Interest. The transferor shall deliver to
                       Franchisor such documentation and information concerning the Ownership Interest
                       Transfer and the resulting ownership of Franchisee as Franchisor may request. The
                       required documentation will include, without limitation, a Guaranty and Assumption
                       of Obligations signed by each Principal who has not previously signed such
                       documents.

       19.7       Right of First Refusal. If Franchisee or one or more of its Principals wishes to effectuate
a Transfer, consistent with any bona fide binding offer received from a third party to purchase that interest,
then the proposed seller will promptly notify Franchisor in writing of the offer, at least ninety (90) days
prior to the proposed Transfer, and will provide any additional information and documentation relating to
the offer that Franchisor requires. Franchisor will have the option, exercisable within fifteen (15) Business
Days after Franchisor’s receipt of a fully executed purchase agreement, to send written notice to the seller
that Franchisor intends to purchase the seller’s interest on the same terms and conditions provided under
the fully executed purchase agreement received by Franchisor. If Franchisor elects to purchase the seller’s
interest, Franchisor must receive, and Franchisee and its owners agree to make, all customary
representations and warranties given by the seller of the assets of a business or the ownership interests in a
legal entity, as applicable. Franchisor has the unrestricted right to assign the right of first refusal outlined
in this Section 19.7.

        If Franchisee receives a bona fide binding offer from a third party to purchase the Franchised
Restaurant along with other JERSEY MIKE’S restaurants that Franchisee, or its Affiliates, own, Franchisor
may decide, in its sole discretion, whether to purchase only the Franchised Restaurant or a combination of
the Franchised Restaurants of the other JERSEY MIKE’S restaurants owned by Franchisee, or its Affiliates,
on the same business terms as they relate to the Franchised Restaurant.

         If an offer from a third party provides for payment of consideration other than cash, Franchisor may
elect to purchase the interest proposed to be sold for the cash equivalent. If the parties cannot agree within
a reasonable time on the cash equivalent of the non-cash part of the offer, then the cash equivalent will be
determined by one independent accredited appraiser who will conduct an appraisal and, in doing so, be
bound by the criteria specific herein. Franchisor and Franchisee agree to select the appraiser within fifteen
(15) days after Franchisor notifies Franchisee that it wishes to exercise its right of first refusal (if Franchisor
and Franchisee have not agreed on the cash equivalent before then). The cost of the appraisal shall be
shared equally by Franchisor and Franchisee. The appraiser must complete its appraisal within thirty (30)
days after its appointment. If Franchisor elects to purchase the seller’s interest, closing on the purchase
will occur no later than sixty (60) days after the date Franchisor gives notice to the seller of the election to
purchase, provided that Franchisor has received all necessary permits and approvals, or on such other date
                                                    34
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
