   13.    STANDARDS OF QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE

         Franchisee shall comply with all System Standards prescribed by Franchisor, including, but not
limited to the following:

       13.1       Franchisee must open the Franchised Restaurant and commence business by the Restaurant
Opening Deadline set forth on the Summary Pages (the “Opening Deadline), unless Franchisee obtains an
extension of the Opening Deadline from Franchisor in writing. Franchisee acknowledges that time is of
the essence for purposes of opening the Franchised Restaurant. Prior to such opening, Franchisee shall
have procured all necessary permits, and approvals, including but not limited to construction permits, shall
have hired and trained personnel, made all leasehold improvements, executed its approved grand opening
marketing plan and purchased initial inventory. Franchisee shall pay all outstanding due and payable
invoices in full prior to commencing operation. If Franchisee for any reason fails to commence operation
as required by this Agreement, unless Franchisee is showing good faith efforts to find a location, such
failure shall be considered a default and Franchisor may terminate this Agreement as provided by Section
17.

      13.2        Franchisee agrees to maintain the condition and appearance of the Premises consistent with
Franchisor’s quality controls and standards for the image of a Restaurant as an attractive, pleasant and
comfortable Restaurant conducive to impulse buying by its customers. Franchisee agrees to effect such
reasonable maintenance of the Franchised Restaurant as is from time to time required to maintain or
improve the appearance and efficient operation of the Franchised Restaurant, including replacement of
worn out or obsolete fixtures and signs, repair of the exterior and interior of the Franchised Restaurant and
redecorating. If at any time in Franchisor’s judgment the general state of repair or the appearance of the
Premises or its equipment, fixtures, signs or decor does not meet Franchisor’s quality control and standards
therefore, Franchisor shall so notify Franchisee, specifying the action to be taken by Franchisee to correct
such deficiency. If Franchisee fails or refuses to initiate within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice,
and thereafter continue, a bona fide program to complete any required maintenance, Franchisor shall have
the right, in addition to all other remedies, to enter upon the Premises and effect such repairs, painting,
decorating or replacements of equipment, fixtures or signs on behalf of Franchisee and Franchisee shall pay
the entire costs of such repairs, maintenance and decorations on demand.

      13.3       Franchisee shall make no material alterations to the improvements of the Franchised
Restaurant nor shall Franchisee make materials replacement of or alterations to the equipment, fixtures, or
signs of the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written approval by Franchisor.

       13.4      The Premises shall be used solely for the purpose of operating a JERSEY MIKE’S
Franchised Restaurant consistent with this Agreement. Franchisee agrees that it will offer for sale and sell
at the Franchised Restaurant all types of sandwiches and other categories of food products and services that
Franchisor from time to time authorizes and that it will not offer for sale or sell at the Franchised Restaurant
any other category of products or use such Premises for any purpose other than the operation of the
Franchised Restaurant in full compliance with this Agreement.

       13.5     Franchisor may provide to Franchisee, a list of approved manufacturers, suppliers and
distributors and approved food and non-food products, recipes, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery,
supplies and services which Franchisor has approved to be carried or used in JERSEY MIKE’S System.
Franchisor may revise the approved list of manufacturers, suppliers and distributors and the approved list
of food and non-food products, recipes, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery, supplies and other materials
from time to time in its sole discretion. Such approved list shall be submitted to Franchisee as Franchisor
deems advisable.
                                                  17
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
