                         may then require, and each principal of the proposed transferee meets Franchisor’s
                         criteria for qualifying as a new franchisee;

                    c. The transferee upgrades the Franchised Restaurant to meet Franchisor’s then-current
                       System Standards for new Restaurants;

                    d. The transferee provides Franchisor a waiver and release with respect to liability for any
                       financial data, earnings claims, representations and other information Franchisee or its
                       representatives provided the transferee;

                    e. Each Principal and respective spouse executes a Guaranty and Assumption of
                       Obligations (Exhibit C-2);

                    f.   The transferee and the transferee’s Controlling Principal and/or designated manager
                         satisfactorily complete Franchisor’s training program;

                    g. The transferee and the transferee’s Principals apply to Franchisor for acceptance as a
                       Jersey Mike’s franchisee, and furnishes to Franchisor the information and references
                       that Franchisor requests to determine transferee’s and its Principals’ skills,
                       qualifications and economic resources;

                    h. The transferee and the transferee’s Principals demonstrate that it and the Principals
                       have the skills, qualifications, ethics, moral values and economic resources necessary,
                       in Franchisor’s judgment, to operate the Restaurant, and to fulfill its obligations to
                       Franchisor;

                    i.   If the transferee and/or its Principals are an existing Jersey Mike’s franchisee, the
                         transferee and the transferee’s Principals must be approved by Franchisor, in its sole
                         and absolute discretion, for growth;

                    j.   Franchisor receives a transfer fee of Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00) and a
                         grand opening advertising fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00);

                    k. Franchisee and its Affiliates and their respective Principals and Guarantors shall
                       provide to Franchisor an unconditional, general release of all claims it may have
                       against Franchisor, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders,
                       partners and employees;

                    l.   Franchisee shall submit any advertisement for the sale of the Restaurant or the
                         franchise to Franchisor, and Franchisor shall provide written approval before such
                         advertisement is used;

                    m. That the total sales price is not so excessive, in Franchisor’s sole determination, that it
                       jeopardizes the continued economic viability and future operations of the Restaurant;
                       and

                    n. That Franchisee complies with the right of first refusal provisions as provided for in
                       this Agreement.



                                                    32
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
