       11.3      All Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, gift card sales, amounts due for
purchases by Franchisee from Franchisor and its Affiliates, and other amounts which Franchisee owes to
Franchisor or its Affiliates shall bear interest after due date at the highest applicable lawful rate for open
account business credit, not to exceed one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month. Franchisor’s Affiliates are
entities which are either controlled by Franchisor or which are under common control with Franchisor.
Franchisor shall also assess a penalty or a late payment fee equal to the greater of Twenty-Five Dollars
($25.00) or five percent (5%) of such late payment. Franchisee acknowledges that this Section 11.3 shall not
constitute agreement by Franchisor or its Affiliates to accept such payments after same are due or a
commitment by Franchisor to extend credit to or otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of, the Franchised
Restaurant. Further, without limiting Franchisor to other remedies, Franchisee acknowledges that its failure
to pay all amounts when due shall constitute grounds for termination of this Agreement, as provided in Section
17 of this Agreement, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11.3.

      11.4       Notwithstanding any designation by Franchisee, Franchisor shall have the sole discretion to
apply any payments by Franchisee to any past due indebtedness of Franchisee for Continuing Royalty Fees,
advertising contributions, gift card sales, purchases from Franchisor and its Affiliates, interest or any other
indebtedness in such proportions as Franchisor directs.

   12.    ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS

       12.1       Franchisee shall establish and maintain a bookkeeping, accounting and record keeping
system conforming to the requirements prescribed by Franchisor, including without limitation the use and
retention of sales checks, cash register tapes, purchase orders, invoices, payroll records, check stubs, sales tax
records and returns, cash receipts and disbursements, general journals, general ledgers, bank statements and
deposit slips.

       12.2      Franchisee will supply to Franchisor on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of each month, in
the form approved by Franchisor, a profit and loss statement and a balance sheet for the last preceding calendar
month. Additionally, Franchisee shall, at its expense, submit to Franchisor within ninety (90) days of the end
of each fiscal year during the term of this Agreement, a profit and loss statement for such calendar year and a
balance sheet as of the last day of such calendar year, prepared on an accrual basis including all adjustments
necessary for fair presentation of the financial statements. Such financial statements will be certified to be
true and correct by Franchisee. Franchisor reserves the right to require annual financial statements, prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards, review or audited by an independent certified
public accountant.

      12.3       Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor such other periodic reports, forms and records as
specified, and in the manner and at the time as specified in the Manual or otherwise in writing.

      12.4        Franchisee shall record all sales on the computer-based POS System as designated by
Franchisor in the Manual or otherwise in writing, now or in the future. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor shall
have the right to require Franchisee to utilize designated hardware and software for the computer-based POS
System which are fully compatible with any program or system which Franchisor, in its discretion, may
employ, including the credit card processing program and online ordering system. Franchisee agrees to pay
the monthly software licensing and POS support fees, back-up cellular service, as well as the secure network
fee for credit card processing and sales data transmittal, and fees associated with online and third party
ordering and delivery, as determined by Franchisor, who retains the right to adjust the fees pursuant to System
Standards. All Gross Receipts and all sales information requested by Franchisor shall be recorded on computer
based POS equipment. Franchisor shall have full access to all of Franchisee’s data, system and related
information by means of direct access whether in person, or by telephone, modem or internet and may share
                                                   15
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
