         To facilitate the opening of your Restaurant, Company will send one of its representatives to your
Restaurant for a minimum of three calendar days (8 hours per day) during the first month of operation. This
representative will assist you in establishing and standardizing procedures and techniques for the operation
of JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants and in training personnel. At Company’s option, it may provide additional
on-site assistance during the initial opening, or at any time during the term of your Franchise Agreement,
at your expense.

       All your employees must complete designated training programs enumerated by Company in the
Manual and at your expense. (Franchise Agreement - Section 5.3) The Table of Contents of Company’s
Manual (containing 412 pages) is shown in Exhibit E.

         Company may provide refresher training programs to be conducted at Company’s headquarters or
at another location designated by Company. The refresher programs or seminars will address common
problems experienced by JERSEY MIKE’S franchisees or advancements in new products, services or
techniques to be used by the System and will not exceed 2 programs in any calendar year collectively
totaling 4 days in duration. Attendance at these programs by you and your employees is mandatory and will
be at your expense. (Franchise Agreement - Section 5.5)

         You must at all times employ at least one individual who has completed Phases 1, 2, and 3, at least
one individual who has completed Phases 1 and 3, and at least one individual who has completed Phase 1
(each, a “Trained Employee”) when operating the Franchised Restaurant. If a Trained Employee ceases to
serve in the position that qualified him or her for training (as Franchisee, Controlling Principal, designated
manager, assistant manager, or shift supervisor, as applicable) for the Franchised Restaurant (even before
the Franchised Restaurant opens), you must promptly arrange for that individual’s replacement to attend
and successfully complete the same training phases that the Trained Employee completed. Such training
must be completed no later than 120 days after the departure of the Trained Employee. If you are replacing
a Trained Employee, you will be responsible for paying Company’s then-applicable rate for training a
replacement Trained Employee. Such payment must be made in advance of training. The applicable rate,
which is subject to change, is $2,500 per trainee. (Franchise Agreement - Section 5.6)

        You must comply with all applicable board of health food safety certification requirements, such
as ServSafe certification or the local equivalent, prior to the opening of the Franchised Restaurant and on
an ongoing basis. You are solely responsible for determining and complying with the applicable
requirements. However, in the event any guidance or recommendation issued by a federal, state or local
authority directly or indirectly affects the operation of your Restaurant, you cannot close the restaurant
unless you obtain Company’s prior written approval.

         Except as approved by Company in writing, you must not establish or create any domain names,
websites, email addresses, usernames, profiles, screen names, social network accounts, other online
presence or presence on any electronic medium (“Online Presence”). You must grant Company access to
each Online Presence and to take whatever action Company requests to help Company obtain control of the
Online Presence. Company may require you, at your expense, to list and advertise the Franchised
Restaurant with the online directories that Company may prescribe (such as Yelp® or Google®) or establish
any other Online Presence that Company requires, each in accordance with Company’s System Standards.
If Company approves, in writing, the use of any social networking websites (such as LinkedIn®, Twitter®,
Facebook®, Instagram® or YouTube®) in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, or the posting of
messages relating to the Franchised Restaurant on other websites (such as Yelp®), you will do so only in
accordance with Company’s guidelines detailed in the Manual or otherwise in writing. Company may
require its approval of any message you compose for a social networking website or commentary for any
other website before you post such message or commentary. You must also comply with Company’s
website privacy policy, as it may be periodically amended, and with any requests to return or delete
consumer personal information, whether requested by Company or directly by the consumer, as required
by applicable data sharing and privacy laws.

                                                      42
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
