ITEM 19.            FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

        The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for
the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the
actual records of an existing outlet that you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the
information provided in Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at a
particular location or under particular circumstances.

Definitions

     As used in this Item 19, the following terms have the meanings given to them below:

              “Traditional Franchised Restaurants” means JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants (other than
Non-Traditional Restaurants) that were operated by third-party franchisees for greater than 360 days during
the Measurement Period.

               “Non-Traditional Restaurants” means JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants that were operated by
third-party franchisees or licensees in an airport, casino, arena, hospital, military installation, school,
stadium, ghost kitchen, or similar venue.

             “Measurement Period” means the 12-month period beginning on January 1, 2024 and
ending on December 31, 2024.

               “Unit Volume” means the total of all sales of food products, beverages, other merchandise
and products, and services to customers, whether or not sold or performed at or from the JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurant (including off site sales and catering sales), regardless of whether the sales were made in
compliance with the Franchise Agreement, less sales, use or service taxes collected and paid to the
appropriate taxing authority, and customer refunds, discounts, coupons, and donations.

Data Set and Methodology

        As of December 31, 2024, there were 3,002 JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants open and operating.
However, five JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants operate at locations in Canada and eight JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurants operate pursuant to license agreements under terms that differ from a Franchise Agreement,
leaving 2,989 JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurants that were open and operating in the United States
as of December 31, 2024.

        The data presented below includes 2,255 Traditional Franchised Restaurants. The remaining 734
JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants open as of December 31, 2024 were excluded from the data presented below,
because the Restaurant (a) operated for fewer than 361 days during the Measurement Period (of which there
were 683 of those JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants); (b) did not use Company’s designated POS System (of
which there were 10 of those JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants); (c) operated for greater than 360 days during
the Measurement Period but were Non-Traditional Restaurants (of which there were 12 of those JERSEY
MIKE’S Restaurants), or (d) was directly or indirectly owned or managed by Company, its affiliates, by
any person identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document, or by the Company’s former Chief Executive
Officer who was disclosed in Item 2 during the Measurement Period (of which collectively there were 29
of those JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants).

       The data presented in the chart below is data Company obtained by polling the information directly
from the designated POS System. Company does not anticipate that the characteristics of the JERSEY
MIKE’S Restaurants included in this Item 19 will materially differ from JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants

                                                    56
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
