on the original restaurant owned and operated by The Original Mike’s, Inc. The restaurant had been doing
business as “Mike’s Submarines” and operated from 1956 to 2002.

        Company’s affiliate, Jersey Shore Construction LLC, will provide products and services to
Company’s franchisees. Jersey Shore Construction LLC has its principal place of business at 2251 Landmark
Place, Manasquan, New Jersey 08736.

        Company’s affiliate, JM ’75, LLC (“FoodCo”) owns certain existing third-party vendor/supplier
contracts for providing franchisees with material, equipment, supplies and/or services. FoodCo will provide
products and services to Company’s franchisees. FoodCo does not offer any franchises. FoodCo has its
principal place of business at 2251 Landmark Place, Manasquan, New Jersey 08736.

         JMFS previously entered into license agreements under which licensees are permitted to use
Company’s trademarks, pay royalties, and, to an extent, follow the System (as defined below). Such licensees
typically operate JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants in non-traditional locations. Because of the differences
between non-traditional JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants and Franchised Restaurants, the terms of these license
agreements may differ from a Franchise Agreement. Company may continue to enter into such license
agreements in certain circumstances. In addition, affiliates of Company own and operate JERSEY MIKE’S
Restaurants pursuant to license or franchise agreements with Company, which are referred to as Company-
Owned outlets.

        Company does not engage in any other business activities and does not offer franchises in any other
business. Except as described in Item 1, no affiliates of Company offer franchises in any line of business,
provide products or services to franchisees, or operate a JERSEY MIKE’s Franchised Restaurant

          Description of Franchise Company Offers

         Company offers franchises for the establishment, development and operation of restaurant facilities
for the on-premises and off-premises consumption of a wide assortment of made-to-order submarine type
sandwiches, other sandwiches and related food products and beverages (“Franchised Restaurant” or
“Restaurant”). You are granted the right to use the Marks “JERSEY MIKE’S”, “JERSEY MIKE’S
ESTABLISHED IN ‘56 PT. PLEASANT, plus the design”, “MIKE’S, plus the design”, associated logos,
commercial symbols and the System identified thereto in the operation of a JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised
Restaurant.

         Company offers a franchise grant for a single Franchised Restaurant at an approved location. With
Company’s approval, you may be allowed the opportunity to obtain franchises to develop and operate more
than one JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant. Regardless of the number of franchises you seek to
acquire, you will execute an area development agreement, attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit
B (“Area Development Agreement”), which will govern your development obligations for each Franchised
Restaurant. Upon signing an Area Development Agreement, you will receive an exclusive development
territory (the “Designated Territory”) in which you will evaluate proposed site locations, execute leases for
approved locations, and execute separate franchise agreements (each, a “Franchise Agreement”), for the
establishment and operation of individual Franchised Restaurants; however, the required opening deadline
for each Franchised Restaurant will be governed exclusively by the dates specified on a development
schedule (“Development Schedule”) in the Area Development Agreement. As soon as you execute a lease
for a premises that Company has approved for a Franchised Restaurant (the “Premises”), you will execute
a Franchise Agreement, which governs your rights and obligations for a single Franchised Restaurant at
such approved location. For each Franchised Restaurant, you will sign a copy of Company’s then-current
Franchise Agreement, which terms may materially differ from the form of Franchise Agreement attached
to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit C.

       Previously, Company and JMFS offered to individuals and entities meeting its qualifications the
opportunity to provide services for JERSEY MIKE’S franchisees and their Franchised Restaurants located
                                                      4
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
