Required Purchases of Goods and Services

          In order to maintain the superior quality and consistency of products and services Company sells and
Company’s reputation, Company may require you to purchase certain goods and services from required
vendors, Company, or Company’s affiliates. All JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants, including franchised,
company-owned and affiliated Restaurants, must offer Pepsi beverages and Frito Lay snack line. You must
also purchase all private and proprietary items, including Company’s private-label meats and cheeses, bread,
paper products, and uniforms with Company’s trademarked logos, from Company’s required vendors, and
which are distributed through the Sysco Corporation, which has distribution centers located throughout the
country, or other distributors used by Company. During 2024, Jersey Shore Construction LLC, another
affiliate of Company, received $2,303,331 in payments from franchisees for purchases of the graphics
package. While Jersey Shore Construction LLC sells certain of these items to franchisees, Company requires
you to purchase certain furnishings, materials, and equipment from its designated third-party vendor.

         Company will require you to use only real estate brokers approved by Company to locate a site for
your Restaurant and will require you to use only general contractors which it has designated or approved
to construct your Restaurant. You must deal directly with any such real estate brokers and general
contractors. Company will neither receive payments from designated or approved general contractors or
real estate brokers, nor will it have any liability to you for their acts or omissions.

         If you are a participant in the Coach Rod Smith Program, Company or JMFS may require you to
utilize certain in-house resources or a specified third-party provider for accounting, bookkeeping, or lease
review in Company’s sole discretion. If JMFS requires you to utilize its in-house accounting or
bookkeeping resources, you will be required to pay to JMFS its then-current rate for such services. This
rate is currently estimated to be $150 per week and is subject to change. During 2024, JMFS received
$50,400 in payments from franchisees for bookkeeping services.

         Company will require you to participate in certain system wide promotions and programs, including
the Customer Loyalty Program with Text Messaging and Email Club, the Online Ordering Program, and
the Food and Labor Management Program. These Programs are part of the POS Software Licensing and
Support Package, which currently costs $395/month, but may increase up to $795/month within the 12
months following the issuance date of this Disclosure Document. Company also requires you to pay a fee for
secure network access and monitoring, which currently costs $31.85 per month, but may increase up to
$39.85 per month within 12 months following the issuance date of this Disclosure Document. These fees are
subject to change. Company may collect these fees via your automatic clearing house (ACH) account, or you
may be required to pay them through the designated vendor. During 2024, Company received $14,825,694
in payments from franchisees for these fees, which constituted 5.3% of Company’s total revenue of
$279,944,629 during the year.

         Under the Customer Loyalty Program (“Jersey Mike’s Shore Points®”), customers earn free food
items after a certain number of purchases. The administrative costs of the Customer Loyalty Program are
included in the monthly Software Licensing and Support Fees Package. You must pay the minimal costs
of the plastic loyalty cards, which you purchase from Company, and the costs of the free items awarded
under the Jersey Mike’s Shore Points® program, which you must provide to customers. Company or local
marketing cooperatives may choose to send text messages to those customers who sign up for text
messaging at no cost to you. However, if you choose to send text messages to your customer lists, you will
pay local text messaging fees, currently at $0.025/message; this fee is subject to change. Customers who
provide their email addresses to Company occasionally receive special offerings from Company, including
free food items upon presentation of a valid email coupon at your Restaurant; you must pay for the costs of
the free food items.

        Under the Online Ordering Program, customers place their orders online designating from which
restaurant they will pick up the order. The costs of this Program are included in the monthly Software
Licensing and Support Fees Package. However, you will pay Company an additional $0.2921 per online
                                                      22
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
