     restaurant concept. franchises the trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, marketing concepts,
     and marketing programs, which are the basic attributes of the franchised operations.
     JM 75, LLC was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in connection with the initial 2019
     securitization transaction, which is further described in Note 4—Securitization Transactions. JM 75, LLC
     is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Jersey Mike’s Funding, LLC. The principal activity is the
     administration of supply chain and brand dollar payment arrangements for Jersey Mike’s submarine
     sandwich restaurants.
     JM Gift Card Operating Co. LLC was formed as a Virginia limited liability company, wholly owned
     subsidiary of Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC as a result of the gift card restructuring, which is
     further described in Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
     Principles of Consolidation—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
     above-listed entities and are collectively referred to as Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC and
     Affiliates. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The
     Company evaluates its business relationships, such as those with franchisees, suppliers, and advertising
     cooperatives, to identify potential variable interest entities. The Company has concluded, based on
     their review and evaluation of professional standards, that certain of its franchises are variable interest
     entities; however, as the Company is not the primary beneficiary, these entities have not been
     consolidated.
2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Significant accounting policies followed by the Company in the preparation of the accompanying
     consolidated financial statements are summarized below:
     Basis of Presentation—The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
     accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The
     accompanying consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the Company and its
     subsidiaries.
     Use of Estimates—The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting
     principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
     assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of
     revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
     Cash—Cash includes balances on deposit at US and Canadian banks. Highly liquid investments
     purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents. As of
     December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were cash equivalents of approximately $764,700,000 and
     $76,900,000, respectively.
     Restricted Cash—Restricted cash represents amounts held to meet certain reserve requirements in
     conjunction with the Securitization Transactions described in Note 4 and the Notes Receivable
     transaction described in Note 5. In addition to those funds, the Company collects cash on behalf of the
     franchisees and various marketing cooperatives created throughout the country. These funds are
     reimbursed as the individual marketing cooperatives incur advertising expenses.
     Accounts Receivable—Accounts receivable are non-interest-bearing obligations due under normal
     trade terms carried at cost. Account balances are delinquent if payments have not been received by the
     Company for 90 days. Included in accounts receivable are receivables from vendors in the amounts of
     approximately $21,100,000 and $19,750,000 at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


                                                      -9-
