     The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2023 was 2,686 with 1,275 additional units
     under contract.
     The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2022 was 2,400 with 1,153 additional units
     under contract.
     Income Taxes— The Company is a single-member limited liability company and is treated as a
     disregarded entity for federal and state income tax purposes. As a result, the Company does not incur
     US federal income taxes and only incurs minimal state income taxes. It’s earnings and losses are
     ultimately included in the consolidated income tax returns of Jersey Mike’s Inc., the Company’s indirect
     parent. As a result, the accompanying statements of income includes a provision for minimal state
     income taxes.
     Financial Instruments—The Company’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
     equivalents (including restricted cash), accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses.
     These are recorded at cost which approximates fair value.
     Fair Value Measurements
     Level 1—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or
     liabilities in active markets that the plan has the ability to access. Such inputs include quoted prices in
     active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
     Level 2—Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or
     liabilities; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
     substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
     Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are financial
     instruments whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies,
     or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires
     significant judgment or estimation.
     The asset or liability’s fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the
     lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation techniques
     utilized need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
     There have been no changes in the methodologies used during the years presented in the financial
     statements.
     The method described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net
     realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its
     valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
     methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result
     in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.
3.   SECURITIZATION TRANSACTIONS

     On December 23, 2019, the closing date, the Parent contributed substantially all of its respective
     intellectual property, including software and trademarks as applicable (collectively, the “Securitization
     IP”), as well as all franchise agreements, all area development agreements, and all related rights to
     develop and expand substantially all franchising and licensing activities with respect to the Jersey
     Mike’s brand to the Company.




                                                      - 10 -
