and/or traffic flow. Company’s written approval of the site is required before your signing of any lease
agreement or Franchise Agreement. If you fail to sign an acceptable lease at an acceptable site within the
deadlines prescribed in your Area Development Agreement, then Company may elect to unilaterally
terminate such agreement upon written notice to you without refund of the Development Fee, unless you
obtain an extension of such deadline from Company in writing. (Franchise Agreement - Summary Pages,
Sections 13.1, and 17.2; Area Development Agreement - Summary Pages, Section 7) A map of the
Franchised Restaurant’s Designated Area will be established by Company at the time Company approves
your Restaurant location, and the Designated Area will be incorporated into the Franchise Agreement prior
to execution. (Franchise Agreement - Section 1.2)

      B.       After you sign a Franchise Agreement, but before you open the Franchised Restaurant,
Company (or its designee(s) or Area Directors) will:

           1. Train you, if you are an individual, or your Controlling Principal if you are an entity, your
designated and approved manager, and your designated and approved shift supervisors before beginning
operation of the Franchised Restaurant as described in this Item 11 below. (Franchise Agreement - Section
5.1) Company does not charge for this training or service; however, you and your employees’ expenses of
attending this program, including travel costs, room and board expenses and employees’ salaries will be
your sole responsibility. Training occurs at Company’s headquarters and at locations designated by
Company.

            2. Provide you with lists of names of approved manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, and
specifications regarding approved inventory, equipment, merchandise, products, materials, and supplies
from those approved manufacturers, distributors and suppliers. (Franchise Agreement - Section 14.5)
Company will cause its affiliate, Jersey Shore Construction LLC, to sell and supply you with certain
equipment, furniture, and graphic design.

           3. Provide you with online access to the confidential operations manual, which may include
one or more separate manuals as well as audiotapes, videotapes, computer software, compact discs,
information available on an Internet site, other electronic or digital media or written materials (collectively,
the “Manual”) containing the System Standards and suggested specifications, standards, operating
procedures and rules as may be prescribed by Company for Restaurants and information relative to how
you must operate the Franchised Restaurant. The Manual is confidential and remains the property of
Company. Company may modify the Manual. (Franchise Agreement - Section 7.1) The Table of Contents
of the Manual is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit E.

          C.        Typical Length of Time Before Operation

            The typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and the opening of
your Restaurant is approximately nine (9) months. If you are developing a single Restaurant, the typical
length of time between the signing of the Development Agreement and the opening of the Restaurant is
approximately twelve (12) months. Factors affecting this length of time may include the availability of
appropriate real estate; your ability to select a site, prepare a site survey, and submit modifications of
Company’s basic architectural plan for Company’s approval; your ability to obtain governmental approvals,
arrange leasing and financing, make leasehold improvements and decor and furnishing modifications, meet
local ordinances or community requirements and complete training; the ability of suppliers to complete
delivery of equipment and signs; and similar factors.




                                                       28
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
