   7.     CONFIDENTIAL OPERATIONS MANUAL

        7.1       Franchisor will provide to Franchisee during the term of the franchise online access to the
Confidential Operations Manual, which may include one or more separate manuals as well as audiotapes,
videotapes, computer software, compact discs, information available on an Internet site, other electronic or
digital media or written materials (collectively, the “Manual”) containing the System Standards and suggested
specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules prescribed from time to time by Franchisor for
JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants and information relative to other obligations of Franchisee hereunder and the
operation of its Franchised Restaurant. The Manual contains proprietary information of Franchisor and shall
be kept confidential by Franchisee both during the term of the franchise and subsequent to the expiration or
termination of the franchise. Franchisor shall have the right to add to and otherwise modify the Manual from
time to time.

      7.2      The Manual shall at all times remain the sole property of Franchisor and all copies in
Franchisee’s possession shall promptly be returned upon the expiration or other termination of this
Agreement.

        7.3        Franchisee shall at all times ensure that any copy of the Confidential Operations Manual that
is available at the Premises is a current and up-to-date, and in the event of any dispute as to the contents of the
Confidential Operations Manual, the terms of the master copy of the Confidential Operations Manual
maintained by Franchisor at Franchisor’s home office shall be controlling.

   8.     CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

       8.1        Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary under this Agreement, it is understood and
agreed that this Agreement does not grant Franchisee any right to use the Marks or to use any of Franchisor’s
trade secrets and/or proprietary or confidential information, other than as described below. Further, it is
understood and agreed that this Agreement does not grant Franchisee any right to any copyright or patent
which Franchisor now owns or may own in the future.

       8.2       Franchisee shall at all times preserve in confidence and divulge such confidential information
only to such of its employees as must have access to it in order to operate the Restaurant(s) and/or comply
with the provisions of this Agreement. Furthermore, Franchisee agrees that such access will be conditioned
on such employees signing confidentiality agreements containing confidential information provisions no less
stringent than those contained herein, provided that Franchisee is solely responsible for ensuring that such
agreements comply with and are enforceable under applicable laws. Franchisee shall not at any time, without
Franchisor’s prior written consent, copy, duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce such materials or
information, in whole or in part, nor otherwise make the same available to any unauthorized person.

       8.3       Any and all information, knowledge and know-how, that Franchisor designates as
confidential shall be deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement, except information which
Franchisee can demonstrate came to its attention in a lawful manner prior to disclosure by Franchisor or which,
at the time of disclosure by Franchisor, had become part of the public domain, through publication or
communication by others, so long as such disclosure was not caused by Franchisee. Franchisee acknowledges
that Franchisor is the sole owner of all confidential information, as provided in this Agreement.

       8.4       Due to the special and unique nature of the confidential information, Franchisee agrees that
Franchisor shall be entitled to immediate equitable remedies, including but not limited to, restraining orders,
protective orders and permanent injunctive relief in order to safeguard such proprietary, confidential, unique,

                                                    8
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
