                                               A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                         CONSENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

        This Consent and General Release (this “Release”) is entered into, between A Sub Above, LLC
(“We” or “Us”) and You (as defined on the Summary Page. This Release shall take effect upon its execution
and dating by Us (the “Effective Date”).

                                                 BACKGROUND

         A.       You and We entered into the Franchise Agreement(s) on the date(s) described on the
Summary Page. The term “Franchise Agreement(s)” includes all exhibits, addenda, amendments, subleases
and attachments which give You the right to operate one or more Jersey Mike’s restaurant(s), including the
parties’ rights under an Area Development Agreement.

        B.      You have asked Us to take the following action or to agree to the following request: [insert
as appropriate]



.

         C.      We have the right under the Franchise Agreement(s), and Area Development Agreement(s)
(as applicable), to obtain a general release from You (and, if applicable, your owners) as a condition of
taking this action or agreeing to this request. Therefore, We are willing to take the action or agree to the
request specified above if You (and, if applicable, your owners) give Us the release and covenant not to sue
provided below in this document. You (and, if applicable, your owners) are willing to give Us this release
and covenant not to sue provided below as partial consideration for our willingness to take action or agree
to the request described above.

       D.     Except as set out on the Summary Page, the Franchise Agreement(s) is in effect, has not
been amended or modified since it was signed, and its written terms accurately reflect the entire agreement
between You and Us relating to the Restaurant.

          E.      Consistent with the previous introduction, You, on your own behalf and on behalf of your
current and former parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries, and each such foregoing person’s or entity’s
respective agents, spouses, heirs, principals, attorneys, owners, officers, directors, employees,
representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the “Releasing Parties”), hereby fully
and forever unconditionally release and discharge Us and our current and former parents, subsidiaries, and
affiliates, and our and each such foregoing entity’s respective current and former owners, officers, directors,
employees, managers, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the
“Franchisor Parties”) of and from any and all claims, damages, demands, causes of action, suits, duties,
liabilities, and agreements of every kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, “Claims”), whether at law or
in equity, and known or unknown, which any of the Releasing Parties had, has, or may have had, in any
way arising out of or relating to any relationship or transaction with any of the Franchisor Parties, however
characterized or described, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, including, without limitation,
any and all Claims in any way arising out of or relating to the Franchise Agreement, Area Development
Agreement, the relationship created by the Franchise Agreement and/or the Development Agreement, or
the development, ownership, or operation of any and all of the Restaurant(s). You, on your own behalf and
on behalf of the other Releasing Parties, further covenant not to sue any of the Franchisor Parties on any of
the Claims released by this paragraph and represent that You have not assigned any of the Claims released
by this paragraph to any individual or entity who is not bound by this paragraph.

        F.       Each of the Releasing Parties acknowledges that he, she or it is familiar with Section 1542
of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows:

A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. G – 2025_12 Sample General Release
1264.005.010/441098
