                    a. Commercial general liability insurance, including products liability, property damage,
                       owned and non-owned automobile coverage and personal injury coverage with the
                       following minimum limits:

                                      i. Each Occurrence: $1,000,000

                                      ii. Damage to Rented Premises: $100,000 (each occurrence)
                                  iii. Medical Expense (any one person): $5,000
                                  iv. Personal and Advertising Injury: $1,000,000
                                      v. General Aggregate: $2,000,000
                                  vi. Products – Completed Operations Aggregate: $2,000,000

                    b. Property insurance covering fire, vandalism, theft, burglary and extended coverage
                       insurance on a replacement value basis.

                    c. Business interruption insurance providing payment to Franchisor of lost royalties and
                       advertising fund payments.

                    d. Employment Practices Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of at least
                       $500,000, including full prior acts coverage, third party coverage, and Fair Labor
                       Standards Act (FLSA) coverage (FLSA coverage to have a sub-limit of $100,000).

                    e. Workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance as well as such other
                       insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised
                       Restaurant is located and operated. Franchisee will obtain workers’ compensation
                       insurance regardless of whether it is required by state law. Non-subscriber’s insurance
                       is insufficient to meet this requirement.

      15.3       The insurance afforded by the policy or policies respecting liability shall not be limited in
any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by Franchisor. Before the date on which
Franchisee takes possession and commences development of the Premises from which it will operate the
Franchised Restaurant, a Certificate of Insurance showing compliance with the foregoing requirements shall
be furnished by Franchisee to Franchisor for approval. Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies
will not be canceled or altered without at least twenty (20) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor and shall
reflect proof of payment of premiums. Maintenance of such insurance and the performance by Franchisee
of the obligations under this Section 15.3 shall not relieve Franchisee of liability under the indemnity
provision described in this Agreement. Minimum limits as required above may be modified from time to
time, as conditions require, by written notice to Franchisee.

       15.4      Should Franchisee, for any reason, not procure and maintain such insurance coverage as
required by this Agreement, Franchisor shall have the right and authority (without however, any obligation
to do so) immediately to procure such insurance coverage and to charge same to Franchisee, which charges,
together with a reasonable fee for expenses incurred by Franchisor in connection with such procurement,
shall be payable by Franchisee immediately upon notice.

     15.5      Failure to maintain insurance coverage as required by Franchisor shall be deemed a
material breach of this Agreement and shall constitute just cause for Franchisor’s termination of this
Agreement.
                                             23
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
