Intangible Assets—Intangible assets subject to amortization include area service agreements,
trademark, internally developed external-use software, and website design. The Company capitalizes
the costs of software developed for external use and website design when the preliminary project stage
is completed and management (i) commits to funding the project and (ii) believes it is probable that the
project will be completed and the software and website design will be used to perform the function
intended. The software and website design developed or obtained for external use are amortized on a
straight-line basis commencing when such software and website design is ready for its intended use. All
assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company accounts for impairment of long-lived assets in
accordance with professional standards, which require that if facts and circumstances indicate that the
cost of the assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be performed by comparing
the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the assets to the assets’ carrying value to
determine if a write-down to market value or discounted cash flow value would be required. The
Company has determined that no triggering events were identified as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and
2022 that would indicate potential impairment of any asset.

Revenue Recognition

Continuing Service and Other Income—The franchise agreements provide for payment of a weekly
continuing service and royalty fee based on gross sales as defined by Franchisor and reported by
franchisee on a company-required point-of-sale system. In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, continuing service and royalty fees are
recorded as revenue when earned.

Franchise Fees

Single-Unit Franchise Agreements—Single-unit franchise agreements provide for a payment of an
initial franchise fee, which is payable in full at the time of execution of the franchise agreement and is
nonrefundable.

Multiple-Unit Franchise Agreements—Multiple-unit franchise agreements provide for a payment of an
area development fee by the franchisee. This amount is determined by the number of units the
franchisee is to open. The fee is nonrefundable and is payable in full at the time of the execution of the
area development agreement.

Area Development and Service Agreements—The Company utilizes subcontractors under agreements
known as area development and service agreements. These agreements entitle the subcontractor to an
agreed-upon fees in return for developing and servicing the franchisees in the assigned area.

The core principle of ASC 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The Company has determined
that up-front franchise fees and area development and service agreements do contain distinct
performance obligations and those fees are recognized as revenue over the term of each franchise and
or area development agreement. The portions of the up-front franchise fees that have not been
recognized as revenue are considered contract liabilities and are recorded as unearned franchise fees.

Franchised and Corporate Locations—The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2024 was
2,997, with 964 additional units under contract.



                                                 -9-
