         AUTHORIZES AND DIRECTS HOLDER TO FUND THE DISBURSEMENTS OF THE TOTAL
         ADVANCE IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH.

    6. PAYMENTS.

              a. Beginning on the earlier of (i) the date sixty (60) days after the date the Restaurant first
                 opens for business or (ii) the [___] month anniversary of the date of this Note (in each case
                 provided Holder has made a disbursement of all or part of the Total Advance), Maker shall
                 make monthly payments of principal and interest in the amounts set forth on Exhibit A
                 until the [____] year anniversary of the Loan, on which date all remaining principal and
                 interest shall be paid in full.

              b. Maker shall make all payments hereunder to Holder in lawful money of the United States
                 and in immediately available funds. Maker shall make payments via auto-debit transfer
                 from an account provided by Maker, or as otherwise agreed upon by Maker and Holder.

              c. All payments under this Note shall be made unconditionally, indefeasibly and in full
                 without deduction, setoff, recoupment, counterclaim, or other defense, all of which are
                 hereby waived to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. If the Maker has any
                 claim, recoupment, set-off, defense or other right to the contrary, Maker shall notify Holder
                 in writing immediately. Maker hereby represents and warrants that it presently has no such
                 claims, recoupments, setoffs, defenses or other such rights.

    7. MAKER'S FAILURE TO PAY AS REQUIRED.

              a. Default. Upon the occurrence of any one of the following events (“Events of Default”), the
                 entire principal amount outstanding and all accrued interest thereunder shall at the option
                 of the Holder, without any prior notice, presentment or demand, become immediately due
                 and payable in full:

                        i. Failure of the Maker to make payments whenever due or upon demand, as the case
                           may be, and the continuation of such failure for a period of thirty (30) days; or

                       ii. Failure of the Maker to perform or observe any of the Maker's covenants or
                           agreements under this Note which continues for thirty (30) days after Maker knows
                           or should have known of such failure; or

                       iii. An assignment by the Maker of any of its assets for the benefit of the Maker's
                            creditors, or the commencement by or against the Maker of any bankruptcy,
                            insolvency, liquidation, receivership or similar proceedings; or

                       iv. Maker’s (or any of Maker’s guarantor’s) default in performing any other obligation
                           hereunder or under any other agreement now or hereafter entered into between
                           Maker (or any of Maker’s guarantors), on the one hand, and Holder or Franchisor
                           or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, including, without limitation, the
                           Franchise Agreement.

              b. Notice and Cure. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Holder shall send Maker a
                 written notice advising Maker of such default and requiring Maker to cure such default
                 within thirty (30) days after the date on which the notice is mailed to Maker or delivered
                                               Franchisor/Company’s Copy
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. K – 2025_12 Coach Rod Smith Program Amendment
1264.005.010/441104
