          11.5    Developer alone shall be responsible for all loss or damage originating in or in connection
with the operation of Developer’s Business and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for
injury, illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting from its business operations and Developer
agrees to indemnify and hold Franchisor harmless from any such claims, loss or damage.
    12. APPROVALS
       12.1    Whenever this Agreement requires the prior approval or consent of Franchisor, Developer
shall make a timely written request to Franchisor therefor, and, except as otherwise provided by this
Agreement, any approval or consent granted shall be effective only if in writing.
         12.2    Franchisor makes no warranties or guarantees upon which Developer may rely, and assumes
no liability or obligation to Developer or any third party to which it would not otherwise be subject, by
providing any waiver, approval, advice, consent or services to Developer in connection with this Agreement,
or by reason of any neglect, delay or denial of any request therefor.
    13. NON-WAIVER
         No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it in this Agreement or to insist upon
compliance by Developer with any obligation or condition in this Agreement, and no custom or practice of
the parties at variance with the terms of this Agreement, shall constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s rights to
demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Waiver by Franchisor of any particular default
shall not affect or impair Franchisor’s right in respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a different
nature, nor shall any delay, forbearance, or omission of Franchisor to exercise any power or right arising
out of any breach or default by Developer of any of the terms, provisions, or covenants of this Agreement,
affect or impair Franchisor’s rights, nor shall the same constitute a waiver by Franchisor of any rights
hereunder or rights to declare any subsequent breach or default.
        The following provision applies if Developer or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the
franchise registration or disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
    14. SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION; SURVIVAL
         14.1      Each provision of this Agreement shall be deemed severable from the others.
        14.2    Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon
any person or legal entity other than Franchisor or Developer any rights or remedies under or by reason of
this Agreement.
        14.3     All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and
none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.
        14.4    All references in this Agreement to gender and number shall be construed to include such
other gender and number as the context may require, and all acknowledgements, promises, covenants,
agreements and obligations made or undertaken by Developer shall be deemed jointly and severally
undertaken by all the parties which execute this Agreement on behalf of Developer.
         14.5      This Agreement may be signed in multiple copies and each copy so signed shall be deemed
an original.


                                                       9
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
