A SUB ABOVE, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023, AND
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022


1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS

     Description of Business—A Sub Above, LLC (the “Company” or “Franchisor”) was formed as a Delaware
     limited liability company as a result of the initial 2019 Securitization Transaction, which is further
     described in Note 3—Securitization Transactions. The Company is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of
     Jersey Mike’s Funding, LLC (the “Master Issuer” or the “Member”), which is a direct, wholly owned
     subsidiary of JM SPV Guarantor, LLC, which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Jersey Mike’s
     Franchise Systems, LLC (the “Parent” or “Manager”) (previously Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, Inc).
     The Company is primarily engaged in the business of franchising the Jersey Mike’s submarine sandwich
     restaurants, a fast casual restaurant concept. The Company franchises the trademarks, trade names,
     service marks, logos, marketing concepts, and marketing programs, which are the basic attributes of
     the franchised operations.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Significant accounting policies followed by the Company in the preparation of the accompanying
     financial statements are summarized below:

     Basis of Presentation—The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
     accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial
     statements includes all accounts of the Company, which has no subsidiaries.

     Use of Estimates—The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
     generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
     and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and
     expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash includes balances on deposit at US banks. Highly liquid investments
     purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents. As of
     December 31, 2024 and 2023 there were approximately $0 and $5,300,000 in cash equivalents,
     respectively.

     Restricted Cash—Restricted cash represents amounts held to meet certain reserve requirements in
     conjunction with the Securitization Transactions described in Note 3. In addition to those funds, the
     Company collects cash on behalf of the franchisees and various marketing cooperatives created
     throughout the country. These funds are transferred to the Manager on a weekly basis.

     Accounts Receivable—Accounts receivable represent royalty receivables due from franchisees.
     Accounts are written off as uncollectible after management reviews the specific circumstances related
     to each account. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, management has not deemed a reserve
     necessary.



                                                     -8-
