the event Franchisee operates more than one Restaurant, or in the event Franchisee does not devote its full
time to operating the Restaurant, at least one trained and competent employee referred to above shall act as
a full-time manager or shift supervisor. Franchisee shall keep Franchisor informed at all times of the
identity of any employee(s) acting as manager(s) or shift supervisor(s) of the Franchised Restaurant.
Franchisor shall make training available, as is reasonable and necessary, for all managers or shift
supervisors designated by Franchisee. Franchisor shall provide such training at the then-current published
rates. Franchisee agrees that it will at all times faithfully, honestly and diligently perform its obligations
hereunder and that it will not engage in any business or other activities that will conflict with its obligations
hereunder.

     13.13       Franchisee shall not install or maintain on the Premises any food racks, other sales and
promotional items and materials not authorized by Franchisor, and Franchisee shall not install or maintain
newspaper racks, video games, juke boxes, gum machines, games, rides, vending machines, ATM’s or other
similar devices on the Premises.

     13.14       Franchisee shall notify Franchisor in writing within five (5) days of the commencement of
any action, suit, or proceeding, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award or decree of any
court, agency, or other government instrumentality, which may adversely affect the operation or financial
conditions of the Franchised Restaurant.

      13.15     Franchisee shall only use contractors to construct the Restaurant, or to retrofit Franchisee’s
existing Restaurant, which Franchisor has designated or approved.

       13.16       If Franchisee is an entity, Franchisee shall at all times remain active and in good standing
in its state of formation and, if different, the state in which the Restaurant is located.

     13.17       Franchisee must timely pay all amounts due to vendors and suppliers in connection with
the operation of the Franchised Restaurant. If Franchisee allows any amounts owed to vendors or suppliers
to become past due, it will constitute a breach under this Agreement.

      13.18         Upon the occurrence of a Crisis Management Event (as defined below):

               a. Franchisee shall immediately inform Franchisee’s Area Director and Franchisor’s
                  Operations Department by telephone or email (or as otherwise instructed in the Manual)
                  upon becoming aware of such Crisis Management Event.

               b. To the extent Franchisor deems appropriate, in its sole and absolute discretion, Franchisor
                  or its designee may control the manner in which the Crisis Management Event is handled
                  by the parties, including, without limitation, conducting all communication with the news
                  media and/or temporarily closing the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee acknowledges
                  that, in directing the management of any Crisis Management Event, Franchisor or its
                  designee may engage the services of attorneys, experts, doctors, testing laboratories, public
                  relations firms and those other professionals as it deems appropriate, and Franchisor may
                  require Franchisee to reimburse Franchisor for all such costs. Franchisee and Franchisee’s
                  employees shall cooperate fully with Franchisor or its designee in its efforts and activities
                  in this regard and shall be bound by all further Crisis Management Event procedures
                  developed by Franchisor. The indemnification obligations of the Franchisee as provided in
                  Section 21.3 shall apply to all losses and expenses that may result from the exercise by
                  Franchisor or its designee of the management rights granted in this Section.

                                                   20
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
