and special information of Franchisor and that money damages alone would be an insufficient remedy with
which to compensate Franchisor for any breach of the terms of Sections 6, 7, and 8 of this Agreement.

   9.     MODIFICATION OF THE SYSTEM

         Franchisor reserves the right to change or modify the System in its sole and absolute discretion by
adopting and using new or modified System Standards, trade names, trademarks, service marks,
copyrighted materials, or specifications or standards for menu items, products, services, building design,
equipment or new techniques and Franchisee shall accept, adopt and make any such mandatory changes at
the Restaurant, as if they were part of this Agreement at the time of its execution. Franchisee will make
such expenditures as such changes or modifications in the System as Franchisor may reasonably require,
utilizing a Franchisor-approved licensed contractor, provided the cost of capital improvements, new
equipment and remodeling does not exceed One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000.00) during the
term of this Agreement, and the cost of updates and upgrades of Franchisee’s point-of-sale system (“POS
System”) does not exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) during the term of this Agreement. Franchisee
shall not change, modify or alter the System in any way.

   10.    ADVERTISING

        Recognizing the value of advertising and the importance of the standardization of advertising and
promotion to further the goodwill and the public image of JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants, Franchisee agrees
as follows:

       10.1       Franchisee will submit to Franchisor or its designated agency, for its prior approval, all
promotional materials and advertising to be used by Franchisee, including, but not limited to, newspapers,
radio, television, and internet advertising, direct mail advertising, specialty and novelty items, signs, boxes,
napkins, bags and wrapping papers, as well as any advertisement for the sale of the Restaurant. If Franchisor
does not provide written approval of said advertising and promotional materials within fifteen (15) days after
receiving such materials, said materials shall be deemed disapproved. Failure by Franchisee to conform with
the provisions in this Agreement and subsequent non-action by Franchisor to require Franchisee to cure or
remedy this failure and default shall not be deemed a waiver of future or additional failures and defaults or
any other provision of this Agreement. The submission of advertising to Franchisor for approval shall not
affect Franchisee’s right to determine the prices at which Franchisee sells its products or services, except in
accordance with Section 14.1 below.

      10.2      Franchisee shall not advertise or use in advertising or any other form of promotion, the
trademarks of Franchisor without appropriate ® or ™ or copyright registration marks © where applicable.

      10.3       Franchisee shall pay Franchisor Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) for Franchisor’s use in
conducting a grand opening advertising program to promote the opening of the Franchised Restaurant;
provided, however, that in the event of a transfer as described in Section 19.2 of this Agreement, or in the
event of a Franchisor-approved relocation as described in Section 3.1 of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay
Franchisor Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) for Franchisor’s use in conducting such program. The payment
is due in full upon execution of this Agreement, and Franchisee shall pay via its automatic clearing house
(ACH) account as described in Section 11.2.

      10.4      Franchisee shall pay one percent (1.0%) of Franchisee’s Gross Receipts, as defined in Section
11.1, to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund, in addition to any payments and expenditures
required by Sections 10.5 and 10.6. Franchisee’s required payments to the Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund shall be made at the same time and in the same manner as, and in addition to, the
                                                   9
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
