                                ADDENDUM TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                   DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                                FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON

      1.      Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”), Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail.

         2.     Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the
franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor,
including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court
decisions that supersede the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your
relationship with the franchisor. Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.

         3.        Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation
involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in
the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or
mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In
addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

        4.       General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or related
agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except
when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the
parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In
addition, any such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise
is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).

         5.      Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the
franchise agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of
limitations period for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights
or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.

       6.       Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect our
reasonable estimate or actual costs in effecting a transfer.

        7.     Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement
under any grounds permitted under state law.

        8.        Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related
agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason during
the term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful pursuant to RCW
19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.

         9.     Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related
agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than a
fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).



A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
