Franchisee believes Franchisor’s action or decision is unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and
specifically requires that Franchisor acts reasonably or refrains from acting unreasonably in connection
with the particular action or decision.

   27.    APPLICABLE LAW, MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION

       27.1       This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by Franchisor in New Jersey.
The parties also anticipate that the performance of certain of Franchisee’s obligations arising under this
Agreement, including the payment of certain monies due Franchisor, will occur in Monmouth County, New
Jersey. Therefore, this Agreement and the rights of the parties shall be interpreted and construed under the
laws of New Jersey, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law, provided that, if the Restaurant
is located outside New Jersey, under no circumstances will the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act (N.J. Stats.
Ann. Sec. 56: 10-1 et seq.), or any other law regulating the offer or sale of franchises or governing the
relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee, apply to this Agreement or the parties’ relationship unless
the jurisdictional scope of such laws are independently met without reference to this Section. If any provision
of this Agreement would not be enforceable under the laws of New Jersey, the Franchisee’s Restaurant is
located outside of New Jersey, and the particular provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state
in which the Restaurant is located, then such provision shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of
that state. Nothing in this Section 27 is intended by the parties to subject this Agreement to any franchise or
similar law, rule, or regulation of the state of New Jersey to which it would not otherwise be subject.

       27.2       Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any claim or controversy arising out of or
related to this Agreement, or the making, performance, breach, or interpretation of this Agreement, except for
any actions brought with respect to: (i) ownership or use of the Marks; (ii) securing injunctive relief pursuant
to Section 27.6 of this Agreement; (iii) any covenant listed within Section 16 or conditions within Sections
17 or 18 of this Agreement; (iv) the right to indemnification or the manner in which it is exercised; shall first
be the subject of an informal meeting between the parties to resolve the dispute and then subject to non-binding
mediation. The parties agree to conduct the mediation in accordance with the then-current commercial
mediation procedures of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”), except to the extent the rules
conflict with this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control. However, the mediation need not
be administered by the AAA unless the parties cannot agree upon the selection of a mediator within thirty
(30) days of the receipt of the written notice of mediation. If the parties cannot reach agreement upon the
selection of a mediator, either party may commence a mediation proceeding by making a request for mediation
to the AAA regional office closest to Monmouth County, New Jersey, with a copy to the other party. The
written request for mediation shall describe with specificity the nature of the dispute and the relief sought.
Both parties are obligated to engage in the mediation.

         The mediation will be conducted by a single mediator with no past or present affiliation or conflict
with any party to the mediation. The parties agree that the mediator shall be disqualified as a witness, expert,
consultant or attorney in any pending or subsequent proceeding relating to the dispute which is the subject of
the mediation. In the event the parties cannot agree on a mediator and the AAA administers the mediation,
the AAA shall provide the parties with a list of mediators willing to serve. The parties will have ten (10) days
from receipt of the list from the AAA to agree upon a mediator from the list. If neither party advises the AAA
in writing of an agreement within ten (10) days of receipt of such list, the AAA shall appoint the mediator.

        The fees and expenses of the AAA (or other administrator), if applicable, and the mediator’s fee, shall
be shared equally among the parties. Each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in
connection with the mediation irrespective of the outcome of the mediation or the mediator’s evaluation of
each party’s case. The mediation shall occur within thirty (30) days after selection of the mediator.

                                                   40
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
