          Regardless of which party initiates the mediation, the parties agree to conduct the mediation at a
suitable location chosen by the mediator in Monmouth County, New Jersey. At least seven (7) days before
the first scheduled session of the mediation, each party shall deliver to the mediator a concise written summary
of its position with respect to the matters in dispute (such as claims or defenses) and such other matters
required by the mediator.

         Franchisee is prohibited from commencing any formal legal action against Franchisor or its Affiliates,
and (except as provided above in this Section 27.2) Franchisor is prohibited from commencing any formal
legal action against Franchisor or its Affiliates, with respect to any claim or dispute subject to mediation unless
mediation proceedings have been terminated either: (i) as the result of a written declaration of the mediator(s)
that further mediation efforts are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written declaration by Franchisor.
Franchisor reserves the right to specifically enforce its right to mediation. As noted above, mediation shall not
defer or suspend Franchisor’s exercise of any termination right under this Agreement.

      27.3      Franchisor and Franchisee agree that all controversies, disputes, or claims between
Franchisor and any of Franchisor’s Affiliates, and any of their respective shareholders, officers, directors,
agents, or employees, and Franchisee or its owners, guarantors, Affiliates or employees arising out of or
related to:

                  (A)     this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisee’s owners
          and Franchisor or its Affiliates;

                    (B)       Franchisor’s relationship with Franchisee;

                   (C)    the scope or validity of this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee
          or its owners and Franchisor or its Affiliates or any provision of any of such agreements (including
          the validity and scope of the arbitration obligation under this Section 27 which Franchisor and
          Franchisee acknowledge is to be determined by an arbitrator, not a court); or

                    (D)       any System Standard,

must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party (this includes all controversies, disputes,
or claims that are not resolved through mediation where mediation is a required first step in the dispute
resolution process, as described in Section 27.2 above). The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one
arbitrator, who shall be either a retired New Jersey state court judge or retired federal court judge, unless the
parties mutually agree otherwise. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the parties. If the
parties are unable to agree, the assignment judge of Monmouth County, New Jersey shall select the arbitrator.
In the event the assignment judge of Monmouth County, New Jersey is unable or unwilling to select the
arbitrator, the assignment judge of Ocean County, New Jersey shall select the arbitrator. Monmouth County,
New Jersey shall be the venue for the arbitration. All proceedings will be conducted at a suitable location
chosen by the arbitrator in Monmouth County, New Jersey. All matters relating to arbitration will be governed
by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.). The interim and final award of the arbitrator shall be
final and binding upon each party, and judgment upon the arbitrator’s awards may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

         The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her awards any relief which he or she deems
proper, including, without limitation, money damages, pre- and post-award interest, interim costs and
attorneys’ fees, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator may not declare any of
the trademarks owned by Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s Affiliates generic or otherwise invalid, or award
any punitive or exemplary damages to any party to the arbitration proceeding (Franchisor and Franchisee
                                                     41
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
