transaction and 3.74% of the sale of each such transaction to cover credit card, patent licensing, e-
commerce, sales tax software, and authentication fees. In addition, you may be required to pay Company
$0.2921 per third-party transaction to cover the costs associated with third party order integration, software
development and maintenance. These fees are subject to change.

        Under the Food and Labor Management Software Program, you will place your food, beverage,
paper products, snack items, and cleaning product orders with outside vendors through this program. You
will enter your employee work schedules on this program and the employees will log their actual hours
worked on the POS system, which will automatically send the information to the program. The costs of
this program are included in the monthly Software Licensing and Support Fees Package.

        You must participate in the Gift Card Program. Under this program, customers may purchase gift
cards at your Restaurant. The purchase of gift cards is not included in your gross receipts and is debited
weekly from your account via ACH; your account is credited as gift cards are redeemed for food and
beverage items. The Gift Card Program is maintained by Company’s designated third party vendor. You
must pay the costs of the plastic gift cards which are minimal. Company does not charge any fees relating
to the Gift Card Program but collects fees for the vendors.

          You must use Company’s designated credit card processing company, which may periodically
change.

         You must procure at your expense and maintain the following minimum insurance policies (except
as additional coverage and higher policy limits may reasonably be specified for all franchisees from time
to time by Company in the Manual or otherwise in writing) issued by an insurance company with an A.M.
Best rating of “A-“ or better:

                  a.      Commercial general liability insurance, including products liability, property
          damage, owned and non-owned automobile coverage and personal injury coverage with the
          following minimum limits: (i) Each Occurrence: $1,000,000; (ii) Damage to Rented Premises:
          $100,000 (each occurrence); (iii) Medical Expense (any one person): $5,000; (iv) Personal and
          Advertising Injury: $1,000,000; (v) General Aggregate: $2,000,000: and Products – Completed
          Operations Aggregate: $2,000,000.

                  b.      Property insurance covering fire, vandalism, theft, burglary and extended coverage
          insurance on a replacement value basis.

                 c.       Business interruption insurance providing payment to Company of lost royalties
          and advertising fund payments.

                 d.      Employment Practices Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of at least
          $500,000, including full prior acts coverage, third party coverage, and Fair Labor Standards Act
          (FLSA) coverage (FLSA coverage to have a sub-limit of $100,000).

                  e.     Workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance as well as such other
          insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which your Restaurant is located.

Approval of Alternative Suppliers

         If you propose to purchase or lease any equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs or decorating materials
not previously approved as meeting Company’s System Standards, you will furnish specifications,
photographs, drawings, information and samples as Company may require to determine whether the item
meets Company’s System Standards. Company will notify you within a reasonable time (which will
generally be within 30 days after Company receives all information and materials described above) whether
this item meets its System Standards. Company’s approval may be revoked at any time, on written notice.
                                                      23
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
