        D.      During the on-going operation of the Franchised Restaurant, Company (or its designee(s)
or Area Directors) will:

            1. Facilitate the opening of your Restaurant, Company will send one of its, or JMFS’s,
representatives to your Restaurant for a minimum of 3 calendar days (of 8 hours each) during the first month
of operation to assist you. (Franchise Agreement - Section 5.2)

           2. Review and approve or disapprove all promotional materials and advertising to be used by
you, including newspapers, radio and television advertising, direct mail advertising and specialty and
novelty items, containers and boxes. If Company does not approve, in writing, any advertising or
promotional item submitted to Company within fifteen days of receipt, the particular materials will be
considered disapproved. You may only use advertising and promotional items which Company has
previously approved for your use. (Franchise Agreement - Section 10.1)

            3. Following consultation with you, conduct a Grand Opening Advertising program for your
Restaurant, utilizing the $10,000 which you pay Company when you sign your Restaurant lease. Company
will have complete discretion to decide how and when Grand Opening Advertising expenditures will be
made. Components of the program may include direct mail advertising, newspaper advertising, radio
advertising, promotional events, promotions, public relations events, use of discount coupons or any other
activities Company determines will contribute to generating business at your Restaurant. (Franchise
Agreement - Section 10.3)

              4.    Administer the following advertising funds:

            Corporate Advertising and Development Fund (Franchise Agreement - Section 10.4). You are
required to pay Company 1% of your Gross Receipts to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund.
Company may change the amount of your payment to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund
upon 90 days’ written notice. However, your total required payments to the Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund, the National Media Fund, and the Cooperative Advertising Fund will not exceed 6%
of your Gross Receipts. Amounts in the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund may be reallocated
to the National Media Fund or the Cooperative Advertising Fund in Company’s sole and absolute
discretion. During 2024, the Corporate Advertising Fund was spent in the following way: (i) 66.3% on
production; (ii) 27.6% on administration; (iii) less than 1.0% on meetings; (iv) 2.6% on public relations;
and (v) 2.8% on media placement.

            National Media Fund (Franchise Agreement - Section 10.5). In addition to any payments and
expenditures to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund and the Cooperative Advertising Fund,
you are required to pay 4% of your Gross Receipts to the National Media Fund. Upon 90 days written
notice, Company may change the amount of your payment to the National Media Fund. However, your
total required payment to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund, the National Media Fund, and
the Cooperative Advertising Fund will not exceed 6% of your Gross Receipts. The National Media Fund is
used to pay for the costs of placing advertisements, including, but not limited to, print, radio, television,
billboards, or Internet, with national messaging throughout the various Advertising Coverage Areas that
Company serves. Amounts in the National Media Fund may be reallocated to the Corporate Advertising
and Development Fund or the Cooperative Advertising Fund in Company’s sole and absolute discretion.
During 2024, the National Media Fund was spent in the following way: (i) 96.3% on media placement; (ii)
3.7% on production; (iii) less than 0.1% on public relations; and (iii) less than 0.1% on administration.

           Cooperative Advertising Fund (Franchise Agreement - Section 10.6). You are currently not
required to contribute to the Cooperative Advertising Fund for cooperative advertising and promotional
programs in your Advertising Coverage Area because the Cooperative Advertising Fund is currently
inactive and does not conduct cooperative advertising and promotional programs in any Advertising
Coverage Area, but it may do so in the future. Upon 90 days’ written notice, Company may change the
amount of your contribution to the Cooperative Advertising Fund. However, your total required
                                                       29
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
