                    a. Proper utilization of procedures developed by a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant with
                       respect to services regarding the service and sale of sandwiches and other food and
                       menu items, and related items and materials as approved by Franchisor;

                    b. Additional products and services authorized for JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants;

                    c. Purchase of ingredients and other food and beverage items, materials and supplies;

                    d. The institution of proper administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, inventory control,
                       supervisory and general operating procedures for the effective operation of a JERSEY
                       MIKE’S Restaurant; and

                    e. Advertising and promotional programs.

       14.4      Franchisor, or Franchisor’s representatives, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, may visit the
Franchised Restaurant for the purpose of consultation, assistance, and guidance of Franchisee in all aspects
of the operation and management of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisor, or Franchisor’s representatives,
who attend the Franchised Restaurant may prepare, for the benefit of both Franchisor and Franchisee,
written reports in respect to such visits outlining any suggested changes or improvements in the operations
of the Franchised Restaurant and detailing any defaults in such operations which become evident as a result
of any such visit.

      14.5     An initial list of specifications, approved manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, approved
merchandise, products, materials and training and the Manual shall be provided by Franchisor to Franchisee
during Franchisor’s initial training program.

   15.    INSURANCE

       15.1       Franchisee shall procure at its expense and maintain in full force and effect during the term
of this Agreement, an insurance policy or policies protecting Franchisee, Franchisor, and Franchisor’s
Affiliate, Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC (“JMFS”), and their respective partners, members,
officers, directors, employees and representatives, against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, or
property damage or expense whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connection with the Franchised
Restaurant, as Franchisor may reasonably require for its own and Franchisee’s protection. Franchisor and
JMFS shall each be named an additional insured in such policy or policies using the following language:
“For Store #_______, Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC and A Sub Above, LLC are named as
additional insureds for general liability purposes and 30-day notice of cancellation applies.” Franchisee
shall list “Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC, 2251 Landmark Place, Manasquan, New Jersey 08736”
as certificate holder. Said policies shall be secured by Franchisee before the date on which Franchisee takes
possession and commences development of the Premises from which it will operate the Franchised
Restaurant (except that, if Franchisee’s employees begin training prior to such date, workers’ compensation
and employer’s liability insurance must be in place prior to the date such employees begin training). If
Franchisee or an owner of Franchisee will participate in training, such individual must be covered by a
workers’ compensation policy and may not be excluded from such policy.

      15.2       Such policy or policies shall be issued by an insurance company with an A.M. Best rating
of “A-” or better and satisfactory to Franchisor in accordance with the System Standards or otherwise in
writing, and shall include, at a minimum (except as additional coverage and higher policy limits may
reasonably be specified for all franchisees from time to time by Franchisor in the Manual or otherwise in
writing) the following:
                                                  22
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
