                         equivalent or proportionate to its payment, or to ensure that any particular franchisee
                         benefits directly or pro rata from the placement of advertising.

                    b. Although Franchisor intends the National Media Fund to be of perpetual duration,
                       Franchisor maintains the right to terminate the National Media Fund. The National
                       Media Fund shall not be terminated, however, until all monies in the National Media
                       Fund have been expended for advertising and promotional purposes.

                    c. Franchisor shall cause each of its Affiliate-owned JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants,
                       including Restaurants owned or controlled by directors and officers of Franchisor, to
                       make payments to the National Media Fund which are equivalent to the payments
                       required of Franchised Restaurants based upon the date on which each Affiliate-owned
                       Restaurant opened for business.

                    d. Franchisor may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, waive payments to the National
                       Media Fund, in whole or in part, for locations with limited access Restaurants, including,
                       but not limited to, resorts, stadiums, hospitals, airports, casinos, college campuses and
                       highway rest stops and waive their participation in such programs. In its sole discretion,
                       Franchisor may reduce or forgive amounts owed to the National Media Fund by
                       Franchisees. Moreover, if Franchisor is persuaded that a franchisee is unable to timely
                       pay amounts owed to the National Media Fund, with or without resorting to litigation,
                       Franchisor may compromise amounts owed and, in its discretion, direct amounts
                       received from such franchisees to its Continuing Royalty Fee account, rather than to the
                       National Media Fund.

                    e. An accounting summary of the operations of the National Media Fund shall be prepared
                       annually and shall be made available to Franchisee upon written request. Franchisor
                       reserves the right, at its sole option, to have an audit of the operation of the National
                       Media Fund prepared by an independent certified public accountant selected by
                       Franchisor and prepared at the expense of the National Media Fund.

      10.6       If required by Franchisor, Franchisee shall make contributions to the Cooperative
Advertising Fund for cooperative advertising and promotional programs in Franchisee’s Advertising
Coverage Area (as indicated on the Summary Pages), in addition to any payments and expenditures required
by Sections 10.4. and 10.5. If required, Franchisee’s payments to the Cooperative Advertising Fund shall be
made at the same time and in the same manner as, and in addition to, the Continuing Royalty Fee provided in
Section 11. Upon ninety (90) days’ written notice, Franchisor may change the amount of Franchisee’s
contribution to the Cooperative Advertising Fund, provided, however, that in no event shall Franchisee’s
payments to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund, National Media Fund, and Cooperative
Advertising Fund exceed six percent (6%) of Franchisee’s Gross Receipts. Franchisor may reallocate funds
in the Cooperative Advertising Fund to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund or the National
Media Fund in its sole and absolute discretion.

         The Cooperative Advertising Fund is currently inactive, but if Franchisor chooses to reactivate it
in the future, it shall be maintained and administered by Franchisor or its designee, as follows:

                    a. Franchisor shall designate Franchisee’s Advertising Coverage Area on the Summary
                       Pages. Franchisor shall establish all cooperative advertising programs which may
                       include from one (1) franchisee in a particular Advertising Coverage Area to ten (10) or
                       more franchisees. If franchisees assigned to a cooperative do not timely agree upon the
                                                    12
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
