additional HVAC, hood exhaust systems, or grease interceptors/traps are required or if you buildout a
freestanding building.
          5 Equipment/Furniture/Small Wares.     The equipment, furniture, and small wares necessary for the
operation of a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant are listed in the Manual, and include items such as refrigerators,
freezers, meat cases, slicers, grills, ovens, hoods, sinks, small wares, tables, and chairs. You may purchase
or lease approved brands and models only from suppliers which Company designates or approves.
Company affiliates may be designated or approved suppliers of certain items. The cost of these items will
depend on financing terms available, the size of the Restaurant, brands purchased and other factors.
          6 Initial Inventory.
                             Your initial inventory may be purchased from any supplier Company approves
or designates in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, this Disclosure Document, and the Manual.
Initial inventory includes food and beverage products, paper and plastic products, containers, accessories,
merchandise and other products utilized in the operation of the Restaurant. The initial inventory
expenditure will vary according to anticipated sales volume and current market prices for supplies.
          7 Insurance.You must procure and maintain the required insurance coverage as required by
Company in the Manual. The cost of insurance will vary based on types and limits of insurance purchased,
location of the Premises, payment terms available and other related factors. Such policies must be issued
by an insurance company with an A.M. Best rating of “A-” or better and satisfactory to Company in
accordance with the System Standards.

        You must maintain the following insurance coverage, protecting you, Company and JMFS, and
Company’s and JMFS’s respective officers, directors, partners and employees, naming Company and JMFS
each as an additional insured:

                  a.     Commercial general liability insurance, including products liability, property
          damage, owned and non-owned automobile coverage and personal injury coverage with the
          following minimum limits:

                    (i)       Each Occurrence: $1,000,000

                    (ii)      Damage to Rented Premises: $100,000 (each occurrence)

                    (iii)     Medical Expense (any one person): $5,000

                    (iv)      Personal and Advertising Injury: $1,000,000

                    (v)       General Aggregate: $2,000,000

                    (iv)      Products – Completed Operations Aggregate: $2,000,000

                  b.      Property insurance covering fire, vandalism, theft, burglary and extended coverage
          insurance on a replacement value basis.

                   c.     Business interruption insurance which provides for payment to Company of
          royalties and advertising payments lost during the business interruption.

                 d.      Employment Practices Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of at least
          $500,000, including full prior acts coverage, third party coverage, and Fair Labor Standards Act
          (FLSA) coverage (FLSA coverage to have a sub-limit of $100,000).

                   e.      Workers’ Compensation, employer’s liability, and other insurance required by
          statute or regulation in your state. You must obtain workers’ compensation insurance regardless of
                                                        19
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
