restaurants. Product revenue represents products sold through Jersey Shore Construction, LLC.
Revenue is recognized at the time the products are sold in accordance with ASC 606.

Gift Cards—The Company sells gift cards through a variety of channels in both physical and virtual
forms, including at our company owned locations, the majority of franchised locations, online, our
mobile application, and through various third-party retailers although they cannot be reloaded at these
third-party retailers. These gift cards do not have an expiration date, and no service fees are charged on
them. The initial sale of a gift card is recorded as a liability and recognized as revenue upon redemption
at the store level for both corporate and franchised locations. In the event a gift card is not expected to
be redeemed, breakage income is recognized based on historical redemption patterns, including the
timing and channel in which the card was purchased or reloaded, and in accordance with government
agencies under unclaimed property laws, if applicable. Breakage income is recorded in continual service
fees and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December
31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 the Company recognized $1,279,647, $0, and $0, respectively.

Franchise Fees

Single-Unit Franchise Agreements—Single-unit franchise agreements provide for payment of an initial
franchise fee, which is payable in full at the time of execution of the franchise agreement and is
nonrefundable. The Company’s material obligations under the terms of all single-unit franchise
agreements are assisting in the site selection and construction supervision, marketing assistance in the
grand opening of the restaurant, and preopening training of the franchisee.

Multiple-Unit Franchise Agreements—Multiple-unit franchise agreements provide for payment of an
area development fee by the franchisee. This amount is determined by the number of units the
franchisee is to open. The fee is nonrefundable and is payable in full at the time of the execution of the
area development agreement. The Company assists the franchisee in the site selection and provides
training, as needed.

Area Development and Service Agreements—The Company utilizes subcontractors under agreements
known as area development and service agreements. These agreements entitle the subcontractor to an
agreed-upon fee in return for developing and servicing the franchisees in the assigned area.

The core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The Company has determined
that up-front franchise fees do contain distinct performance obligations and those fees are recognized
as revenue over the term of each franchise and/or area development agreement. The portions of the
up-front franchise fees that have not been recognized as revenue are considered contract liabilities and
are recorded as unearned franchise fees.

Franchised and Corporate Locations—The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2024, was
3,002, with 992 additional units under contract.

The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2023, was 2,686, with 1,275 additional units
under contract.

The number of restaurants opened as of December 31, 2022, was 2,400 with 1,153 additional units
under contract.




                                                - 12 -
