                                 AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                      FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                 FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

        THIS AMENDMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into by and between A Sub
Above, LLC (“Franchisor”) and                                        (“Franchisee” or “You”). Franchisor
and Franchisee are parties that certain Franchise Agreement dated                          , 20    (the
“Franchise Agreement”). This Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement. This
Amendment is being signed because (a) You are a resident of North Dakota and the Franchised Restaurant
that You will operate under the Franchise Agreement will be located or operated in North Dakota, and/or
(b) any of the offering or sales activity relating to the Franchise Agreement occurred in North Dakota.

         NORTH DAKOTA LAW MODIFICATIONS

        1.      The North Dakota Securities Commissioner requires that certain provisions contained in
franchise documents be amended to be consistent with North Dakota law, including the North Dakota
Franchise Investment Law, North Dakota Century Code Annotated Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-19-01
through 51-19-17 (1993). To the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are
inconsistent with the provisions of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall govern the
inconsistency.

         2.        The following is added as Section 27.9 to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law (unless pre-empted by federal
                   law), any arbitration shall be held at a site to which the parties mutually agree.”

         3.        The following is added as Section 27.10 to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and subject to the arbitration
                   obligations, Franchisee may bring an action in North Dakota for claims arising
                   under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.”

         4.        The following is added as Section 27.11 to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except to the extent
                   governed by United States federal law, and except as otherwise required by North
                   Dakota law, this Agreement, the Franchise, and all claims arising from the
                   relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee will be governed by the laws of
                   the State of New Jersey, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that (1)
                   any law regulating the sale of franchises or governing the relationship of
                   Franchisor and Franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are
                   met independently without reference to this Section; and (2) the enforceability of
                   those provisions of this Agreement which relate to restrictions on Franchisee’s
                   competitive activities will be governed by the laws of the state in which the
                   Restaurant is situated.”

        5.        The second paragraph of Section 27.8 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety.

        6.        The following is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement:
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
