contribution to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund, the National Media Fund, and the
Cooperative Advertising Fund will not exceed 6% of your Gross Receipts. Company will designate your
Advertising Coverage Area on the Summary Pages. If Company chooses to reactivate the Cooperative
Advertising Fund in the future, Company will establish all cooperative advertising programs which may
include from one franchisee in a particular Advertising Coverage Area to 10 or more franchisees. If
franchisees assigned to a cooperative do not timely agree upon the required expenditures of a cooperative
advertising and promotional program, Company has the right to determine the form and amount of the
expenditures to be made through such cooperative advertising and promotional program. Company may
charge a fee to the cooperative for the services which it provides to the Cooperative Advertising Fund.
Amounts in the Cooperative Advertising Fund may be reallocated to the Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund or the National Media Fund in Company’s sole and absolute discretion.

             You are required to make these payments to all these Funds at the same time and manner as the
Continuing Royalty Fee. Although Company intends that all funds will be of perpetual duration, Company
retains the right to terminate one or more of the funds after all monies in such funds have been spent for the
purposes of that fund. No amount of the Funds will be spent for advertising that is principally to solicit the
sale of franchises.

             Company will cause each of its Company or affiliate-owned JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants to
make payments to each of the funds which are equivalent to the payments required of Franchised
Restaurants based upon the date on which each Company or affiliate-owned Restaurant opened for business.
Company may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, waive payments to any of the funds, in whole or in
part, for locations with limited access Restaurants, including, but not limited to, resorts, stadiums, hospitals,
airports, casinos, college campuses and highway rest stops and waive their participation in such programs.
Company may also reduce or forgive amounts owed to one or more of the funds, and may, if Company is
persuaded that a franchisee is unable to timely pay amounts owed to one or more of the funds, with or
without resorting to litigation, compromise amounts owed and, in its discretion, direct amounts received
from such franchisees to its Continuing Royalty Fee account, rather than to the applicable fund.

            Company has the right to direct all advertising programs including the Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund, the National Media Fund and the Cooperative Advertising Funds with sole discretion
over the creative concepts, materials and media used in such programs and the placement and allocation, with
the purpose of such funds to maximize general public recognition and acceptance of Company Marks for the
benefit of the System and Company has no obligation in administering any funds to make expenditures for
you or proportionate to your payments and contributions. Company is also not required to spend any amount
on advertising in the area or territory where you are located.

            You agree that the funds may be used to meet any and all costs of maintaining, administering,
directing and preparing advertising including, without limitation, the cost of preparing television, radio,
magazine and newspaper advertising campaigns and other public relations and promotional activities (both
local and national in content), including cause marketing initiatives; employing advertising agencies to
assist the Funds; paying the cost of salaries, benefits and overhead expenses of Company’s employees and
independent contractors who provide services which are related to the applicable fund or to the planning
and execution of promotional, advertising and public relation activities; paying the cost of meetings of
franchisee groups which advise Company on advertising and promotional issues; funding cost of any
customer comment card and/or secret shopper program (either internally or externally administered); and
providing promotional brochures, in store franchise sales materials and other related marketing materials
to franchisees in the System. The funds may be used for such reasonable administrative costs and overhead,
if any, as Company may incur in activities reasonably related to the administration or direction of the
applicable fund and advertising programs including, without limitation, conducting marketing research,
preparing marketing and advertising materials, and collecting and accounting for assessments for the
applicable fund. The funds may be used to purchase products and services from Company’s affiliates,
regardless of whether they profit from such transactions. The funds also may be used to pay costs of

                                                       30
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
