         2.2      Developer shall submit a separate application for each Restaurant to be established within
the Designated Territory by Developer or its Affiliates. Upon execution of a premises lease for, or a binding
contract for the purchase of, each approved Restaurant site (each, a “Premises”), a separate Franchise
Agreement for such Restaurant shall also be signed by Developer or its Affiliate, at which time the initial
franchise fee due under the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant is simultaneously due and owing. Upon
the execution of each Franchise Agreement, the terms and conditions of such Franchise Agreement shall
control the establishment and operation of such Restaurant (except that the required opening deadline is
governed exclusively by the Development Schedule in the Summary Pages).
     3. DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE; MANNER OF EXERCISING OPTIONS
          3.1    Developer must sign leases (and Franchise Agreements) for approved Restaurant sites, and
 then open such Restaurant(s), by the dates described in the Development Schedule (and Developer must
 pay Franchisor the required Initial Franchise Fee when it signs each Franchise Agreement). Developer shall
 at all times maintain in operation consistent with each Franchise Agreement at least the number of
 Restaurant(s) required under the Development Schedule; provided, however, that such obligation does not
 apply to businesses that are transferred in accordance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement.
 Every provision of the lease for the proposed Restaurant site shall be consistent with Franchisor’s
 mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules prescribed by Franchisor for the
 System, as such specifications, standards, procedures and rules may be amended from time to time.
          3.2       Developer shall exercise its rights granted by this Agreement only as follows:
                  (a)      Developer must submit a description of a proposed site to Franchisor, together with
 a letter of intent or other evidence satisfactory to Franchisor which confirms Developer’s favorable
 prospects for obtaining the proposed site. Franchisor must approve or disapprove of such location in writing.
 If Franchisor does not provide written notice of its approval or disapproval of the proposed site within
 fifteen (15) business days, then such request shall be deemed disapproved. The location of each Restaurant
 shall not be inconsistent with any of Franchisor’s mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures
 and rules prescribed from time to time by Franchisor for the franchise system. Developer must work with
 a real estate broker approved by Franchisor in connection with securing the site for each Restaurant.
 Developer acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible to undertake site selection activities and
 otherwise secure the Premises following approval by Franchisor of the lease or purchasing contract.
                  (b)    Upon receiving Franchisor’s written approval of the location of the Restaurant,
 Developer must obtain Franchisor’s acceptance of the lease or contract to purchase the approved Premises.
 Developer must give Franchisor written notice of Developer’s intention to execute a lease and Franchise
 Agreement for a new Restaurant at an approved site at least thirty (30) days before the anticipated date of
 execution of the Lease and Franchise Agreement. If Developer executes a premises lease for the accepted
 Premises, the lease must include a lease rider in the form provided by Franchisor.
                    (c)    Franchisor shall counter-sign the Franchise Agreement only if Developer and its
 Affiliates are in compliance with all requirements and obligations of this Agreement and all other agreements
 between Franchisor and Developer and its Affiliates, including their respective obligations under all Franchise
 Agreements with Franchisor.
                   (d)      Upon receiving Franchisor’s request, Developer and its Principals shall furnish to
 Franchisor financial statements (historical and pro forma), statements of the sources and uses of capital funds,
 budgets and other information about Developer, its Principals and each of Developer’s Affiliates which are,
 or may be, involved in the development, ownership or operation of any Restaurant(s). All such information
 shall be verified in writing by Developer and its Principals as being true, complete and accurate in all respects.
                 (e)     Developer’s right to execute each Franchise Agreement shall depend upon
 Developer satisfying all of Franchisor’s operational, financial, legal and ownership conditions for new
 franchisees. To meet the Development Schedule, each Restaurant shall be opened on or before, and remain
                                                         3
 A Sub Above, LLC
 Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
 1264.005.010 / 441124
