       A SUB ABOVE IS OUR PROMISE                            6992010               February 28, 2023

        Company has timely filed all renewals and affidavits of continuing use and incontestability. You
are authorized to use the logos set out above in the operation of your Restaurant.

         There is currently no effective material determination of the USPTO, trademark trial and appeal
board, the trademark administrator of this state or any court; pending infringement, opposition or cancellation;
or pending material litigation involving the principal trademarks.

        There are no infringing uses actually known to Company, or its affiliates, that could materially affect
your use of these trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or other commercial symbols in this state
or any other state.

        Company is under no obligation, under the Franchise Agreement or other agreement, to defend your
use of the Marks or to indemnify you for damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial
proceeding involving the Marks.

         Company may, in its sole discretion, change or modify the System presently identified by the Mark
“JERSEY MIKE’S” including the adoption and use of new or modified trade names, service marks,
trademarks or copyrighted materials, new computer programs and systems, new types or brands of food or
products, new menu items, new equipment or new techniques. You will, at your expense, accept, use and
display any changes in the System as if they were part of the Franchise Agreement at the time of its execution.

        All usage of the marks by you and any goodwill established from their use will exclusively benefit
Company. You are prohibited from contesting the validity or ownership of any marks or assisting any other
person in contesting the validity or ownership of any marks during the term of the Franchise Agreement or at
any time after the Franchise Agreement expires or is terminated.

         You will promptly notify Company of any claim, demand or cause of action based upon or from any
attempt by any other person, firm or corporation to use the marks or any colorable imitation of the Marks.
You also must notify Company of any action, claim or demand against you regarding the Marks, and
Company will have the sole right and duty to defend this action. Company will have the exclusive right to
contest or bring action against any third party regarding the third party’s use of any of the marks and will
exercise this right in its sole discretion. You must execute any instruments and documents, render such
assistance, and do such acts or things as may in Company’s opinion, reasonably be necessary or advisable to
protect and maintain Company’s interests in any litigation or other proceeding or to otherwise protect and
maintain Company’s interests in the Marks or components of the System.

        You may not use any of the Marks as part of any corporate or trade name, in any modified form or
with the sale of any unauthorized product or service. You may not use any of the trademarks on any Online
Presence, other than on your page on Company’s website or on any other official page or site that Company
may develop for the use of franchisees. You may not use any of Company’s Marks, or any words, symbols
or terms confusingly similar to them as part of any Online Presence. You may not link or frame Company’s
website or any other Online Presence to any other Online Presence or authorize any third party to link to or
frame the website or any other Online Presence without Company’s express prior written consent. You
must comply within a reasonable time if Company notifies you that the use of any Mark be discontinued or
modified.

         You must maintain your signs, lettering and advertising materials in good condition and repair at
all time. You must display the Mark “JERSEY MIKE’S” according to the System Standards required in
the Manual, subject only to provisions of applicable law.



                                                       46
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
