          12 Transfer Fee.
                         Upon sale or other alienation of the franchise by you, you must pay to Company
a non-refundable transfer fee equal to $15,000 in lieu of payment of any franchise fee or other charge. The
transfer fee is for administrative costs, overhead, legal fees, accounting and other Company expenses
associated with the transfer. Company requires the purchaser of the unit and two other designees to
complete Company’s then-current training program.
          13 Replacement Training. There is no fee for the initial Phase 1, 2, and 3 training required by

Company before the opening of your Restaurant (although you are responsible for all expenses of such
training, such as travel costs). However, if a replacement is required to be trained (even before your
Restaurant opens), you will be responsible for paying Company’s then-applicable rate for training a
replacement. Such payment must be made in advance of training. The applicable rate, which is subject to
change, is currently $2,500 for Phases 1 and 3 (360 hours) and may be adjusted pro rata if a different number
of training hours is required.
          14 Additional Assistance. If Company determines that you require additional on-site assistance
during the initial opening of your Restaurant, or at any other time during the term of the Franchise
Agreement, you will pay Company the then-current rates published in the Manual and reimburse Company
for its expenses for providing such assistance.
          15 Continuing Education.  Company occasionally may provide refresher training programs or
seminars to be conducted at Company’s headquarters or at other locations that may be designated. You
will bear the expense of attending these refresher training courses. Attendance will not be required more
than twice during any calendar year and will not exceed a total of 4 days in duration, excluding travel time.
          16 Maintenance. You must effect reasonable maintenance of the Premises to ensure that the image
of a Restaurant is consistent with Company’s System Standards (as defined in Item 8). Maintenance
includes a procedure for replacement of worn out or obsolete fixtures and signs, repair of the exterior and
interior of the Restaurant and redecorating. If you fail to effect this maintenance and to maintain your
Premises as required, and fail to take corrective action within 30 days of notice of this failure, Company
has the right in addition to its rights to declare the Franchise Agreement in default, without obligation to
enter upon the Premises to effect the necessary repairs, painting, decorating or replacements of equipment,
signage or fixtures on your behalf. You must pay the entire cost of this maintenance to Company upon
demand.
          17 Cost of Enforcement or Defense.    If either party to the Franchise Agreement must employ legal
counsel or incur other expenses to enforce any obligation of the other party or to defend against any claim,
demand, action or proceeding due to the other party’s failure to perform any obligation imposed upon it,
and if the settlement of the legal action establishes the other party’s default under the Franchise Agreement,
the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the losing party attorneys’ fees and other expenses
incurred in enforcing the obligation or in defending against the claim, demand, action or proceeding.
          18 Relocation Fee.  Company may charge you for any costs incurred by Company, plus a fee of
$5,000 for its services, in any relocation of the Franchised Restaurant.
          19 Bookkeeping/Accounting Fee.If you are a participant in the Coach Rod Smith Program, you
may be required to use Company’s in-house bookkeeping and accounting services, in which case you will
be required to pay Company’s then-current rate for those services. The rate is currently estimated to be
$150 per week and is subject to change.
          20 Indemnification. You are not Company’s agent, and therefore, you must indemnify and hold

Company, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, employees, agents,
successors and assigns harmless against any claims arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of or with
your operation of the JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant, as well as all costs incurred by Company
in enforcing the indemnification provision.
                                                      16
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
