performed by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the assets to
the assets’ carrying value to determine if a write-down to market value or discounted cash flow value
would be required. The Company has determined that no triggering events were identified during the
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, that would indicate potential impairment of any
asset.
Leases—In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 842, Leases, the Company
determines how the lease should be recorded at its inception. The Company considers leases with an
initial term of 12 months or less to be short-term leases. Right-of-use (ROU) assets represent the
Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the
Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities
are recognized based upon the present value of the future minimum lease payments. The incremental
borrowing rate used to calculate the present value was determined by averaging the Company’s most
recent debt transactions. Leases may also contain options to extend the term; these lease obligations
are recognized upon execution of the option. Occasionally, leases contain a provision that calls for
additional rent payments based upon sales volume, if applicable, this contingent rent will be expensed
as incurred and is recognized as variable lease cost when the obligation for that payment is incurred.
The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material
restrictive covenants. Fixed costs, such as base rent and minimum fixed common area maintenance
(CAM) charges, are included in the consideration. In addition, any variable or indirect costs, such as
CAM, taxes, insurance, and incremental rent, due to change in Consumer Price Index or other similar
indexes are excluded from the consideration.
Foreign Currency—The functional currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiary is the Canadian dollar.
The Company translated its foreign subsidiary’s consolidated financial statements into the US dollar
based on published foreign exchange rates. Changes in the carrying values of these assets and
liabilities, attribute to fluctuations in spot rates as the dates are recognized in foreign currency
translation adjustments, which are included as a component of other comprehensive income. The
revenues and expenses of the foreign subsidiary are translated, using published monthly average
exchange rate during the year. Foreign currency transactions and balances related to nonmonetary
assets and liabilities are remeasured to the functional currency of the subsidiary at the historical
exchange rates, while monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured to the functional currency of the
subsidiary at historical exchange rates. Foreign currency exchange gains their losses from
remeasurements are included in other—net of consolidated statements of operations in the period
which they occur.
Revenue Recognition—Continual Service Fees and Other Income
Continual Service and Royalty Fees—The franchise agreements provide for payment of a weekly
continuing service and royalty fee based on gross sales as defined by the Franchisor and reported by
franchisee on a Company-required point-of-sale system. In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, continuing service and royalty fees are
recorded as revenue when earned.
Brand Dollar Payment Arrangements—The Company participates in various brand dollar payment
arrangements. The revenue is recognized based upon franchise usage of products over the life of the
agreement. In accordance with ASC 606, brand dollar payment arrangements are recorded as revenue
when earned.
Company-Owned Restaurant and Product Revenue—Company-owned restaurants revenue represents
sales of food products of the Company-owned and operated Jersey Mike’s submarine sandwich


                                              - 11 -
