sufficient specifications photographs, drawings and/or other information and samples to determine whether
such item of equipment or furniture or such fixture, sign or decorating materials meeting the System
Standards. Franchisor shall advise Franchisee within a reasonable time whether such item of equipment or
furniture or such fixture, sign or decorating materials meets the System Standards.

   5.     TRAINING

        5.1       Franchisor shall make initial training available to (1) Franchisee’s Controlling Principal or
designated manager (“Trainee 1”), assistant manager (“Trainee 2”), and shift supervisor (“Trainee 3”).
Franchisee’s Controlling Principal, Franchisee’s designated manager, assistant manager, and/or shift
supervisor shall attend and successfully complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, prior to opening for business,
Franchisor’s then current initial training course which consists of three phases. If Franchisee is opening its
first Franchised Restaurant, the training requirements are as follows: (1) three individuals (Trainees 1, 2,
and 3) must complete Phase 1, (2) Trainee 1 must complete Phase 2, and (3) two individuals (Trainees 1
and 2) must complete Phase 3. Additionally, Trainee 1 and 2 must attend and participate in the grand
opening of another JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant, to be selected by Franchisor and Franchisee’s Area
Director, prior to the opening of the Franchised Restaurant. If Franchisee operates at least one existing
Franchised Restaurant and is opening an additional Franchised Restaurant pursuant to this Agreement, the
training requirements are as follows: (1) three individuals must complete Phase 1 (Trainees 1, 2 and 3), (2)
one individual must complete Phase 2 (Trainee 1 or 2), and (3) two individuals (Trainees 1 and 2) must
complete Phase 3. Franchisor reserves the right to substantially modify the terms of its training program at
any time and, in its sole discretion, to reduce or increase training requirements based on Franchisee’s
experience level and other relevant circumstances. Participation in the Franchisor’s training program is
conditioned upon the trainee’s ability to competently read and write English. The initial training program
shall cover both classroom and hands-on in-store training in the material aspects of the operation of a
JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant; provided, however, Franchisor reserves the right to conduct the initial
training program through a virtual platform at its sole designation. All expenses incurred by Franchisee
and its employees in attending such program, including without limitation, travel, room and board expenses,
shall be the sole responsibility of Franchisee.

       5.2        For a minimum of three (3) eight (8)-hour calendar days during the first month of operation
of Franchisee’s Franchised Restaurant, Franchisor will furnish to Franchisee, at the Premises and at
Franchisor’s expense, one of Franchisor’s representatives for the purpose of facilitating the opening of the
Restaurant and assisting in the training of Franchisee’s personnel. If Franchisor determines, in its sole
discretion, that Franchisee requires additional on-site assistance during the initial opening of the Franchised
Restaurant, or at any other time during the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor the then
applicable hourly fee for such services and reimburse Franchisor for the expense of Franchisor providing
such additional assistance at the rates specified in the Manual (as defined in Section 7.1). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Franchisor will not be required to send any of its representatives to the Franchised Restaurant
to provide any assistance or services if, in Franchisor’s sole determination, it is unsafe to do so. Such
determination by Franchisor will not relieve Franchisee from its obligations under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, to pay monies owed) and will not serve as a basis for Franchisee’s
termination of this Agreement.

      5.3       Each of Franchisee’s employees shall complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, a training
program as prescribed in the Manual.

       5.4       If Franchisor determines in its sole discretion that Franchisee, Franchisee’s Controlling
Principal or Franchisee’s designated manager is unable to satisfactorily complete the training program,
Franchisor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in the manner provided by this Agreement, and
                                                  5
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
