         All Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, amounts due for purchases by you from
Company and other amounts which you owe to Company will be paid through an automatic clearing house
(ACH) as described in the Manual (as defined in Item 11). Before or at the same time you acquire an
interest in the real property on which you will operate your Restaurant, you must establish an automatic
clearing house (ACH) account and Company will have access to this account for the purpose of receiving
payment for Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions, amounts due for purchases by you from
Company, the Grand Opening Advertising Fee described in Note 2, and any other amounts which you owe
to Company. You must make deposits to the account sufficient to cover amounts owed to Company for
withdrawal on a weekly basis for Continuing Royalty Fees, advertising contributions and other funds owed
to Company for the preceding week. The frequency of such payments may be changed by Company at any
time (for example, from weekly to semi-weekly or daily payments). Deposits for all other amounts owed
to Company must be in accordance with the procedures in the Manual. Company may waive payment of
fees in special circumstances.
          2 Grand Opening Advertising.  You must pay Company a non-refundable $10,000 ($5,000 if you
are purchasing an existing Restaurant or relocating your existing Restaurant with Company approval), all
of which will be used to conduct a Grand Opening Advertising program for your Restaurant. The fee is
due when you sign a Franchise Agreement or upon closing of a Company-approved transfer and must be
paid via your automatic clearing house (ACH) account as described above. Company will consult with you
about the program, which is described in Item 11, but Company retains full discretion over expenditures
made and the content of the program.
          3 Corporate Advertising and Development Fund.  You must pay 1.0% of your Gross Receipts from
your Restaurant to the JERSEY MIKE’S Corporate Advertising and Development Fund. These payments
will be made at the same time and in the same manner as the Continuing Royalty Fees. This advertising
fee is uniform to all franchises granted using this Disclosure Document and is non-refundable. Your
payment rate may be increased to as much as 6% of Gross Receipts of each Franchised Restaurant upon 90
days’ notice. However, your total required payments to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund,
the National Media Fund, and the Cooperative Advertising Fund, per Franchised Restaurant, will not exceed
6% of Gross Receipts. Company may reallocate amounts in the Corporate Advertising and Development
Fund to the National Media Fund or the Cooperative Advertising Fund in Company’s sole and absolute
discretion.
          4 Cooperative Advertising Fund.  You are currently not required to contribute to the Cooperative
Advertising Fund, but Company may require you to do so in the future. These contributions, if required,
will be made at the same time and in the same manner as the Continuing Royalty Fees. This advertising fee
is uniform to all franchises granted using this Disclosure Document and is non-refundable. Your
contribution rate may be increased to as much as 6% of Gross Receipts of each Franchised Restaurant upon
90 days’ notice. However, your total required contribution to the Corporate Advertising and Development
Fund, the National Media Fund, and the Cooperative Advertising Fund, per Franchised Restaurant, will
not exceed 6% of Gross Receipts. Company may reallocate amounts in the Cooperative Advertising Fund
to the National Media Fund or the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund in Company’s sole and
absolute discretion.
          5 National Media Fund. You must pay 4.0% of the Gross Receipts from your Restaurant to the
National Media Fund. These payments will be made at the same time and in the same manner as the
Continuing Royalty Fees. This advertising fee is uniform to all franchises granted using this Disclosure
Document and is non-refundable. Your payment rate may be increased to as much as 6% of Gross Receipts
of each Franchised Restaurant upon 90 days’ notice. However, your total required payment to the Corporate
Advertising and Development Fund, the National Media Fund, and the Cooperative Advertising Fund will
not exceed 6% of Gross Receipts per Franchised Restaurant.
          6 Audit. Company or its designated agents have the right at all reasonable times to copy and inspect,

electronically or otherwise, your books, records and tax returns at Company’s expense. If you make sales
                                                       14
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
