such data and information with Franchisor’s third party vendors in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Upon
termination of this Agreement, Franchisor may immediately terminate Franchisee’s access to information
reported or stored in the POS System or related system.

       12.5        Franchisor and its designated agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine
and copy, electronically or otherwise, at its expense, Franchisee’s books, records and tax returns. If Franchisee
makes sales through any third-party vendors (for example, companies that facilitate online ordering, deliveries
or catering orders), Franchisor and its designated agents shall have the right to access all sales records and
other records of such vendor and may request and receive such records directly from the vendor without
Franchisee’s consent. Franchisor shall also have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of
Franchisee’s books, at Franchisor’s expense. If an inspection should reveal that any payments made to
Franchisor have been understated in any report to Franchisor, then Franchisee shall immediately pay to
Franchisor the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from the date such amount was due
until paid, at the maximum rate permitted by law. If an inspection discloses an understatement in any report
of two percent (2%) or more of the Gross Receipts as defined in Section 11.1(b), Franchisee shall, in addition,
reimburse Franchisor for any and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection (including, without
limitation, reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees). The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any
other remedies Franchisor may have.

       12.6        Franchisee acknowledges that nothing contained in this Agreement constitutes Franchisor’s
agreement to accept any payments after same are due or a commitment by Franchisor to extend credit to or
otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Further, Franchisee acknowledges
that its failure to pay all amounts when due shall constitute grounds for termination of this Agreement, as
provided by Section 17.

      12.7       Franchisee must, at all times, maintain sufficient working capital reserves as necessary and
appropriate to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. On Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must
provide Franchisor with evidence of working capital availability. Franchisor reserves the right, from time-to-
time, to establish certain levels of working capital reserves, and Franchisee will comply with such
requirements. Franchisor may from time-to-time designate the maximum amount of debt that Restaurants
may service, and Franchisee will ensure that Franchisee will comply with such limits. Franchisee further
agrees to apply for and diligently pursue any government-issued, government-sponsored, or governmental-
guaranteed grants, non-recourse loans, and/or bail-outs for which Franchisee qualifies and that are made
available to small businesses as an economic stimulus.




                                                  16
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
