               j.   The On-Line Ordering Program;

               k. The Gift Card Program;

               l.   The Customer Loyalty Program, with Text-Messaging and Email Club, and the policies for
                    the registration, use, content, and/or management of Online Presences or other technology
                    systems, solutions, or products;

               m. The Food and Labor Management Program;

               n. Use of third-party food aggregators and delivery services; and
               o. the payment mechanisms and currencies that Franchisee may accept from customers of the
                  Franchised Restaurant.

          Franchisor may change its System Standards at any time.

       13.9      Franchisee shall secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and certificates
relating to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and shall operate the Franchised Restaurant in full
compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations, including without limitation all
government regulations relating to occupational hazards and health, consumer protection, trade regulation,
workmen’s compensation, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment of Federal and State
income taxes and social security taxes and sales, use and property taxes. Franchisee will not close the
Franchised Restaurant unless required by an order issued by a federal, state or local authority. Franchisee
agrees to refrain from any merchandising, advertising or promotional practice which is unethical or may be
injurious to the business of Franchisor and/or other Franchised Restaurants or to the goodwill associated
with the Marks. Franchisee further agrees to comply with Franchisor’s website privacy policy, as it may
be amended from time-to-time, and to comply with any requests to return or delete consumer personal
information, whether requested by Franchisor or directly by the consumer, as required by applicable data
sharing and privacy laws. If Franchisee becomes aware of a suspected or actual breach of security or
unauthorized access involving consumer personal information, Franchisee must notify Franchisor
immediately and specify the extent to which such consumer personal information was compromised or
disclosed. Franchisee agrees to follow Franchisor’s instructions regarding curative actions and public
statements relating to the breach.

     13.10       Franchisee shall in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant use only displays, trays,
boxes, bags, wrapping paper, labels, forms, and other paper and plastic products imprinted with the Marks
and colors as prescribed from time to time by Franchisor.

     13.11       Franchisee agrees that the Franchised Restaurant shall at all times maintain an inventory
of ingredients, food and beverage products and other products, materials and supplies that will permit
operation of the Franchised Restaurant at maximum capacity. Franchisee further agrees that, unless
otherwise agreed to in writing by Franchisor, the Franchised Restaurant will at all times maintain a product
and supply inventory which is adequate to meet public demand and as otherwise required by Franchisor in
the Manual. Franchisee shall maintain its meat case display in the Restaurant area at full capacity and as
otherwise specified by Franchisor.

     13.12      The Franchised Restaurant shall at all times be under the direct, on-premises supervision
of Franchisee or Franchisee’s Controlling Principal (or a trained and competent employee acting as full-
time manager or shift supervisor who has satisfactorily completed Franchisor’s initial training course). In

                                                   19
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
