Franchisee shall receive no refund of fees paid to Franchisor. Franchisor shall return such fees upon
Franchisee’s and Franchisee’s guarantors’ execution of an agreement, in a form provided by Franchisor,
releasing Franchisor and its Affiliates and representatives from all claims related to this Agreement and the
Franchise purchase. Upon return of said amount, Franchisor shall be fully and forever released from any
claims or causes of action which Franchisee or its guarantors may have had under this Agreement or related
to the sale of the franchise.

       5.5       Franchisor from time to time may provide, at no charge to Franchisee (Franchisee shall be
solely responsible for all travel, room and board expenses), and may require that previously trained and
experienced Franchisees, their Controlling Principals or their managers or employees attend and successfully
complete refresher training programs or seminars. Such programs or seminars will be conducted at locations
designated by Franchisor, or virtually, at Franchisee’s expense. Attendance will not be required at more than
two (2) such programs in any calendar year. The programs shall not collectively exceed four (4) days in
duration during any calendar year.

       5.6        Franchisee must at all times employ at least one individual who has completed Phases 1, 2,
and 3, at least one individual who has completed Phases 1 and 2, and at least one individual who has completed
Phase 1 (each, a “Trained Employee”) in accordance with the requirements of Section 5.1 when operating the
Restaurant. If a Trained Employee ceases to serve in the position that qualified him or her for training (as
Franchisee, Controlling Principal, designated manager, assistant manager, or shift supervisor, as applicable)
for the Franchised Restaurant (even before the Restaurant opens), Franchisee shall promptly arrange for the
Trained Employee’s replacement (the “Replacement Trainee”) to attend and successfully complete the same
training phases that the Trained Employee completed. Such training shall be completed no later than one
hundred twenty (120) days after the departure of the Trained Employee. For each Replacement Trainee,
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor Franchisor’s then-applicable rate for the training of a Replacement Trainee.
Such payment must be made in advance of training. The applicable rate shall be set forth in the Manual or
otherwise in writing by Franchisor.

       5.7      Franchisee must comply with all applicable board of health food safety certification
requirements, such as ServSafe certification or the local equivalent, prior to the opening of the Franchised
Restaurant and on an ongoing basis. Franchisee shall be solely responsible for determining and complying
with the applicable requirements.

   6.     PROPRIETARY MARKS

        6.1      Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is the owner of the Marks, and Franchisee’s right
to use the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement and is limited to the conduct of business by Franchisee
consistent with and in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable System Standards prescribed by
Franchisor from time to time during the term of the Franchise. Any unauthorized use of the Marks by
Franchisee is a breach of this Agreement and an infringement of the rights of Franchisor in and to the Marks.
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that all usage of the Marks by Franchisee and any goodwill established
by Franchisee’s use of the Marks shall inure to the exclusive benefit of Franchisor and that this Agreement
does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon Franchisee. Franchisee shall not, at any
time during the term of this Agreement or after its termination or expiration, contest the validity or ownership
of any of the Marks or assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of any of the Marks. All
provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks apply to any additional trademarks, service marks, and




                                                   6
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
