                                 AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                    FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                  FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA

        THIS AMENDMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into by and between A Sub
Above, LLC (“Franchisor”) and                                     (“Franchisee” or “You”). Franchisor
and Franchisee are parties that certain Franchise Agreement dated                       , 20      (the
“Franchise Agreement”). This Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement. This
Amendment is being signed because (a) the Franchised Restaurant that You will operate under the Franchise
Agreement will be located in Minnesota, and/or (b) any of the offering or sales activity relating to the
Franchise Agreement occurred in Minnesota.

         MINNESOTA LAW MODIFICATIONS

        1.      The Commissioner of Commerce for the State of Minnesota requires that certain provisions
contained in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat.
Section 80.01 et seq., and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Act (collectively the
“Franchise Act”). To the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with
this Amendment, the provisions of this Amendment will govern such inconsistency.

         2.        The following is added to the end of Section 6.4 of the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Provided Franchisee has complied with all the provisions of this Agreement
                   applicable to the Marks, Franchisor will protect Franchisee’s right to use the Mark
                   and will also indemnify Franchisee from any loss, costs, or expenses from any
                   claims, suits, or demands regarding Franchisee’s use of the Marks in accordance
                   with the Franchise Act.”

         3.        The following is added as Section 27.9 to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding the foregoing, Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule
                   2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor, except in certain specified cases, to require
                   litigation or arbitration to be conducted outside the State of Minnesota. Nothing in
                   this Agreement will abrogate or reduce any of Franchisee’s rights under the
                   Franchise Act or Franchisee’s right to any procedure, forum, or remedies that the
                   laws of the jurisdiction provide.”

         4.        The second paragraph of Section 27.8 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted.

         5.        The following is added as Section 18.7(c) to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Minn. Rule 2860.4400J. prohibits the Franchisor from requiring Franchisee to
                   consent to liquidated damages. The provisions of the Franchise Agreement that
                   require Franchisee to consent to liquidated damages shall be superseded by the
                   Franchise Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.”

         6.        The following is added to the end of Section 27.6 of the Franchise Agreement:

                   “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a court of competent
                   jurisdiction will determine whether a bond is required to obtain injunctive relief.”


A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
