                   (d)       Exercise concurrently the rights granted in clauses (b) and (c) above; or
                   (e)       Exercise any other rights and remedies which Franchisor may have.
         7.3     Upon termination of this Agreement (no matter the reason), Developer shall have no right to
establish or operate any JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant for which a lease and Franchise Agreement have not
been fully signed by Developer and Franchisor, and Franchisor and its Affiliates will have the rights described
in Section 1.4 above. No default under this Agreement shall constitute a default under any Franchise
Agreement between the parties, except to the extent that any default under this Agreement constitutes a default
under any Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement.
        7.4      No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to Franchisor by this Agreement is exclusive
of any other right or remedy provided or permitted by law or equity.
    8. TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST
         8.1     Prohibition of Transfer by Developer. Developer’s development rights under this
Agreement are not assignable at all, either directly or indirectly. This means Franchisor will not under any
circumstances allow the development rights to be transferred. A transfer of the development rights would
be deemed to occur (and is prohibited) if there is an assignment of this Agreement, a transfer of a
Controlling Interest in Developer or in a Business Entity with a Controlling Interest in Developer, or any
other event attempting to assign the development rights. An assignment (direct or indirect) of only a non-
Controlling Interest in Developer is permitted (and will not be deemed to be a transfer of development
rights), provided that, prior to the consummation of any such assignment, (i) Developer promptly provides
to Franchisor an updated list of Principals of Developer, along with percentages of ownership; and (ii) any
new Principal of Developer executes Franchisor’s then-current form of Guaranty and Assumption of
Obligations attached as Exhibit B-1 to this Agreement and any other documents Franchisor requires, as
necessary to effectuate the documentation of such assignment. Any attempted transfer in violation of this
Section 8 shall be ineffective and convey no rights.
         8.2       Transfer by Franchisor. Franchisor and any holder of an Ownership Interest in Franchisor
may voluntarily, involuntarily, directly or indirectly sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense, sublease,
collaterally assign, grant a security, collateral or conditional interest, inter vivos transfer, testamentary
disposition or other disposition of all or any part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any
Ownership Interest in Franchisor to any person. Developer agrees not to interfere in or to attempt to interfere
with a proposed transfer by Franchisor or its owners. Specifically, and without limitation to the foregoing,
Franchisor may sell its assets, Marks or the System to a third party; may offer its securities privately or
publicly; may merge, spin-off, acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; may
undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial restructuring; and
with regard to any or all of the above sales, assignments, and dispositions, Developer expressly and
specifically waives any claims, demands, or damages against Franchisor arising from or related to the transfer
of the Marks (or any variation of such Marks) or the System from Franchisor to any other party. If Franchisor
assigns its right in this Agreement, Franchisor will be released from all further liability under this Agreement.
Nothing contained in this Agreement requires Franchisor to offer any services or products, whether or not
bearing the Marks, to Developer if Franchisor assigns its rights in this Agreement.
    9. COVENANTS
         9.1     Unless otherwise specified, the term “Developer” as used in this Section 9 shall include,
collectively and individually, all persons who own or control an Ownership Interest of five percent (5%) or
more of Developer, and of any Business Entity directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by Developer.
        9.2    Developer covenants that during the term of this Agreement and any renewals, except as
otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Developer, Developer’s Controlling Principal, or a manager
designated by Developer and approved by Franchisor shall devote full-time energy, and best efforts, to the
management and operation of Developer’s Business.
                                                         6
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
