                         such Premises to bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substitute Premises into full
                         compliance with the then-current System Standards (as defined in Section 4.1) by the
                         expiration date of this Agreement;

                    c. Franchisee has given notice of renewal to Franchisor as provided in Section 2.3;

                    d. Franchisee has satisfied all monetary obligations owed by Franchisee to Franchisor and
                       its subsidiaries and Affiliates and has timely met these obligations throughout the term
                       of this Agreement;

                    e. Franchisee has signed upon renewal Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise
                       agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the franchise agreement
                       relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), and all related agreements customarily signed
                       by new franchisees of Franchisor, which shall supersede this Agreement and may differ
                       in all respects from this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different percentage
                       continuing royalty fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, Franchisee shall
                       not be required to pay the then-current initial franchise fee or its equivalent;

                    f.   Franchisee has complied with Franchisor’s then-current qualification and training
                         requirements; and

                    g. Franchisee and Franchisee’s guarantors have signed a general release, in a form
                       prescribed by Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor and its subsidiaries
                       and Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders and
                       employees.

        2.3       If Franchisee desires to renew this franchise at the expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee
shall give Franchisor written notice of its desire to renew at least six (6) months, but not more than twelve
(12) months, prior to the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement. Within ninety (90) days after its
receipt of such timely notice, Franchisor shall furnish Franchisee with written notice of: (1) reasons which
could cause Franchisor not to renew, including any deficiencies which require correction and an amendment
for correction of such deficiencies by Franchisee; and (2) Franchisor’s then-current requirements relating
to the image, appearance, decoration, furnishing, equipping and stocking of JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants,
and an amendment for effecting such upgrading or modifications in order to bring the Franchised Restaurant
in compliance therewith, as a condition for renewal. Renewal of the franchise shall be conditioned upon
Franchisee’s compliance with such requirements and continued compliance with all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement up to the date of renewal.

       2.4      Franchisor shall give Franchisee written notice of its election not to renew the franchise at
least one (1) month prior to the Expiration Date. Such notice shall specify the reasons for non-renewal.
Franchisor may extend the term of the Franchise so as to provide Franchisee with any notice which is
required by applicable law.

   3.     RESTAURANT AND LOCATION

      3.1       Franchisee may operate the Franchised Restaurant only at the location specified on the
Summary Pages. Without Franchisor’s written approval, Franchisee may not solicit orders or engage in
marketing outside of its Designated Area, although Franchisee may accept orders from outside its
Designated Area which Franchisee does not solicit. If the lease for the site of the Franchised Restaurant
expires or terminates without fault of Franchisee, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise
                                                     3
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
