demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Waiver by Franchisor or any particular default
by Franchisee shall not be binding unless in writing and signed by the party sought to be charged and shall
not affect or impair Franchisor’s right with respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a different
nature; nor shall and delay, waiver, forbearance, or omission of Franchisor to exercise any power or rights
arising out of any breach or default by Franchisee or any of the terms, provisions, or covenants of this
Agreement, affect or impair Franchisor’s rights nor shall such constitute a waiver by Franchisor of any right
hereunder or of the right to declare any subsequent breach or default. Subsequent acceptance by Franchisor
of any payment(s) due to it hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding
breach by Franchisee of any terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement.

        The following provision applies if Franchisee or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the
franchise registration or disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

   23.    NOTICES

         Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and be personally
delivered or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally recognized commercial
courier service (e.g., Federal Express, UPS) to the respective parties at the addresses specified in the
Summary Pages, unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other
party. All written notices, reports and payments permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement
or the Confidential Operations Manual will be deemed to be delivered on the earlier of the time actually
delivered, or as follows: (i) at the time delivered via electronic transmission (if the sender has confirmation
of successful transmission) and, in the case of the Continuing Royalty Fees, Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund Payments and National Media Fund Payments, at the time received via electronic
payment; (ii) one (1) day after being placed in the hands of a nationally recognized commercial courier
service for next day delivery; or (iii) three (3) days after placement in United States Mail by Registered or
Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid. Any notice that Franchisor sends to Franchisee
by electronic means will be deemed delivered if it is sent to the email address of the Controlling Principal
listed on the Summary Pages or any other email address the Controlling Principal has notified Franchisor
of in writing, and/or any branded email address Franchisor issues such Controlling Principal.

   24.    COST OF ENFORCEMENT OR DEFENSE

         The prevailing party in any arbitration or litigation involving the parties, their Affiliates, or their
respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or representatives shall be entitled to receive
from the non-prevailing party all its costs and expenses of obtaining such relief. This includes, but is not
limited to, court costs, arbitration costs and attorneys’ fees, which the prevailing party may incorporate into
the terms of any judgment, order or relief granted to the prevailing party. Time expended by in-house
counsel for Franchisor shall be valued at Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) per hour.

   25.    ENTIRE AGREEMENT

      This Agreement, any Exhibit attached to this Agreement (including the Summary of
Acknowledgments), the Summary Pages, and the documents referred to in this Agreement, shall be
                                                  38
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
