rent abatement under the lease for a period of time, you must pay JMFS the amount of the rent abatement,
payable against the amount advanced under the Promissory Note, in addition to your already required
payments under the Promissory Note. In addition, JMFS may require, at its discretion and upon prior notice
to you, that you make additional payments in an amount up to 50% of the Restaurant’s EBITDA to pay
against the principal you owe under the terms of the Promissory Note. “EBITDA” means your Restaurant’s
earnings before deducting interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses.

        If you default, JMFS may declare the entire remaining amount due. If you do not pay JMFS the
entire balance, and any accrued unpaid interest, you may be responsible for the court costs and attorneys’
fees JMFS incurs in collecting the debt from you. Company may terminate your Franchise Agreement if
you do not pay JMFS. The principals of the franchisee entity, and the spouse of each principal, if applicable,
will personally guaranty the note. JMFS will also have a security interest in the assets of your Restaurant,
which means that if you do not pay JMFS, JMFS may foreclose upon those assets consistent with state law.
You must make note payments to JMFS via auto-debit transfer, if so requested.

        You must waive your rights to certain notices of a collection action in JMFS’s promissory note and
guaranty. If you form or use a legal entity to own the restaurant, your shareholders, members, partners
and/or owners must personally guarantee the debt and agree to pay the entire debt and all collection costs.
JMFS may sell, assign or discount any promissory note to a third party. If JMFS sells or assign your
promissory note, it will not affect Company’s obligation to provide the services to you that are described
in the Franchise Agreement but the third party may be immune under the law to any defenses to payment
you may have against JMFS or Company. JMFS and/or Company may partner with a third-party lender to
provide financing for the Coach Rod Smith Program. If that happens, you will sign the financing documents
required by the third-party lender which may contain materially different terms than JMFS’s promissory
note and guaranty. JMFS and/or Company may guaranty those obligations in such event.

ITEM 11.            FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND
                    TRAINING

          Except as listed below, Company is not required to provide you with any assistance.

      A.      After you sign the Area Development Agreement, but before you sign a Franchise
Agreement, Company (or its designee(s) or Area Directors) will:

            1. Use reasonable efforts to help analyze your market area, determine site feasibility and to
assist in the designation of the franchise location; however, it is your sole responsibility to undertake site
selection activities and otherwise secure, with Company’s written approval, the Premises and Company
does not guarantee the success of any site or location. (Area Development Agreement - Section 3.3)

           2. Provide you with written notice of approval or disapproval of any proposed site within 15
business days after receiving your written proposal. (Area Development Agreement - Section 3.2)

         3. Approve the lease of the Premises in writing, which must include the language required by
Company as outlined in the Area Development Agreement. (Area Development Agreement - Section 3.2)

             Methods Used to Select the Location of the Franchised Restaurant

           You, working with a real estate broker approved by Company, must select the site for each
Franchised Restaurant within the area designated in the Area Development Agreement and comply with
Company’s procedures for site selection. Under the Area Development Agreement, Company must approve
the location of any future Franchised Restaurants that you intend to develop. Company’s then-current
standards for sites and territories will apply. (Area Development Agreement - Section 2.2) The methods
used by Company in approving the location for the proposed site may include, but are not limited to,
demographic characteristics of the surrounding area, location, visibility, accessibility, area competition
                                                      27
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
