ITEM 15.  OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
FRANCHISED RESTAURANT

         The JERSEY MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant is to be at all times under the direct on-premises
supervision of your Controlling Principal, or a competent employee acting as full-time manager or shift
supervisor who has satisfactorily completed Company’s initial training program and has been approved in
writing by Company. “Controlling Principal” as used in this Disclosure Document means a Principal who
is designated by, and owns at least 10% equity interest in, you (if you’re an entity) and approved by
Company as the individual who is responsible for operating your Restaurant and causing you to comply
with the Franchise Agreement. “Principal” means your, or your affiliate’s, officers and directors, partners
or members, and persons holding an ownership interest in you (if you’re an entity) or your affiliate, in the
Franchise Agreement or the assets of your Restaurant. You will at all times faithfully, honestly and
diligently perform your obligations arising under the Franchise Agreement and will not engage in any
business or other activities that will conflict with these obligations. Company may condition the approval
of a new designated manager or Controlling Principal upon the individual’s successful completion of Phase
II of Company’s initial training program.

        You, or your Controlling Principal (if you are operating as a business entity), or a manager whom
you have designated and Company has approved, must devote full-time energy and best efforts to the
management and operation of the Franchised Restaurant, unless otherwise approved in writing by
Company. Your Controlling Principal must be approved by Company and must satisfactorily complete all
required training Company offers.

ITEM 16.            RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

         You will offer for sale, use and provide at the Franchised Restaurant all types of sandwiches and
other categories of food products that Company authorizes. You are prohibited from offering for sale,
selling or providing at the Franchised Restaurant or the Premises any other category of products and from
using the Premises for any purpose other than the operation of a Franchised Restaurant.

        Company has the right to add additional products or services to the list of items you must sell at
your Restaurant. Moreover, Company may require you to modernize or remodel your Restaurant to meet
System Standards. There are no limits on Company’s right to do so except that the investment required of
a franchisee (for equipment, supplies, remodeling or upgrades) will not exceed $150,000 during the term
of the Franchise Agreement.

        You are prohibited from installing or maintaining on the Premises any food racks or other sales and
promotional items and materials not authorized by Company, and you are prohibited from installing or
maintaining newspaper racks, juke boxes, gum machines, games, rides, vending machines or other similar
devices on the Premises.

        Company may periodically set a maximum or minimum price that you may charge for products
and services offered by your Restaurant. If Company imposes such a maximum or minimum price for any
product or service, you may charge any price for the product or service up to and including Company’s
designated maximum price or down to and including Company’s designated minimum price. The
designated maximum and minimum prices for the same product or service may, at Company’s option, be
the same. For any product or service for which Company does not impose a maximum or minimum price,
Company may require you to comply with an advertising policy adopted by Company which will prohibit
you from advertising any price for a product or service that is different than Company’s suggested retail
price. Although you must comply with any advertising policy that Company adopts, you will not be
prohibited from selling any product or service at a price above or below the suggested retail price unless
Company imposes a maximum price or minimum price for such product or service.


                                                     48
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
