         17.2     Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any claim or controversy arising out of or
related to this Agreement, or the making, performance, breach, or interpretation of this Agreement, except for
any actions brought with respect to: (i) ownership or use of the Marks; (ii) securing injunctive relief pursuant
to Section 17.6 of this Agreement; (iii) any covenant listed within Section 9 or conditions within Section 7 of
this Agreement; (iv) the right to indemnification or the manner in which it is exercised; shall first be the subject
of an informal meeting between the parties to resolve the dispute and then subject to non-binding mediation.
The parties agree to conduct the mediation in accordance with the then-current commercial mediation
procedures of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”), except to the extent the rules conflict with
this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control. However, the mediation need not be administered
by the AAA unless the parties cannot agree upon the selection of a mediator within thirty (30) days of the
receipt of the written notice of mediation. If the parties cannot reach agreement upon the selection of a
mediator, either party may commence a mediation proceeding by making a request for mediation to the AAA
regional office closest to Monmouth County, New Jersey, with a copy to the other party. The written request
for mediation shall describe with specificity the nature of the dispute and the relief sought. Both parties are
obligated to engage in the mediation.

         The mediation will be conducted by a single mediator with no past or present affiliation or conflict
with any party to the mediation. The parties agree that the mediator shall be disqualified as a witness, expert,
consultant or attorney in any pending or subsequent proceeding relating to the dispute which is the subject of
the mediation. In the event the parties cannot agree on a mediator and the AAA administers the mediation,
the AAA shall provide the parties with a list of mediators willing to serve. The parties will have ten (10) days
from receipt of the list from the AAA to agree upon a mediator from the list. If neither party advises the AAA
in writing of an agreement within ten (10) days of receipt of such list, the AAA shall appoint the mediator.

        The fees and expenses of the AAA (or other administrator), if applicable, and the mediator’s fee, shall
be shared equally among the parties. Each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in
connection with the mediation irrespective of the outcome of the mediation or the mediator’s evaluation of
each party’s case. The mediation shall occur within thirty (30) days after selection of the mediator.

          Regardless of which party initiates the mediation, the parties agree to conduct the mediation at a
suitable location chosen by the mediator in Monmouth County, New Jersey. At least seven (7) days before
the first scheduled session of the mediation, each party shall deliver to the mediator a concise written summary
of its position with respect to the matters in dispute (such as claims or defenses) and such other matters
required by the mediator.

         Developer is prohibited from commencing any formal legal action against Franchisor or its
Affiliates, and except as otherwise provided above in this Section 17.2, Franchisor is prohibited from
commencing any formal legal action against Developer or its Affiliates, with respect to any claim or dispute
subject to mediation unless mediation proceedings have been terminated either: (i) as the result of a written
declaration of the mediator(s) that further mediation efforts are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written
declaration by Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right to specifically enforce its right to mediation. As
noted above, mediation shall not defer or suspend Franchisor’s exercise of any termination right under this
Agreement.

         17.3   Franchisor and Developer agree that all controversies, disputes, or claims between
Franchisor and any of Franchisor’s Affiliates, and any of their respective shareholders, officers, directors,
agents, or employees, and Developer or its owners, guarantors, Affiliates or employees arising out of or
related to:

                (a)       this Agreement or any other agreement between Developer and Developer’s owners
and Franchisor or its Affiliates;

                   (b)       Franchisor’s relationship with Developer; or
                                                         11
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
