                                                                                           Store # _______

                                        A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                               ASSIGNMENT OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

         This Assignment of Franchise Agreement is made by and between A Sub Above, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company having its principal place of business at 2251 Landmark Place, Manasquan, New
Jersey 08736, (the “Franchisor”), ORIGINAL FRANCHISEE (the “Assignor”), NEW ENTITY (the
“Assignee”), and GUARANTORS (the “Guarantors”). This Assignment of Franchise Agreement shall take
effect upon its execution and dating by Franchisor (the “Effective Date”).

       WHEREAS, Franchisor and Assignor entered into a A Sub Above, LLC Franchise Agreement on
_____________ (the “Franchise Agreement”); and

        WHEREAS, the Assignor desires to assign its rights as Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement
to the Assignee; and

       NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
acknowledged, the Franchisor, Assignor, Assignee, and Guarantors hereby agree as follows:

    1. The Assignor hereby assigns all of its right, title and interest in the Franchise Agreement to the
       Assignee. The Franchisor hereby consents to this transfer. The Assignee hereby assumes and
       agrees to comply with all of the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement.

    2. Sections 1 and 2 of the Summary Pages of the Franchise Agreement are hereby amended and
       restated as follows:

         1.        FRANCHISEE(S):
                              Business Name (if partnership, corporation or LLC):


                                        Names of Individual(s) with Ownership Interests in Franchise:


                                        Name(s) of Authorized Signatory or Signatories:


         2.        FRANCHISEE(S)’S GUARANTOR(S):

    3. The Franchisor, the Assignor, the Assignee, and Guarantors shall execute this Assignment which
       shall be attached to and become part of the Franchise Agreement.

    4. Except as amended by this Assignment, the Franchise Agreement remains in full force and effect.

RELEASES. Franchisee, Guarantors, Assignor(s) and Assignee(s) jointly and severally release and forever
discharge Company, its affiliates, and their respective heirs, successors, members, shareholders, partners,
officers and directors, representatives, assigns, agents, attorneys, and employees, (collectively “Affiliates”),
of and from any claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, costs, expenses, actions and causes of action
of every nature, character and description, known or unknown, vested or contingent, including without
limitation, claims arising directly or indirectly related to (a) the Franchise Agreement and this Assignment
Agreement (collectively the “Franchise Agreement”), (b) the entry into the Franchise Agreement, (c) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Franchise Agreement, and (d) the Franchised Business, which
Franchisee, Guarantors, Assignor(s) and Assignee(s) now own or hold or have at any time heretofore owned
or held, or may at any time own or hold against Affiliates, arising prior to and including the Effective Date,
including, but not limited to, all claims related to any violations of federal and state franchise, relationship,
and business opportunity laws.
Sub Above, LLC
Ex. H – 2025_12 Assignment Agreements
1264.005.010/441101
