                 (c)      the scope or validity of this Agreement or any other agreement between Developer
or its owners and Franchisor or its Affiliates or any provision of any of such agreements (including the validity
and scope of the arbitration obligation under this Section 17 which Franchisor and Developer acknowledge is
to be determined by an arbitrator, not a court),

must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party (this includes all controversies, disputes,
or claims that are not resolved through mediation where mediation is a required first step in the dispute
resolution process, as described in Section 17.2 above). The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one
arbitrator, who shall be either a retired New Jersey state court judge or retired federal court judge, unless the
parties mutually agree otherwise. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the parties. If the
parties are unable to agree, the assignment judge of Monmouth County, New Jersey shall select the arbitrator.
In the event the assignment judge of Monmouth County, New Jersey is unable or unwilling to select the
arbitrator, the assignment judge of Ocean County, New Jersey shall select the arbitrator. Monmouth County,
New Jersey shall be the venue for the arbitration. All proceedings will be conducted at a suitable location
chosen by the arbitrator in Monmouth County, New Jersey. All matters relating to arbitration will be governed
by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.). The interim and final award of the arbitrator shall be
final and binding upon each party, and judgment upon the arbitrator’s awards may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

         The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her awards any relief which he or she deems
proper, including, without limitation, money damages, pre- and post-award interest, interim costs and
attorneys’ fees, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator may not declare any of
the trademarks owned by Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s Affiliates generic or otherwise invalid, or award
any punitive or exemplary damages to any party to the arbitration proceeding (Franchisor and Developer
hereby waiving to the fullest extent permitted by law, except for claims arising from Developer’s obligation
to indemnify Franchisor for third party claims under Section 11.3 or for claims for treble damages in
appropriate cases under the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §1051 and the sections
following it), any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other). Further, at the
conclusion of the arbitration, the arbitrator shall award to the prevailing party its attorneys’ fees and costs.

         Franchisor and Developer agree to be bound by the provisions of any applicable contractual or
statutory limitation provision, whichever expires earlier. Franchisor and Developer further agree that, in any
arbitration proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory
counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as
the claim to which it relates. Any claim which is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred. The
arbitrator may not consider any settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by either
Developer or Franchisor.

          Franchisor reserves the right, but has no obligation, to advance Developer’s share of the costs of any
arbitration proceeding in order for such arbitration proceeding to proceed and by doing so shall not be deemed
to have waived or relinquished Franchisor’s right to seek the recovery of those costs in accordance with the
attorneys’ fees and costs provisions of this Agreement. Franchisor and Developer agree that arbitration will
be conducted on an individual basis and that an arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and any of
Franchisor’s Affiliates, or their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, or employees, on the one
hand, and Developer (or any of Developer’s owners, guarantors, Affiliates, or employees), on the other hand,
may not be: (i) conducted on a class-wide basis, (ii) commenced, conducted or consolidated with any other
arbitration proceeding, (iii) joined with any separate claim of an unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on
Developer’s behalf by any association or agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in
this section, if any court or arbitrator determines that all or any part of the preceding sentence is unenforceable
with respect to a dispute that otherwise would be subject to arbitration under this section, then all parties agree
that this arbitration clause shall not apply to that dispute and that such dispute shall be resolved in a judicial
proceeding in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement.

                                                        12
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
