                         required expenditures of a cooperative advertising and promotional program, Franchisor
                         shall have the right to determine the form and amount of the expenditures to be made
                         through such cooperative advertising and promotional program. Franchisor may charge
                         a fee to the cooperative for the services which it provides.

                    b. Although Franchisor intends the Cooperative Advertising Fund to be of perpetual
                       duration, Franchisor maintains the right to terminate the Cooperative Advertising Fund
                       at any time. The Cooperative Advertising Fund shall not be terminated, however, until
                       all monies in the Cooperative Advertising Fund have been expended for advertising and
                       promotional purposes.

                    c. Franchisor shall cause each of its Affiliate-owned JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants,
                       including Restaurants owned or controlled by directors and officers of Franchisor, to
                       make contributions to the Cooperative Advertising Fund in the Advertising Coverage
                       Area which are equivalent to the contributions required of Franchised Restaurants based
                       upon the date on which each Affiliate-owned Restaurant opened for business.

                    d. Franchisor may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, waive payments to the Cooperative
                       Advertising Fund, in whole or in part, for locations with limited access Restaurants,
                       including, but not limited to, resorts, stadiums, hospitals, airports, casinos, college
                       campuses and highway rest stops and waive their participation in such programs.
                       Franchisor shall have the sole power to form, change, merge or dissolve the Advertising
                       Coverage Area and cooperatives. At any time Franchisor may require that some or all
                       of Franchisee’s cooperative advertising payments be paid instead to the Corporate
                       Advertising Fund.

                    e. An accounting summary of the operations of the Cooperative Advertising Fund shall be
                       prepared annually and shall be made available to Franchisee upon written request.
                       Franchisor reserves the right, at its sole option, to have an audit of the operation of the
                       Cooperative Advertising Fund prepared by an independent certified public accountant
                       selected by Franchisor and prepared at the expense of the Cooperative Advertising Fund.

      10.7         Franchisee shall maintain a business phone and advertise continuously as “Jersey Mike’s
Subs” in the free classified or Yellow Pages of the local telephone directory under the listing “Restaurants”
or such other listings as deemed appropriate by Franchisor using mats of the type and size approved in advance
by Franchisor. When more than one (1) JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant is located in an area served by the same
commercial telephone directory, a single classified advertisements shall list all JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants
operating within the distribution area of such classified directories, and Franchisee shall pay its share of the
cost of such advertisement based upon the number of Restaurants listed in the advertisement.

      10.8        Franchisee must not establish or create any domain names, websites, email addresses, user
names, profiles, screen names, social network accounts, other online presence or presence on any electronic
medium of any kind (“Online Presence”) unless previously approved by Franchisor in writing. At
Franchisor’s request, Franchisee agrees to grant Franchisor access to each such Online Presence and to take
whatever action (including signing assignment or other documents) Franchisor requests to help Franchisor
obtain exclusive administrative rights in such Online Presence. Franchisor also reserve the right to require
Franchisee, at Franchisee’s expense, to list and advertise the Franchised Restaurant with the online directories
that Franchisor periodically prescribes (such as Yelp® and Google®) or establish any other Online Presence
Franchisor requires, each in accordance with Franchisor’s System Standards. If Franchisor approves, in
writing, the use of any social networking websites (such as LinkedIn®, Twitter®, Facebook®, Instagram® or
                                                    13
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
