On a periodic basis, the Company evaluates its receivables and establishes an allowance for credit
losses based on a history of past write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts are
written off as uncollectible after management reviews the specific circumstances related to each
account. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $20,000 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Concentrations—The Company grants credit to substantially all of its franchisees. Franchises are
located in 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Canada. The Company generally does not require
collateral; however, by virtue of the franchise agreements, the Company believes it maintains sufficient
security interests in the franchisees and the amount of credit risk is minimal. Historically, the Company
has not incurred significant losses related to its accounts receivable.

The Company maintains cash at several US and Canadian banks. The Company maintains both
interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing accounts at US banks, which are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. In Canada, the Company maintains
non-interest-bearing accounts that are insured by the Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC)
up to $100,000. At times, cash balances in the Company’s accounts may exceed insured limits. All bank
accounts exceeding FDIC, CDIC, or other applicable limits are with major financial institutions. The
Company has not experienced any losses to date on its invested cash.

Property and Equipment—Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation charges with
respect to property and equipment have been made by the Company on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the underlying assets indicated below:
                                                                                         Estimated Life
  Classification                                                                             (Years)

  Buildings                                                                                     39
  Aircraft                                                                                      15
  Office furniture and fixtures                                                                3–5
  Leasehold improvements                                                                       5–10
  Machinery and equipment                                                                      5–7
  Vehicles                                                                                      5

Expenditures for betterments and major renewals are capitalized and, therefore, are included in
property and equipment. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as
incurred. Upon sale or retirement, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from
the accounts and any gain or loss on such disposal is reflected in operations.

Intangible Assets—Intangible assets subject to amortization include area service agreements,
trademarks, internally developed external-use software, reacquired rights, website design, and other
intangibles. The Company capitalizes the costs of software developed for external use and website
design developed for a service when the preliminary project stage is completed and management
(i) commits to funding the project and (ii) believes it is probable that the project will be completed and
the software or website design will be used to perform the function intended. The software and
website design developed or obtained for external use are amortized on a straight-line basis
commencing when such software and website design are ready for its intended use. All assets are being
amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company accounts for impairment of long-lived assets in
accordance with professional standards, which require that if facts and circumstances indicate that the
cost of fixed assets or other assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be


                                                - 10 -
