         in excess of the maximum lawful rate then allowed. The provisions of this Section 11 shall control
         over all other provisions of this Note, which may be in apparent conflict hereunder. Any excess
         amount shall be immediately refunded by Holder to Maker, and the provisions hereof shall be
         immediately reformed, and the amounts thereafter collectible under this Note shall be reduced,
         without the necessity of the execution of any further documents, so as to comply with the then
         applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest amount otherwise called for under
         this Note. Any such refund shall not cure or waive any default by Maker under this Note. Maker
         agrees that in determining whether or not any interest payable under this Note exceeds the highest
         rate not prohibited by law, any non-principal payment (except payments specifically stated in
         this Note to be “interest”), including, without limitation, late charges, shall, to the maximum extent
         not prohibited by law, be an expense, fee, or indemnification amount rather than interest. The term
         “applicable law” as used in this Note shall mean the laws of the State of New Jersey or the laws of
         the United States, whichever laws allow the greater rate of interest, as such laws now exist or may
         be changed or amended or come into effect in the future.

    12. GIVING OF NOTICES.

              a. Any notice that must be given to Maker under this Note shall be given by hand delivery or
                 by certified mail addressed to Maker at [_____________]. Notice shall be delivered or
                 mailed to Maker at a different address only after Maker gives the Holder written notice of
                 the different address.

              b. Any notice that must be given to the Holder under this Note shall be given by hand delivery
                 or by certified mail addressed to Holder at 2251 Landmark Place, Manasquan, New Jersey
                 08736, Attention: Office of the General Counsel. Notice shall be delivered or mailed to
                 Holder at a different address only after Holder gives the Maker written notice of the
                 different address.

    13. EXTENSIONS/RENEWALS. Holder may in its sole and absolute discretion, without notice and
        without releasing the liability of Maker, grant extensions and/or renewals hereof from time to time
        or for any term or terms. Holder shall not be liable for or prejudiced by failure to collect or lack of
        diligence in bringing suit on this Note or any renewal or extension hereof, and the acceptance at
        any time by Holder of any past-due amount shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the right to require
        prompt payment when due of any other amounts then or thereafter due and payable.

    14. ASSIGNMENTS. The Maker may not assign, transfer, or sell this Note to any party without the
        written consent of the Holder.

    15. ATTORNEYS’ FEES. In any litigation to enforce the terms of this Note, the prevailing party shall
        be entitled to receive from the non-prevailing party all its costs and expenses of obtaining such
        relief. This includes, but is not limited to, court costs, arbitration costs and attorneys’ fees, which
        the prevailing party may incorporate into the terms of any judgment, order or relief granted to the
        prevailing party.

    16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This Note, including the Guaranty and Assumption of
        Obligations attached hereto as Exhibit B, contains the entire understanding of the parties with
        respect to the subject matter hereof and includes all of the oral and written agreements,
        representations, and arrangements between the parties with respect to the obligations to be incurred
        by the Maker herein, and no other representations or warranties are made or implied except as
        expressly set forth in this Note. This Note may not be changed or amended orally, but only by an
                                               Franchisor/Company’s Copy
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. K – 2025_12 Coach Rod Smith Program Amendment
1264.005.010/441104
