               c. If such Crisis Management Event occurs at any other Restaurant operating under the
                  Marks, including Restaurants not operated by Franchisee, Franchisor shall have the right
                  to require Franchisee to: (1) close the Franchised Restaurant, (2) suspend some or all
                  operations at the Franchised Restaurant, and/or (3) take such remedial actions as Franchisor
                  determines are appropriate as a condition to Franchisee’s reopening of the Franchised
                  Restaurant. Franchisor’s rights under this Section 13.18 shall be exercised in its sole and
                  absolute discretion and shall continue until Franchisor determines that the Crisis
                  Management Event is resolved. Franchisor shall have no liability to Franchisee for any
                  losses arising from a closure or suspension of operations or expenses that Franchisee incurs
                  in taking remedial actions under this Section 13.18.

               d.    “Crisis Management Event” means any event that occurs at or about the Franchised
                    Restaurant that has or may cause harm or injury to customers or employees, such as food
                    contamination, food spoilage/poisoning, food tampering/sabotage, contagious diseases,
                    natural disasters, terrorist acts, shootings, or any other circumstance which may damage
                    the System, the Marks, or the image or reputation of Franchisor or its Affiliates.

   14.    FRANCHISOR’S OPERATIONS ASSISTANCE

      14.1       Unless prohibited by applicable law, Franchisor may periodically set a maximum or
minimum price that Franchisee may charge for products and services offered by Franchised Restaurants.
If Franchisor imposes such a maximum or minimum price for any product or service, Franchisee may
charge any price for the product or service up to and including Franchisor’s designated maximum price or
down to and including Franchisor’s designated minimum price. The designated maximum and minimum
prices for the same product or service may, at Franchisor’s option, be the same. For any product or service
for which Franchisor does not impose a maximum or minimum price, Franchisor may require Franchisee
to comply with an advertising policy adopted by Franchisor which will prohibit Franchisee from advertising
any price for a product or service that is different than Franchisor’s suggested retail price. Although
Franchisee must comply with any advertising policy Franchisor adopts, Franchisee will not be prohibited
from selling any product or service at a price above or below the suggested retail price unless Franchisor
imposes a maximum price or minimum price for such product or service.

      14.2      Upon commencement of operation of the Franchised Restaurant, and during the term of
this Agreement, Franchisor shall provide to Franchisee the following:

                    a. A list of established sources of equipment, foods, supplies and containers necessary
                       for the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, and Franchisor may provide
                       specifications for such products;

                    b. Coordinate product distribution for local, regional and national suppliers; and

                    c. Establish service and product quality standards for use in Franchised Restaurants.

      14.3      Franchisor may inspect the Franchised Restaurant either with its own personnel or with
independent contractors and shall advise Franchisee of problems disclosed in reports of those inspections
which Franchisor determines are material to the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisor may furnish Franchisee
with such assistance in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant as it determines is
appropriate. Operations assistance may consist of advice and guidance with respect to:



                                                   21
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
