        You may only use, offer to sell and sell from the Franchised Restaurant the sandwiches, menu
items, breads, meats, cheeses, ingredients, toppings, spice mixes and other food and beverage products and
materials, containers, packaging materials, other paper and plastic products, plates, cups, utensils, menus,
uniforms, forms, cleaning and sanitation materials and other materials and supplies which meet Company’s
specifications and quality standards and which are stated in Company’s approved list of merchandise,
products and accessories or suppliers. However, if you propose to offer for sale or use any brand of product
not previously approved by Company as meeting its System Standards, or to purchase any product from a
supplier that is not an approved supplier, you must first notify Company and Company may require
submission of sufficient specifications, information and samples to determine whether this brand and/or
supplier meets its specifications. You will reimburse Company for the actual cost of testing your proposed
product. Company will advise you within a reasonable time (which will generally be within 30 days after
Company receives all information and materials described above) whether this item or supplies meets its
specifications. Company is not required to respond to your request, and any of Company’s actions taken
in response will be up to Company, including assessing a fee to compensate Company for the time and
resources spent in evaluating the proposed product and/or supplier (see Item 6). Company’s approval may
be revoked at any time for any reason, on written notice.

          Company applies the following general criteria in approving a proposed supplier:

                    a.        Ability to purchase product in bulk;

                    b.        Quality of services;

                    c.        Production and delivery capability;

                    d.        Proximity to Franchised Restaurants to ensure timely deliveries of product; and/or

                    e.        Dependability of the supplier.

Ownership Interest in Suppliers

        Company or its affiliates may be designated as an approved or an exclusive supplier of products or
services, including equipment, construction services, design services, advertising and marketing materials,
and that company may derive profits from its sales. Other than ownership in LC Construction of Atlanta,
Inc., which is an approved contractor of Company, none of Company’s officers have an ownership interest
in any suppliers.

Revenue Derived from Suppliers

         Certain suppliers make payments to Company, JMFS and FoodCo based on the volume of purchases
by all JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants. Company, JMFS and FoodCo have the right to retain 100% of all
rebates, commissions or other consideration paid by suppliers and to use them for whatever purposes it elects.
Company currently receives $0.1226 per card transaction facilitated at JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants from a
certain supplier of credit card authorization services, which is subject to change. During 2024, Company
received $16,884,353 in payments from this supplier. Company also currently receives $40 per month, per
JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant that uses certain software, from a human resources software vendor that
franchisees may, but are not required to use. During 2024, Company received $462,320 in payments from
this vendor, but in exchange, Company must perform certain technology support services for the vendor.
JMFS currently receives 8% to 49% of the purchase price of certain products purchased from a furniture and
equipment vendor. During 2024, JMFS received $464,827 in payments from this vendor. FoodCo receives
other payments from suppliers ranging from (a) $0.50 to $6.00 per case, (b) $0.07 to $0.30 per pound, (c)
$5.00 to $13.90 per gallon, and (d) 10% to 26% of the purchase price of certain products purchased from one
of the suppliers. During 2024, FoodCo received $138,258,671 in payments from suppliers based on
Restaurants’ purchases.
                                                         24
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
