as the parties agree in writing. If Franchisor exercises its right of first refusal, it may set off all amounts
due from Franchisee or any of its Affiliates (including, if applicable, all fees charged by the appraiser)
against any payment for the interest to be purchased.

         A decision of Franchisor not to exercise the right of first refusal granted by this Section 19.7 will
not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, including all of the requirements of Section
19, with respect to a proposed Transfer. If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first refusal on any
particular offer, any material change in the terms of the offer before closing will constitute a new offer
subject to the same right of first refusal by Franchisor as in the case of the initial offer.

       19.8         Purchase Upon Franchisee’s Death or Disability.

                    a. This Section 19.8 applies only if (i) a Controlling Principal dies or becomes
                       Permanently Disabled (defined in Section 31), and (ii) the death or Permanent
                       Disability results in a change in executive-level responsibility for managing the
                       Franchised Restaurant.

                    b. Upon the occurrence of an event described in Section 19.8(a), a Principal of Franchisee
                       shall notify Franchisor of the event and indicate Franchisee’s intention of continuing
                       to operate the Restaurant according to this Section 19.8(b). During the first one
                       hundred twenty (120) days after the death or Permanent Disability occurs, Franchisor
                       will evaluate the interim management’s willingness and ability to operate the
                       Franchised Restaurant in compliance with this Agreement. By the end of the one
                       hundred twenty (120)-day evaluation period, Franchisor will decide whether the
                       interim management is qualified to manage the Franchised Restaurant and become its
                       Controlling Principal, and will notify Franchisee’s known Principals of its decision.
                       As conditions to continuing the Franchise relationship, each Principal shall furnish
                       Franchisor a signed Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations and any deficiency in
                       Franchisee’s compliance with the requirements of this Agreement shall be cured.
                       Further, Franchisor may require the new Controlling Principal or designated manager
                       to attend and satisfactorily complete the Franchisor’s initial training program.

                    c. If any of the conditions stated in Section 19.8(b) are not satisfied, or if Franchisor
                       decides that the interim management has not adequately demonstrated its business
                       qualifications or commitment to the franchise relationship, the surviving Principals
                       will have one hundred twenty (120) days after delivery of Franchisor’s notice to (i)
                       locate a new Controlling Principal who is acceptable to Franchisor or (ii) sign a binding
                       contract to sell the Franchise or a Controlling Interest in the Franchise to a buyer
                       approved by Franchisor in accordance with, and in a transaction structured to comply
                       with, Section 19.2 or 19.4, whichever is applicable. The proposed sale will be subject
                       to Franchisor’s right of first refusal under Section 19.7.

                    d. If any of the Franchise’s Principals fail to sign a binding contract of sale before the one
                       hundred twenty (120)-day selling period expires, or (i) if a contract is signed, but the
                       proposed sale is not concluded within thirty (30) days after Franchisor relinquishes its
                       option under Section 19.7, Franchisor will have an additional option during the next
                       following thirty (30) days to purchase the interest the deceased or Permanently
                       Disabled person held at the date of death or Permanent Disability. Franchisor has the
                       unrestricted right to assign the purchase right outlined in this Section 19.8. The
                       purchase price for the interest will be its fair market value, determined through
                                                    35
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
