                   “THE STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS UNDER NORTH DAKOTA LAW
                   APPLY WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING UNDER THE NORTH
                   DAKOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW.”

        7.        The following is added as Section 18.7(c) to the Franchise Agreement:

                   “The parties acknowledge that certain parts of the Section 18.7 might not be
                   enforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Law. However, Franchisee agrees
                   to enforce the provision of Section 18.7 to the extent the law allows.”

        8.         The following is added to Section 2.2(g), Section 19.2(d), Section 19.2(h), and Section
19.4(d) of the Franchise Agreement:

                   “If Franchisee is required in the Franchise Agreement to execute a release of claims
                   or to acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial review any
                   statement, misrepresentation or action that would violate the Law, or a rule or order
                   under the Law, such release shall exclude claims arising under the North Dakota
                   Franchise Investment Law, and such acknowledgments shall be void with respect
                   to claims under the Law.”

         9.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the
jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, with respect to each such
provision, are met independent of this Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such
jurisdictional requirements are not met.

        10.      As to any state law described in this Amendment that declares void or unenforceable any
provision contained in the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor reserves the right to challenge the
enforceability of the state law by, among other things, bringing an appropriate legal action or by raising the
claim in a legal action or arbitration that you have initiated.

                                               (Signature page to follow)




A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
