          14 Additional Funds.
                             This amount is Company’s estimate of what you will need to cover the gap
between your revenues and your operating expenses, including employee’s salaries during your first three
months of operation. These estimates do not include costs you may incur for debt service, living expenses,
or your own salary, if you manage the Restaurant.
          15 Experience; Financing. In preparing these figures, Company has relied upon its and its affiliates’

30-plus years of experience in operating JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants. These numbers do not include any
international, non-traditional, standalone, or drive-thru locations.

         Company does not offer, either directly or indirectly, financing to you for any items, unless you are
a participant in the Coach Rod Smith Program. Please refer to Item 10 for more details regarding the Coach
Rod Smith Program. However, Company may provide assistance to you in obtaining financing. The initial
cash required may also be reduced by utilization of various lending programs or a leasing program for the
restaurant equipment.

ITEM 8.             RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Specifications and Standards

         You must operate the Restaurant according to Company’s mandatory specifications, standards,
operating procedures and rules prescribed by Company for the System (the “System Standards”). Company
may provide you with specifications for brands and types of food and beverage preparation, dispensing,
storage and display equipment, cash registers and other equipment, fixtures, exterior and interior signs and
decorating accessories required to meet Company’s System Standards for the Franchised Restaurant.
Specifications may include minimum standards for performance, warranties, design, appearance and local
zoning, sign and other restrictions. Company’s System Standards for purchasing are set out in the Manual,
as modified; they may be based upon Company’s experience, industry research, market analysis and taste
testing by Company and franchisees. Company may revise or supplement the list as it deems necessary.

           Company will provide you a list of approved manufacturers, suppliers and distributors and
approved food and non-food products, recipes, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery and supplies and other
items or services necessary to operate the Franchised Restaurant. Company may revise or supplement the
list, as it deems advisable.

         All sandwiches and other designated food products must be prepared by you in accordance with
recipes, cooking techniques and processes designated by Company.

         In the operation of your Restaurant, you must use only displays, trays, boxes, bags, wrapping paper,
labels, forms and other paper and plastic products imprinted with the trade names, trademarks and service
marks and colors which are required or approved by Company.

         You are prohibited from making material alterations to the Restaurant or material replacements of or
alterations to the equipment, fixtures or signs without prior written approval by Company.

         Before beginning operation of the Franchised Restaurant, you must adequately supply the Restaurant
with a representative inventory as required by Company of an assortment of ingredients, food and beverage
products and other products, materials and supplies. You will at all times maintain a product and supply
inventory which is sufficient to meet public demand and as otherwise required by Company in the Manual.
You must maintain your meat case display in the Restaurant area at full capacity according to Company’s
System Standards.




                                                       21
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
