    23. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
         23.1    Developer represents and acknowledges that it has received, read and understood this
Agreement and Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document; and that Franchisor has fully and adequately
explained the provisions of each to Developer’s satisfaction; and that Franchisor has accorded Developer
ample time and opportunity to consult with advisors of its own choosing about the potential benefits and
risks of entering into this Agreement.
         23.2     Developer further acknowledges that Developer has received the disclosure document
required by the Trade Regulation Rule of the Federal Trade Commission at least fourteen (14) calendar days
prior to the date on which this Agreement was signed.
        23.3    Developer has been advised to consult with its own advisors with respect to the legal,
financial and other aspects of this Agreement, the business franchised hereby, and the prospects for that
business. Developer has either consulted with such advisors or has deliberately declined to do so.
        23.4    The covenants not to compete described in this Agreement are fair and reasonable, and do
not impose any undue hardship on Developer, since Developer has other considerable skills, experience and
education which afford Developer the opportunity to derive income from other endeavors.
        23.5    Developer affirms that all information described in any and all applications, financial
statements and submissions to Franchisor is true, complete and accurate in all respects, with Developer
expressly acknowledging that Franchisor is relying upon the truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of such
information.
          23.6    Developer has conducted an independent investigation of the business contemplated by this
Agreement and recognizes that, like any other business, an investment in a JERSEY MIKE’S Development
Agreement involves business risks and that the success of the venture is primarily dependent upon the business
abilities and efforts of Developer.
         23.7   Developer hereby consents and agrees that any disputes arising between Franchisor and
Developer that are not subject to arbitration must be submitted to trial without jury as provided in Section 17.8
of this Agreement.
         23.8      All rights not expressly granted to Developer by this Agreement are retained by Franchisor.
        23.9    By their signatures, each of Developer’s Principals who signs this Agreement acknowledges
and accepts the duties and obligations imposed upon each of them, individually, by the terms of this
Agreement. All Principals of Developer shall execute the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached
as Exhibit B-1 and made a part of this Agreement.
    24. COUNTERPARTS; VALIDITY OF SIGNATURES
         This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be
delivered via electronic mail (including PDF), Adobe EchoSign or a similar program, or other transmission
method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be
valid and effective for all purposes.


                                             [Signature Page Follows]




                                                        16
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
1264.005.010 / 441124
