hereby waiving to the fullest extent permitted by law, except for claims arising from Franchisee’s obligation
to indemnify Franchisor for third-party claims under Section 21.3 or for claims for treble damages in
appropriate cases under the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §1051 and the sections
following it), any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other). Further, at the
conclusion of the arbitration, the arbitrator shall award to the prevailing party its attorneys’ fees and costs.

         Franchisor and Franchisee agree to be bound by the provisions of any applicable contractual or
statutory limitation provision, whichever expires earlier. Franchisor and Franchisee further agree that, in any
arbitration proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory
counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as
the claim to which it relates. Any claim which is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred. The
arbitrator may not consider any settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by either
Franchisee or Franchisor.

          Franchisor reserves the right, but has no obligation, to advance Franchisee’s share of the costs of any
arbitration proceeding in order for such arbitration proceeding to proceed and by doing so shall not be deemed
to have waived or relinquished Franchisor’s right to seek the recovery of those costs in accordance with the
attorneys’ fees and costs provisions of this Agreement. Franchisor and Franchisee agree that arbitration will
be conducted on an individual basis and that an arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and any of
Franchisor’s Affiliates, or their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, or employees, on the one
hand, and Franchisee (or any of Franchisee’s owners, guarantors, Affiliates, or employees), on the other hand,
may not be: (i) conducted on a class-wide basis, (ii) commenced, conducted or consolidated with any other
arbitration proceeding, (iii) joined with any separate claim of an unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on
Franchisee’s behalf by any association or agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in
this section, if any court or arbitrator determines that all or any part of the preceding sentence is unenforceable
with respect to a dispute that otherwise would be subject to arbitration under this section, then all parties agree
that this arbitration clause shall not apply to that dispute and that such dispute shall be resolved in a judicial
proceeding in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement.

          The provisions of this section are intended to benefit and bind certain third-party non-signatories.

        The provisions of this section will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding
the termination of this Agreement.

       Any provisions of this Agreement below that pertain to judicial proceedings shall be subject to the
agreement to arbitrate contained in this Section.

       27.4      Subject to the obligation to engage in mediation and arbitration, Franchisee acknowledges
and agrees that this Agreement is entered into in Monmouth County, New Jersey and Franchisee agrees that
the following courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claims Franchisee or its Affiliates or other
respective principals may bring against Franchisor, and any of Franchisor’s Affiliates, or their respective
shareholders, officers, directors, agents or employees: (1) the United States District Court for New Jersey; or
(2) the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey for the County of Monmouth. In its discretion, Franchisor
may bring any claim involving a prayer for injunctive relief or other extraordinary relief in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

       27.5      No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to Franchisor or Franchisee by this Agreement
is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive of any other right or remedy in this Agreement or by law or
equity provided or permitted, but each shall be cumulative of every other right or remedy.

                                                   42
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
