          Other than the above action, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

ITEM 4.             BANKRUPTCY

          No bankruptcies are required to be disclosed in this Item.

ITEM 5.             INITIAL FEES

         You will sign an Area Development Agreement regardless of the number of Franchised Restaurants
you elect to develop and operate. When you sign an Area Development Agreement, you must pay to
Company a non-refundable development fee equal to $10,000, multiplied by the number of JERSEY
MIKE’S franchises to be acquired under the Area Development Agreement. All fees paid pursuant to the
Area Development Agreement are fully earned by Company at the time of signing the Area Development
Agreement and are non-refundable, even if you or your designated manager fail to satisfactorily complete
training or find approved locations.

        In addition to the development fee, an initial franchise fee of $20,000 is payable in lump sum and
due each time you sign a Franchise Agreement pursuant to an Area Development Agreement. The initial
franchise fee is non-refundable. You cannot sign a Franchise Agreement without first having executed an
Area Development Agreement. You will sign a Franchise Agreement for each franchised location after you
have delivered to the Company a fully executed lease, accepted by the Company pursuant to the Area
Development Agreement, to secure the applicable premises. Company may elect to permit a franchisee to
use a portion of the fees for marketing assistance, in certain situations as determined solely by Company.

         In addition to the initial franchise fee, you must also pay Company a Grand Opening Advertising
fee in the amount of $10,000, which is payable in lump sum and due when you sign the Franchise
Agreement. This fee will be reduced to $5,000 if you are acquiring a Franchised Restaurant or if you are
relocating your Restaurant (with Company’s approval). The Grand Opening Advertising fee is non-
refundable.

        In its sole discretion, Company may grant certain qualified managers at existing JERSEY MIKE’S
franchises, who wish to own their own JERSEY MIKE’S franchise, the right to participate in the Coach
Rod Smith Program. Participants in the Coach Rod Smith Program will receive financing from JMFS for
the development of their restaurant. If a recipient chooses to participate in the Coach Rod Smith Program,
Company may allow you to finance the initial franchise fee as part of the financing received from JMFS.

         You must also pay Company $4,500 to connect your POS System (as referred to Item 7) to
Company’s private network before opening your Restaurant, the majority of which serves to reimburse
Company for its pre-payment to its designated supplier. In addition, you must pay Company $2,000 per
register for a POS license. The total estimated fee will be $2,000 to $4,000 for 1 to 2 registers.

        These initial fees are typically uniform. This does not mean Company will agree to any discount
or reduction of the initial franchise fee.

        Other than the foregoing, you are not required to pay us or our affiliates any other fees or payments
for goods or services before your Restaurant commences operation.




                                                        8
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
