                              Section in Franchise
      Provision                                                                    Summary
                                   Agreement
k. “Transfer” by you         Section 31              Includes transfer of your assets, any rights under the franchise
definition                                           agreement, or a change of ownership of any interest in an entity which
                                                     owns the franchise.
l. Company’s                 Section 19.1            You only may Transfer your rights with Company’s prior written
approval of transfer                                 approval. Any advertisement for the sale of the Restaurant or the
                                                     franchise must be approved by Company in writing before it is used.
m. Conditions for            Section 19.2            For a transfer to a third party, Company must approve in writing in its
Company’s approval                                   sole and absolute discretion and may condition its consent on certain
of transfer                                          requirements, including, but not limited to: you must be in full
                                                     compliance with agreements with Company and affiliates; transferee
                                                     signs Company’s then current form of Franchise Agreement and
                                                     related agreements and meets Company’s criteria for qualifying as a
                                                     new franchisee; transferee upgrades the Franchised Restaurant to
                                                     meet Company’s then-current System Standards for new Restaurants;
                                                     transferee releases Company from liability for your representations to
                                                     transferee; transferee’s Principals guaranty transferee’s obligations to
                                                     Company; sign a general release of claims against Company and its
                                                     affiliates and representatives; transferee successfully completes
                                                     Company’s training program; transferee applies for acceptance as a
                                                     JERSEY MIKE’S franchisee; transferee demonstrates that it has the
                                                     skills, qualifications, ethics, moral values and economic resources to
                                                     operate the Restaurant; if transferee is an existing JERSEY MIKE’S
                                                     franchisee, transferee must be approved by Company, in its sole and
                                                     absolute discretion, for growth; Company receives a $15,000 transfer
                                                     fee and a $5,000 grand opening advertising fee; you and your affiliates
                                                     and your respective Principals release Company from all claims; you
                                                     comply with the right of first refusal provisions as provided for in the
                                                     Franchise Agreement; the total sales price is not so excessive, in
                                                     Company’s sole determination, that it jeopardizes the continued
                                                     economic viability and future operations of the Restaurant; and give
                                                     Company 90 days’ written notice of the proposed transfer. If you or
                                                     an entity and one of your owners want to transfer his or her interest to
                                                     a third party, you must obtain Company’s approval. If you are
                                                     transferring to an entity owned by you and formed solely for the
                                                     purposes of operating the Franchised Restaurant, you must remain the
                                                     owner of the majority interest of that entity.
n. Company’s right to        Section 19.7            Company has the right of first refusal to purchase a Franchised
acquire your business                                Restaurant which is for sale and for which you have received a good
                                                     faith offer to purchase. Company has 15 Business Days from notice
                                                     of the signed purchase agreement to purchase the Franchised
                                                     Restaurant or its assets at the same terms as contained in the purchase
                                                     agreement or for cash. Company may assign or transfer this right of
                                                     first refusal to JMFS or any of Company’s affiliates.




                                                             51
       A Sub Above, LLC
       2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
       1264.005.010/441109
