such removal. If Franchisor does not elect to remove signs or other distinctive physical and structural
features pursuant to this Section 18.10, Franchisee shall be obligated to do so at its own expense.

      18.11      Franchisor shall have the right (but not the duty), to exercise by notice of intent within
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration, to purchase for cash any or all of Franchisee’s equipment,
supplies, and other inventory at Franchisee’s cost or fair market value, whichever is less. If the parties do
not agree upon the “fair market value,” it shall be determined by one independent accredited appraiser who
will conduct an appraisal and, in doing so, be bound by the criteria specific herein. Franchisor and
Franchisee agree to select the appraiser within fifteen (15) days after Franchisor notifies Franchisee that it
wishes to exercise its purchase option (if Franchisor and Franchisee have not agreed on fair market value
before then). The cost of the appraisal shall be shared equally by Franchisor and Franchisee. The appraiser
must complete its appraisal within thirty (30) days after its appointment. If Franchisor elects to exercise
any option to purchase as permitted by this Agreement, it shall have the right to set off all amounts due
from Franchisee under this Agreement, including without limitation, against its share of the appraisal costs.

      18.12         Franchisee shall comply with the covenants contained in Section 16 of this Agreement.

       18.13      Franchisee shall immediately: (i) cease using or operating any such Online Presence; and
(ii) take any action as may be required to disable, and cancel all rights in and to, any accounts associated
with such Online Presence, or transfer exclusive control and access of such Online Presence to Franchisor,
as Franchisor determines in its sole discretion.

   19.    TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST

      19.1       Limitations on Transfer. Franchisee acknowledges that the integrity of the JERSEY
MIKE’S® brand and the stability of the System and Marks depends on the business qualifications, financial
capabilities, honesty and integrity of Franchisor’s franchisees. Franchisee further acknowledges that
Franchisor’s lack of opportunity to evaluate and approve each potential franchisee’s qualifications and the
terms of each proposed Transfer (defined in Section 31) could irreparably damage the System.
Consequently, Franchisee agrees not to effectuate a Transfer, except as permitted by Section 19, and in any
such case, without Franchisor’s prior written consent. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer lacking
Franchisor’s prior written consent or that otherwise violates the restrictions in this Section 19 will be
ineffective against Franchisor and, without limiting Franchisor’s remedies, shall constitute a default under
Section 17. Any advertisement for the Transfer (“sale”) of the Restaurant or the franchise must be approved
by Franchisor in writing before it is used.

      19.2       Conditions to Voluntary Transfer of Rights. Neither Franchisee nor any Principal (defined
in Section 31) shall effectuate an Asset Transfer (defined in Section 31) before the Franchised Restaurant
opens for business under any circumstances. After the Franchised Restaurant opens for business, any Asset
Transfer will be subject to Franchisor’s prior written consent, in its sole and absolute discretion. Franchisor
may condition its consent on compliance with certain requirements, including, without limitation, any of
the following (which Franchisee agrees are reasonable):

                    a. At the time of Asset Transfer, Franchisee is in full compliance with Franchisee’s
                       obligations under this Agreement and all other agreements between Franchisee and
                       Franchisor and its Affiliates, including payment of all monetary obligations due
                       Franchisor and its Affiliates;

                    b. The transferee executes Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement,
                       Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, and other collateral agreements Franchisor
                                                  31
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
