                         and Development Fund at any time. The Corporate Advertising and Development Fund
                         shall not be terminated, however, until all monies in the Corporate Advertising and
                         Development Fund have been expended for advertising and promotional purposes.

                    d. Franchisor shall cause each of its Affiliate-owned JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants,
                       including Restaurants owned or controlled by directors and officers of Franchisor, to
                       make payments to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund which are
                       equivalent to the payments required of Franchised Restaurants based upon the date on
                       which each Affiliate-owned Restaurant opened for business.

                    e. Franchisor may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, waive payments to the Corporate
                       Advertising and Development Fund, in whole or in part, for locations with limited access
                       Restaurants, including, but not limited to, resorts, stadiums, hospitals, airports, casinos,
                       college campuses and highway rest stops and waive their participation in such programs.
                       In its sole discretion, Franchisor may reduce or forgive amounts owed to the Corporate
                       Advertising and Development Fund by Franchisees. Moreover, if Franchisor is
                       persuaded that a franchisee is unable to timely pay amounts owed to the Corporate
                       Advertising and Development Fund, with or without resorting to litigation, Franchisor
                       may compromise amounts owed and, in its discretion, direct amounts received from such
                       franchisees to its Continuing Royalty Fee account, rather than to the Corporate
                       Advertising and Development Fund.

                    f.   An accounting summary of the operations of the Corporate Advertising and
                         Development Fund shall be prepared annually and shall be made available to Franchisee
                         upon written request. Franchisor reserves the right, at its sole option, to have an audit of
                         the operation of the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund prepared by an
                         independent certified public accountant selected by Franchisor and prepared at the
                         expense of the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund.

      10.5        In addition to any payments and expenditures required by Sections 10.4. and 10.6, Franchisee
shall pay four percent (4.0%) of Franchisee’s Gross Receipts to the National Media Fund. Franchisee’s
required payments to the National Media Fund shall be made at the same time and in the same manner as, and
in addition to, the Continuing Royalty Fee provided in Section 11. Upon ninety (90) days’ written notice,
Franchisor may change the amount of Franchisee’s contribution to the National Media Fund, provided,
however, that in no event shall Franchisee’s payments to the Corporate Advertising and Development Fund,
National Media Fund, and Cooperative Advertising Fund exceed six percent (6%) of Franchisee’s Gross
Receipts. Franchisor may reallocate funds in the National Media Fund to the Corporate Advertising and
Development Fund or the Cooperative Advertising Fund in its sole and absolute discretion.

        The National Media Fund shall be maintained and administered by Franchisor or its designee, as
follows:

                    a. Franchisee agrees that the National Media Fund shall be used to pay for the costs of
                       placing advertisements, including, but not limited to, print, radio, television, billboards,
                       or Internet (or other Online Presence), with national messaging throughout the various
                       advertising coverage areas that Franchisor serves. Franchisor shall administer the
                       National Media Fund and may determine the form and amount of expenditures made
                       through the National Media Fund, including administrative fees for the services which
                       Franchisor provides. Franchisor and its designee undertake no obligation in
                       administering the National Media Fund to make expenditures for Franchisee which are
                                                      11
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
