         We formed an informal National Franchisee Advisory Council (“NFAC”) to, among other things,
foster and promote the interests of franchisees and work with us to align interests for the mutual benefit of
the JERSEY MIKE’S brand. The NFAC is not organized or incorporated under any state law and did not
request that it be included in this Disclosure Document. The NFAC is composed of five (5) elected
members who must be current franchisees in good standing and two (2) “Of Council” members appointed
by Company. Company manages the election process. Every two years, each franchisee will have one vote
to elect one member to serve on the NFAC for a 24-month term, with the terms staggered such that the
terms of two members end in one year and the terms of three members end the following year. The NFAC
will not have any power to make decisions or veto our decisions concerning the JERSEY MIKE’S system
and will serve in an advisory capacity only. Company is not aware of any other trademark specific
franchisee organizations associated with the franchise system being offered in this Disclosure Document.

ITEM 12.            TERRITORY

Area Development Agreement

         The Designated Territory granted in an Area Development Agreement may be defined by criteria
such as (but not limited to) zip code boundaries, county boundaries, highways, physical landforms, city or
municipality boundaries and other factors Company deems appropriate. Company defines the specific
nature of the Designated Territory on a map attached to the Summary Pages of the Area Development
Agreement. You will search for and select sites which Company must approve for Franchised Restaurants
in the Designated Territory. Company’s approval of a site for a Franchised Restaurant is conditioned on
then-current factors, including site demographics, proximity to other businesses, neighborhood character,
the size and appearance of the premises to be leased, and other characteristics and criteria that may
periodically change. If you (and your affiliates, as applicable) are in compliance with all obligations under
the Area Development Agreement and all Franchise Agreements then in effect for the construction,
development and operation of Franchised Restaurants, then during the term of the Area Development
Agreement, Company (and its affiliates) will not establish and/or operate, or grant to others the right to
establish and/or operate, JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants that have physical locations within the Designated
Territory (except with regard to Non-Traditional Venues, as described below).

         If a location within the Designated Territory for a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant becomes available
at or within a “Non-Traditional Venues,” such as special-use, captive-market facility, including
transportation facilities such as airports, train stations, subways, and rail and bus stations, gas stations or
convenience stores, hotels, military bases and government offices, sports facilities (including stadiums and
arenas), casinos, amusement parks, museums, zoos, convention centers, car and truck rest stops, travel
centers, educational facilities, recreational theme parks, hospitals, and business or industrial foodservice
venues, Company (or its affiliate(s)) has the right to pursue the Non-Traditional Venue opportunity and
establish, or franchise or license another to establish, a Restaurant at or within that Non-Traditional Venue.
Company and/or its affiliates have the right to engage in, and grant to others the right to engage in, any and
all other activities of any nature whatsoever, within and throughout the Designated Territory,

         You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that Company and/or its affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
businesses that may be controlled by Company and/or its affiliates within the Designated Territory.

Franchise Agreement

         Under the Franchise Agreement, you are granted the right to operate a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant
at a specific location (“Designated Area”) described in the Franchise Agreement. Company and its affiliates
will not, as long as the Franchise Agreement is in effect and you are not in default, enfranchise or operate
a Company-owned or franchised JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant, within your Designated Area as assigned
in the Franchise Agreement, with the following exception: Company reserves the right to place company-
owned or franchised Restaurants at Non-Traditional Venues within your Designated Area. Company may
                                                      43
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
