within a reasonable time after receipt of written notice of default has been received by Franchisor shall be
deemed a termination by Franchisee without cause.

     17.2        This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon delivery of notice of termination to
Franchisee, if Franchisee or its owners(s), officer(s), or key employee(s):

                    a. Fails to decorate and equip the Premises (specifically including mandatory upgrades)
                       as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, or fails to satisfactorily complete the
                       training program as provided in Section 5 of this Agreement;

                    b. Has made any material misrepresentation or omission in its application for the
                       franchise;

                    c. Is convicted of or pleads no contest to a felony or to any other crime or offense that is
                       likely to adversely affect the reputation of Franchisor, Franchisee or the JERSEY
                       MIKE’S System;

                    d. Makes any unauthorized use, disclosure or duplication of any portion of the Manual or
                       duplicates or discloses or makes any unauthorized use of any trade secret or
                       confidential information provided to Franchisee by Franchisor;

                    e. Abandons or fails or refuses to actively operate the Franchised Restaurant for two (2)
                       days in any twelve (12) month period, unless the Franchised Restaurant has been closed
                       for a purpose approved by Franchisor, or fails to relocate to approved Premises within
                       an approved period of time following expiration or termination of the lease for the
                       Premises;

                    f.   Surrenders or transfers Control (defined in Section 31) of the operation of the JERSEY
                         MIKE’S Franchised Restaurant, makes an unauthorized direct or indirect Transfer
                         (defined in Section 31) or fails or refuses to assign the franchise or the interest in
                         Franchisee of a deceased or disabled Controlling Principal as required by this
                         Agreement;

                    g. Submits to Franchisor on two (2) or more separate occasions at any time during the
                       term of the franchise any reports or other data, information or supporting records which
                       understate by more than three percent (3%) the Continuing Royalty Fees for any
                       weekly period and Franchisee is unable to demonstrate to Franchisor’s satisfaction
                       within seven (7) days that such understatements resulted from inadvertent error;

                    h. Acknowledges that Franchisee is unable to pay its debts as they come due or commits
                       any other affirmative act of insolvency, or files any petition or action of insolvency, or
                       for appointment of a receiver or trustee, files a petition in bankruptcy or makes any
                       assignment for the benefit of creditors, or fails to vacate or dismiss within sixty (60)
                       days after filing any such proceedings commenced against Franchisee by a third party;

                    i.   Is subject to a dismissal of a liquidation proceeding according to 11 U.S.C. Section
                         707, dismissal of a reorganization proceeding according to 11 U.S.C. Section 1112,
                         revocation of an order of confirmation according to 11 U.S.C. Section 1330(b) or
                         dismissal of a debt adjustment proceeding according to 11 U.S.C. Section 1307;


                                                    26
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
