                                       ADDENDUM TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                          DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                                        FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA


1.       The following language is added to Item 13 of the Disclosure Document:

                   “Provided you have complied with all provisions of the Franchise Agreement
                   applicable to the Marks, Company will protect your rights to use the Marks and
                   Company also will indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses from any
                   claims, suits or demands regarding your use of the Marks in accordance with Minn.
                   Stat. Sec. 80C.12 Subd. 1(g).”

2.       The Item 6 line item of the Disclosure Document entitled “Liquidated Damages” will not be
         enforced to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

3.       The following language is added to Item 17 of the Disclosure Document:

                   “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Company will comply
                   with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except
                   in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60
                   days to cure) of the Franchise Agreement and 180 days' notice for non-renewal of
                   the Franchise Agreement.

                   Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibits Company from
                   requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury
                   trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or
                   judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document, Franchise
                   Agreement, and the Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of
                   your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter 80C, or your rights
                   to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
                   Those provisions also provide that no condition, stipulations or provision in the
                   Franchise Agreement and the Area Development Agreement will in any way
                   abrogate or reduce any of your rights under the Minnesota Franchises Law,
                   including, if applicable, the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts
                   of Minnesota.

                   Any release as a condition of renewal and/or transfer/assignment will not apply to
                   the extent prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising under Minn.
                   Rule 2860.4400D.”

                                (The rest of this section has been left blank intentionally)




A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
