                                  AMENDMENT TO A SUB ABOVE, LLC
                                  AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
                                    FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS

        THIS AMENDMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into by and between A Sub
Above, LLC (“Franchisor”) and                                    (“Developer” or “You”). Franchisor and
Developer are parties that certain Area Development Agreement dated _________________, 20__ (the
“Development Agreement”). This Amendment is annexed to and forms part of the Development
Agreement. This Amendment is being signed because (a) any of the offering or sales activity relating to
the Development Agreement occurred in Illinois and the Franchised Restaurants that You will develop
under the Development Agreement will be located in Illinois, and/or (b) You are domiciled in Illinois.

         ILLINOIS LAW MODIFICATIONS

        1.       The Illinois Attorney General’s Office requires that certain provisions contained in
franchise documents be amended to be consistent with Illinois law, including the Franchise Disclosure Act
of 1987, Ill. Rev. Stat. ch. 815 para. 705/1 - 705/44 (1994) (the “Act”). To the extent that this Amendment
contains provisions that are inconsistent with the Development Agreement, the terms of this Amendment
shall govern such inconsistency.

        2.       Sections 705/19 and 705/20 of the Act provide rights to Developer concerning nonrenewal
and termination of the Development Agreement. If the Development Agreement contains a provision that
is inconsistent with the Act, the Act will control.

        3.      Any release of claims or acknowledgments of fact contained in the Development
Agreement that would negate or remove from judicial review any statement, misrepresentation or action
that would violate the Act, or a rule or order under the Act shall be void and are hereby deleted with respect
to claims under the Act.

         4.        The following language is added to the end of Section 17.8 of the Development Agreement:

                   “However, this Section 17 shall not act as a condition, stipulation or provision
                   purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with
                   any provision of the Act or any other law of the State of Illinois. Illinois law shall
                   govern this Agreement. Section 4 of the Act provides that any provision in a
                   development agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside of the State
                   of Illinois is void; however, a development agreement may provide for arbitration
                   in a venue outside of the State of Illinois.”

         6       Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the
jurisdictional requirements of the Act, with respect to each such provision, are met independent of this
Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements are not met.

        7.       As to any state law described in this Amendment that declares void or unenforceable any
provision contained in the Development Agreement, Franchisor reserves the right to challenge the
enforceability of the state law by, among other things, bringing an appropriate legal action or by raising the
claim in a legal action or arbitration that you have initiated.




A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. M – 2025_12 State Addenda
1264.005.010/441106
