construed together and constitute the entire, full and complete agreement between Franchisor and
Franchisee concerning its subject matter, and supersede all prior agreements. With the exception of the
Disclosure Document described in Section 33.2, no other representation has induced Franchisee to execute
this Agreement, and there are no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements oral or otherwise,
between the parties not embodied specifically in this Agreement, which are of any force or effect with
reference to this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement or in any related agreement, however, is intended
to disclaim the representations Franchisor made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that Franchisor
furnished to Franchisee. Except for those changes which Franchisor may make unilaterally, consistent with
this Agreement, no amendment, change or variance from this Agreement shall be binding on either party
unless signed in writing by both parties.

   26.    SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION; SURVIVAL

       26.1       Each paragraph, part, term and/or provision of Agreement shall be considered severable,
and if, for any reason, any paragraph, part, term and/or provision of this Agreement is determined to be
invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with any existing or future law or regulation, such shall not impair the
operation of or affect the remaining portions, paragraphs, parts, terms and/or provisions of this Agreement,
and the latter will continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties; and said invalid paragraphs,
parts, terms and/or provisions shall be deemed not part of this Agreement; provided, however, that if
Franchisor determines that said findings of illegality adversely affects the basic consideration of this
Agreement, Franchisor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement.

       26.2     Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed, to
confer upon any person or legal entity other than Franchisor or Franchisee and such of their respective
successors and assigns as may be contemplated by this Agreement, and rights or remedies under or by reason
of this Agreement.

      26.3      Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing the maximum
duty permitted by law which is contained within the terms of any provision of this Agreement, as though it
were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may result from striking from any of the
provisions or any portion or portions which a court may hold to be unreasonable and unenforceable in a final
decision to which Franchisor is a party, or from reducing the scope of any promise or covenant to the extent
required to comply with such a court order.

      26.4       All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and
none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. The singular
usage includes the plural and the masculine and neuter usages include the other and the feminine.

      26.5          This Agreement may be signed in multiple copies, and each copy so signed shall be deemed
an original.

      26.6       The introductory recitals described in this Agreement are specifically incorporated into the
terms of this Agreement and hereby constitute a material part of this Agreement.

      26.7      The provisions of this Agreement relating to confidentiality, non-competition, and
indemnification, including but not limited to Sections 8, 16, and 21 of this Agreement shall survive any
termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason.

      26.8     Franchisee agrees that whenever this Agreement allows or requires Franchisor to take
actions or make decisions, Franchisor may in doing so exercise its sole and unfettered discretion, even if
                                                  39
A Sub Above, LLC
Ex. C – 2025_12 Franchise Agreement
1264.005.010/441111
