 under each Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to this Agreement will be Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars
 (US$20,000).

          1.3     For as long as Developer (and its Affiliates, as applicable) is fully complying with all of its
 obligations under this Agreement and all franchise agreements then in effect between Franchisor and
 Developer (and its Affiliates, as applicable) for the construction, development, and operation of JERSEY
 MIKE’S Restaurant(s), then during this Agreement’s term only, Franchisor (and its Affiliates) will not—
 except as is permitted below at or within Non-Traditional Venues—establish and operate, or grant to others
 the right to establish and operate, JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants that have their physical locations within
 the Designated Territory.

        The exception referenced above to Developer’s exclusive right to establish JERSEY MIKE’S
 Restaurants having their physical locations within the Designated Territory is as follows:

          If a location within the Designated Territory for a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant becomes available
 at or within a Non-Traditional Venue, then Franchisor (or its Affiliates) has the right without restriction to
 pursue the particular Non-Traditional Venue opportunity and establish, or franchise or license another to
 establish, a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant at or within that Non-Traditional Venue. Franchisor’s, its
 Affiliate’s, or another franchisee’s or licensee’s establishment and operation of a JERSEY MIKE’S
 Restaurant at or within a Non-Traditional Venue in the Designated Territory will not count toward
 Developer’s compliance with the Development Schedule.

           In this Agreement, a “Non-Traditional Venue” is defined to mean a special-use, captive-market
 facility, including transportation facilities such as airports, train stations, subways, and rail and bus stations,
 gas stations or convenience stores, hotels, military bases and government offices, sports facilities (including
 stadiums and arenas), casinos, amusement parks, museums, zoos, convention centers, car and truck rest
 stops, travel centers, educational facilities, recreational theme parks, hospitals, and business or industrial
 foodservice venues.

          1.4      The location exclusivity described in Section 1.3 above (with the exception for Non-
 Traditional Venues) is the only restriction on Franchisor’s (and its Affiliates’) activities within the
 Designated Territory during this Agreement’s term. Franchisor and its Affiliates have the right to engage,
 and grant to others the right to engage, in any and all other activities of any nature whatsoever within and
 throughout the Designated Territory. After this Agreement is terminated (regardless of the reason for
 termination), Franchisor and its Affiliates have the right, without any restrictions whatsoever, to (a)
 establish and operate, and grant to others the right to establish and operate, JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurants
 having their physical locations within the Designated Territory and (b) continue to engage, and grant to
 others the right to engage, in any other activities Franchisor (and its Affiliates) desire within and throughout
 the Designated Territory.

        1.5  This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement, and Developer shall have no right to operate
 a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant by virtue of this Agreement.

         1.6     Developer shall have no right under this Agreement to license or sublicense others to
 operate a business or use the System or the Marks.

     2. DEVELOPMENT FEE
         2.1     As consideration for the rights and options granted by this Agreement, Developer shall pay
to Franchisor the Development Fee described on the Summary Pages. The Development Fee is payable to
Franchisor upon execution of this Agreement, is fully earned by Franchisor upon execution of this
Agreement, and is non-refundable. No part of the Development Fee is applied toward the Initial Franchise
Fees due for the Restaurant(s) to be developed under this Agreement.
                                                          2
 A Sub Above, LLC
 Ex. B – 2025_12 Area Development Agreement
 1264.005.010 / 441124
