through any third-party vendors (for example, companies that facilitate online ordering, deliveries or
catering orders), Company or its designated agents have the right to access all sales records and other
records of such vendor and may request and receive such records directly from the vendor without your
consent. Company also may have an independent audit made of your books at Company’s expense. If an
inspection reveals a discrepancy in the amount of payments made by you to Company, then you must
immediately pay Company any amounts owed, as well as interest on the unreported receipts at the
maximum rate permitted by law. Upon discovery of a discrepancy of 2% or more of your Gross Receipts
for any payment period, you are also required to pay and reimburse Company for all expenses connected
with this inspection, including reasonable accounting and legal fees.
          7 Operation of the Franchised Restaurant in Case of Your Default. If you are notified of a default
under the Franchise Agreement and fail to cure this default within 20 days after receipt of written notice,
Company may, at its option, operate the Franchised Restaurant until the default is cured. You must pay a
service fee of $125 per hour (or any higher rate published in the Manual plus expenses to Company for
services rendered as a result of this action. You will indemnify and hold harmless Company and any
representative of Company who may operate the Franchised Restaurant, respecting any acts and omissions
that Company may perform, or fail to perform, regarding your interests or those of third parties.
          8 Late Fees.If you fail to pay when due any Continuing Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions,
amounts due for purchases by you from Company or its affiliates, or other amounts due to Company or its
affiliates, these amounts will bear interest at the highest applicable lawful rate for open account business
credit, not to exceed 1.5% per month from the date the payment was due. If your payments under the
Franchise Agreement are 5 days or more late, you must pay Company the greater of $25 or 5% of the
amount due, per occurrence.

         Company has the sole discretion to apply any payments by you to any past due indebtedness of
yours for Continuing Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, purchases from Company and its affiliates,
interest or any other indebtedness.

        Company is not obligated to accept from you any payments after they are due, extend credit to you
or otherwise finance your operation of the Franchised Restaurant.
          9 Supplier/Supplies Approval.   If you wish to sell or use any product which is not on Company’s
Approved Supplies List or purchase any product from a supplier that is not on Company’s Approved
Suppliers List, you must notify Company in writing and, if requested, submit samples and other information
for inspection and testing. You or the proposed supplier will pay the reasonable cost of the inspection and
evaluation and the actual cost of the test.
          10 General Contractor and Architect Approval.       If you wish to utilize a general contractor or
architect who is not on Company’s Approved Contractor List or Approved Architect List, you must notify
Company in writing prior to commencement of store construction, or relocation of your existing Restaurant,
to obtain approval for the general contractor or architect. If Company approves your general contractor and
architect, you will have to pay Company $5,000 for each general contractor or architect approved to cover
the costs for Company’s construction department to communicate construction specifications with your
general contractor and architect and to make periodic site visits. Such fee may be waived in Company’s
sole and absolute discretion.
          11 Operation of the Franchised Restaurant in Case of Your Absence, Incapacity or Death. You must

also reimburse Company for all expenses incurred, including a fee of $125 per hour (or any higher rate
published in the Manual), plus expenses if Company or its representative operates the Franchised Restaurant
if you are unable to operate your business by reason of illness, incapacity or death. You will indemnify and
hold harmless Company and any representative of Company who will temporarily operate the Franchised
Restaurant from any claims from the acts and omissions of Company and its representative.

                                                     15
A Sub Above, LLC
2025_12 Franchise Disclosure Document
1264.005.010/441109
