     Advertising—Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are approximately $254,600,000,
     $235,637,000, and $204,283,000 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

     Income Taxes—Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC is considered to be a disregarded entity for
     federal and state income tax purposes. As a result, the Company does not incur US federal income
     taxes and only incurs minimal state taxes.

     Additionally, JM Carolina, LLC, JM Penn, LLC, JM SPV Guarantor, LLC, Jersey Mike’s Funding, LLC, A Sub
     Above, LLC, JM 75, LLC, Farnborough, LLC, JM Monroeville LLC, JM Shippensburg LLC, JM Glendale LLC,
     JM Muncie LLC, JM Greensburg LLC, JM Willis LLC, JM Gray Street LLC, JM Vancouver WA LLC, JM
     Simsbury LLC, JM Newington LLC, JM Southington LLC, JM Laguna Woods LLC, JM Katella Ave LLC, JM
     Santa Clara LLC, JM Mountain View LLC, JM Sunnyvale LLC, JM Brandywine LLC, JM Hampstead LLC, JM
     Columbia MD LLC, JM Century LLC, JM Emerson LLC, JM Tigard LLC, JM Fairmount LLC, JM Townline LLC,
     JM Somerset LLC, JM Tomball LLC, JM Palmer LLC, JM NE 10th Ave LLC, JM Avon LLC, JM Hillsboro LLC,
     JM Litchfield LLC, JM Mexico LLC, and JM Gift Card Operating Co. LLC are all wholly owned subsidiaries
     of Jersey Mike’s Franchise Systems, LLC and are also considered disregarded entities for federal and
     state income tax purposes.

     The Company and its subsidiaries’ earnings and losses are ultimately included in the consolidated
     income tax returns of Jersey Mike’s Inc, the Company’s parent. Jersey Mike’s Inc has elected, under the
     Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”), to be taxed as a Subchapter “S” corporation where in lieu of incurring
     entity level corporation income taxes, the Company’s taxable income is included on the personal
     income tax returns of the shareholders.

     The accompanying consolidated statements of income only includes a provision for minimal state
     income taxes which represents the minimum taxes including franchise and net worth taxes that are due
     to the various states in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate in.

     Jersey Shore Construction, LLC has elected, under the IRC, to be taxed as a Subchapter “S” corporation.
     Accordingly, this entity’s taxable income is included on the personal income tax returns of the
     shareholders in lieu of incurring entity level corporation income taxes.

     2251 Landmark Place, LLC has elected to be taxed under the provisions of Subchapter “K” partnership
     rules of the IRC for federal income tax purposes, as well as under the provisions of the respective states
     law. Accordingly, this entity’s taxable income is included on the personal income tax returns of the
     Members in lieu of incurring entity level corporation income taxes.

     In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities; as of the
     date of this report, the Company has no open examinations.

     Financial Instruments—The Company’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
     equivalents (including restricted cash), accounts receivable, notes receivable, notes payable, accounts
     payable, and accrued expenses. These are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. Refer below
     for considerations of long-term debt.

3.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

     Level 1—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or
     liabilities in active markets that the plan has the ability to access. Such inputs include quoted prices in
     active markets for identical assets or liabilities.




                                                      - 13 -
