1.

THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we”, “our” or “us” means Arby’s Franchisor,
LLC, the franchisor. “You” means the person or entity that acquires the franchise. If you are a
corporation, limited liability company or other entity, then we may require your principals to sign
the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached to the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit D),
which means that all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement also will apply to them.
We are a limited liability company organized in Delaware on July 2, 2015. We do business under
the brand name “Arby’s”. We have offered franchises for Arby’s Restaurants (defined below)
since November 2015. As of December 29, 2024, there were 3,365 Arby’s restaurants operating
in the United States (2,286 franchised and 1,079 company-owned), and 231 franchised Arby’s
restaurants operating internationally and in Puerto Rico.
We have never operated an Arby’s Restaurant or offered franchises in any other line of business.
We have no other business activities except those described here. Our principal business
address is Three Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. If we have an agent for service
of process in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit H.
The Arby’s Restaurant Franchise Opportunity
We grant franchises for, and some of our affiliates operate, restaurants featuring our deli-inspired
sandwiches and related items that operate under our trademarks, service marks and tradenames
(the “Trademarks”) and our system, all of which may change periodically (“Arby’s Restaurants”).
The Arby's brand purpose is Inspiring Smiles Through Delightful Experiences™. Arby's delivers
on its purpose by celebrating the art of Meatcraft® with a variety of high-quality proteins and
innovative, crave-able sides, such as curly fries and jamocha shakes. Arby's Fast Crafted®
restaurant services feature a unique blend of quick-service speed combined with the quality and
made-for-you care of fast casual. We call the Arby’s Restaurant that you will operate under the
Franchise Agreement your “Restaurant.”
This disclosure document contains information regarding the following 2 types of Arby’s
Restaurants: (1) traditional full-menu, limited service Arby’s Restaurants, which could be in freestanding locations, convenience stores, travel plazas, truck stops, travel plaza/convenience store
combos, end cap and inline locations, and malls (“Traditional Restaurants”), the vast majority of
which include a drive-thru window; and (2) limited menu, limited size and reduced service
restaurants intended to meet consumer demand in locations that may not support a full menu
and/or full size restaurant (“Non-Traditional Restaurants”). A Non-Traditional Restaurant
generally occupies a smaller retail space, offers no or very limited seating and may cater to a
captive audience, may have a limited menu and may possibly feature reduced services, labor,
storage and different hours of operation. Non-Traditional Restaurant locations include airports,
military bases, hospitals, service plazas, stadiums, theme/amusement parks and arenas which
have no seating or shared seating, casinos, colleges, universities, and other institutional facilities
which have common area seating.
Before signing the Franchise Agreement, you must sign a Development Agreement (Exhibit C).
If you will open only one Arby’s Restaurant, the Development Agreement covers the process for
your constructing the Restaurant and the training we provide. If you will open multiple Arby’s
Restaurants, then the Development Agreement will specify the number of Arby’s Restaurants you
will develop over a specified period (the “Development Schedule”) and the territory within which
you will develop them (the “Territory”). You will sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement
1
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

