modifications to the Manual, which notification may be made (in lieu of the provisions of
Article 18) by way of an email message to the Franchisee’s email address of record on
file with Arby’s which message contains such modifications or indicates that such
modifications are available electronically on the Arby’s System extranet (i.e.
www.myarbys.com or its successor) or by way of any similar method of notifying the
Arby’s System of modifications to the Manual that Arby’s may hereafter establish. Arby’s
may require Franchisee to access electronically the Manual (via Internet, extranet,
including on www.myarbys.com or its successor, or other electronic means). The
contents of the Manual are confidential and neither Franchisee nor any of Franchisee’s
employees or representatives will at any time copy, duplicate, record or otherwise
reproduce any part of the Manual. In any dispute concerning the contents of the Manual,
the master version of the Manual maintained at Arby’s headquarters will control. The
Manual as modified from time to time by Arby’s is part of this Agreement as if fully set
forth within the terms hereof.
Although Arby’s retains the right to establish and periodically modify the operating
standards that Franchisee must follow, Franchisee retains the responsibility for the dayto-day management and operation of the Restaurant and implementing and maintaining
operating standards at the Restaurant. To the extent that the Manual or operating
standards contains employee-related policies or procedures that might apply to
Franchisee’s employees, those policies and procedures are provided for informational
purposes only and do not represent mandatory policies and procedures to be
implemented by Franchisee. Franchisee shall determine to what extent, if any, these
policies and procedures may be applicable to Franchisee’s operations at the Restaurant.
Arby’s and Franchisee recognize that Arby’s neither dictates nor controls labor or
employment matters for franchisees and that Franchisee, and not Arby’s, is solely
responsible for dictating the terms and conditions of employment for Franchisee’s
employees.
4:1:2

COMMENCE OPERATION
Franchisee will commence operation of the Franchised Business within thirty (30)
calendar days after the execution of this Franchise Agreement or such extended period
as may be granted by Arby’s in writing; provided Franchisee agrees not to open the
Franchised Business to the public until Arby’s has notified Franchisee in writing that the
Franchised Business meets Arby’s standards and specifications. Such notice is not a
representation or warranty that the Franchised Business complies with applicable law
and is not a waiver of Arby’s right to require continuing compliance with its standards,
policies and requirements.

4:1:3

COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
Franchisee will secure and maintain in force in its name all required licenses, permits and
certificates relating to the conduct of its business pursuant to this Agreement. At all times
during the term of this Agreement, Franchisee will operate the Franchised Business in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules, ordinances and regulations, good business
practices, observing high standards of honesty and integrity and ethical business conduct
in all dealings with customers, government officials, suppliers and Arby’s.

4:1:4

USE ONLY AS ARBY’S RESTAURANT
Franchisee will use the Franchised Premises only as an Arby’s Restaurant.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

6

