We may modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees
that are cross-trained to operate both the Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you
must ensure that all employees who provide services to the Restaurant’s customers or otherwise
assist in the Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Restaurant and otherwise
satisfy our requirements. We have no obligation to provide training, services or other assistant
with respect to the development or operation of any Other Restaurant. (Sections 4(c) and 5 of the
MBA).
12.

TERRITORY

If you wish to open one or more Arby’s Restaurants, you must sign a Development Agreement
before you sign a Franchise Agreement. The Development Agreement grants you the right during
its term to open one or more new Arby’s Restaurants within the territory/geographical area
(“Territory”), and according to the Development Schedule, specified in the Development
Agreement. While the Development Agreement is in effect, we will not open, or franchise any
party to open, any new Arby’s Restaurant in the Territory. We generally define the Territory using
a radius encompassing a specific trade area for a proposed Arby’s Restaurant or governmental
boundaries (streets, city, county). However, the Territory excludes malls, college and university
campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities, service plazas, military
bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity centers like sports
arenas, and sovereign nations. There is no specific minimum size for Territories.
You must open and continuously operate Arby’s Restaurants in the Territory according to the
Development Schedule to maintain your rights under the Development Agreement. If you do not
comply with the Development Schedule or the other provisions of the Development Agreement
or any Franchise Agreement, then, among other things, we may terminate the Development
Agreement. Except for these situations, continuation of your territorial rights under the
Development Agreement does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market
penetration or other contingency, and we may not alter your Territory or alter your territorial rights
in the Territory during the term of the Development Agreement. If you comply with the
Development Agreement during its term, you have the right to negotiate with us for a new
Development Agreement if you provide 60 days’ notice. Otherwise you have no options, rights of
first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises under the Development Agreement.
Under each Franchise Agreement you will operate one Restaurant at a specified location that we
have accepted. You may not relocate the Restaurant to a new location within or outside the
Protected Area (defined below) without first obtaining our written approval. Typically, we grant
requests for relocation when the Restaurant’s premises are inoperable due to casualty or taken
in condemnation or by eminent domain, when highway relocations or closings have substantially
reduced access to the Restaurant’s premises, or when you can no longer use the Restaurant’s
premises for similar reasons beyond your control. We also may permit a relocation for economic
reasons, shifts in trade area, demographics and traffic patterns or other special circumstances.
We may, in our sole judgment, grant you a specific and limited protected area surrounding your
Restaurant (the “Protected Area”). If the Restaurant is a free-standing structure and we grant you
a Protected Area, we will typically delineate the Protected Area using a 1-mile radius from the
location or by boundary streets or highways. However, the Protected Area excludes malls,
college and university campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities,
service plazas, military bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity
centers like sports arenas, and sovereign nations. The Protected Area may, however, be limited
50
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

