(i) customers must place orders at an exterior drive-thru window or through the Arby’s® Order Ahead
app, and (ii) carry out capabilities for orders made through the Arby’s® Order Ahead app or any thirdparty delivery apps and order corrections may be handed through a pick-up window, and (iii) there are
no indoor or outdoor dine-in seating areas for customers.
4. Relocation Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is being signed in
connection with the relocation of an existing Restaurants in accordance with Arby’s relocation policies]

i.

Under our “Relocation Incentive” program, if (a) when you open the Restaurant, you and
your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Existing Franchise Agreement and
each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including the de-identification
obligations regarding the Existing Restaurant set forth in Section 15:3 of the Existing
Franchise Agreement, (b) you relocate, open and commence operations of the Relocated
Restaurant in accordance with the Existing Franchise Agreement on or before the date
that is six (6) months after the date the Existing Restaurant closes or the end of the
calendar year, whichever is earlier, (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and
containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you
spent in various categories relating to the relocation, development, and opening of the
Relocated Restaurant within one hundred twenty (120) days of project completion, and (d)
you build the Relocated Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
approved by us in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, then (x) we hereby waive
any initial franchise fee or other fee related to the relocation of the Restaurant, and (y)
notwithstanding Section 3:1 of the Franchise Agreement or Exhibit A of the Franchise
Agreement, the royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Opening through Year 1

1.0%

Year 2
Year 3

2.0%
3.0%

Year 4 through remainder of the term

4.0%

ii. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Relocation
Incentive program described in this Section will not apply to the Relocated Restaurant.
Early Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee qualifies for
the NRO] If you meet the requirements of the New Restaurant Opening Incentive, and you open and
begin operating the Restaurant in accordance with the DA and the Franchise Agreement before the
Opening Deadline, then the royalty fee will be zero percent (0%) from the date you open the Restaurant
until the Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), and then the applicable royalty rate shall
apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive
described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
5.

6.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its owner(s)
qualify for the VetFran Incentive, and this Franchise Agreement is signed in connection with the
development and operation of the franchisees first through tenth Franchise Agreement.] If: (a) you are a
veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
development agreement or franchise agreement (except for the DA and any franchise agreements signed
under the DA) with us and who qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to develop one Arby’s
D-1-4
2025 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D-1 – Incentives Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1616224245.5

