and acknowledges that such variations may lead to different costs or obligations among
franchisees (which may include Franchisee).
ARTICLE 9. RIGHT OF INSPECTION
9:1

GENERAL
Arby’s or its authorized representatives shall have the right to inspect the Franchised Business
and the building and equipment and operations therein. Arby’s or its authorized representatives
also shall have the right to test all Licensed Products offered for sale and supplies used by
Franchisee for the purpose of determining the quality and specifications of such products and
supplies. Arby’s shall have access to the Franchised Premises at all reasonable times for these
purposes.

9:2

SAMPLES
Upon request from Arby’s, Franchisee shall furnish Arby’s with samples of any food or beverage
products or other supplies or items, whether or not bearing Arby’s names or Trademarks, used by
Franchisee in the Franchised Business. Arby’s shall reimburse Franchisee for such samples at
Franchisee’s actual cost.

ARTICLE 10.
10:1

ADVERTISING AND MARKETING

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ROLE OF ADVERTISING
Franchisee understands and acknowledges that marketing, advertising, and promotional
programs and activities are essential to the furtherance of the goodwill and public image of
Arby’s, the System and the Franchised Business.

10:2

REQUIRED ADVERTISING EXPENDITURES
Franchisee shall expend during each calendar year for marketing and advertising an amount
which is not less than five and two-tenths percent (5.2%) of its Gross Sales. Expenditures by
Franchisee for local and cooperative area advertising (as described in Article 10:2:1) and
expenditures for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee (as defined in Article 10:2:2) shall be
credited against the minimum required expenditure as defined in this Article. Costs of food and
beverage products sold at a reduced price or given away shall not count toward fulfillment of this
obligation.
10:2:1 LOCAL COOPERATIVE AREA ADVERTISING
A. Local Market Advertising. The amount of advertising funds expended by
Franchisee for individual local market advertising (not related to Articles
10:2:1.B. or 10:2:1.C.) shall be determined by Franchisee, subject to the
minimum requirements set forth in the initial paragraph of this Article 10:2.
B. Local Cooperative Area Advertising Program. Franchisee acknowledges that
Arby’s has the right to require groups of franchisees to form a cooperative or
collaborative brand building association with other franchisees and/or us
and/or Arby’s affiliates to advertise, market and promote collectively
Restaurants in that general market area. The particular local cooperative area
advertising program in which Franchisee will be required to participate shall be
designated by Arby’s in its sole judgment; in most instances, the cooperative
program designated by Arby’s will be based on the “Designated Market Area”
(“DMA”) (as that term is used by the advertising industry) in which the
Franchised Business is located. The local cooperatives within the System will

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

10

