Advertising and Marketing
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee/AFA
We remit the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee you pay us directly to a separate and
independent membership corporation known as AFA, in which every domestic company-owned
Restaurant and franchisee is required to participate, and which reports to a Board of Directors
representing Arby’s domestic franchisees.
AFA is the franchisee-administered service
organization responsible for advertising and marketing services to the Arby’s system.
Effective October 2005, ARG and AFA entered into a Management Agreement that created
operational efficiencies, thus benefiting the Arby’s system as a whole. Under the Management
Agreement (as amended), ARG assumed general responsibility for the day-to-day operations of
AFA. ARG performs these tasks subject to the approval of AFA’s Board of Directors, which
consists of AFA members elected by the AFA membership. The AFA Board of Directors has
decision-making power, and ARG cannot change or dissolve the AFA Board of Directors or the
AFA. In addition to general managerial responsibilities for AFA’s day-to-day operations, ARG
pays for the general and administrative costs of AFA, other than the cost of an annual audit of
AFA and some other expenses.
The most current tiered rate structure for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, if any, is
shown in Exhibit D to the Franchise Agreement. Effective January 1, 2024, the AFA Board of
Directors approved dues based on a rate structure whereby the amount of Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee will be between 3.22% and 5.00%. Most franchisees currently pay
Advertising and Marketing Service Fees based on the approved rate structure, although we pay
those fees on behalf of Non-Traditional Restaurants, and some franchisees may pay different
rates based on incentive programs. We and our affiliates contribute to AFA on at least the same
basis as franchisees for any Arby’s Restaurants that we or they own. The Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee and tiered rate structure may change in the future, including the elimination
or reinstatement of the tiered rate structure.
AFA will provide limited local and regional advertising and marketing services to you. AFA uses
100% of the money from franchisees’ Advertising and Marketing Service Fees to develop and
prepare advertising materials, including (for example) materials for print, radio and television, to
undertake market research, to purchase national advertising media of all types, to develop social
media/networking programs, to pay the commissions, fees and expenses of advertising and
marketing agencies and consultants to pay talent and talent residuals, to provide other marketing
and non-marketing services, and to pay all fees and expenses incurred regarding providing these
items. ARG’s staff, advertising agencies and/or other contractors may produce advertising and
other materials on AFA’s behalf. For the year ended December 29, 2024, (1) no AFA advertising
contribution funds were used to solicit franchise sales, and (2) AFA used the money as follows:
77.7% on national media; 15.6% on creative and content; 4.8% on merchandising; 0.8% on
consumer insights; and 1.1% on general and administrative expenses. Fees not spent in the
fiscal year in which fees are accumulated are carried forward and spent in the next fiscal year,
though AFA attempts to spend all funds contributed to it in the year in which they are contributed.
If you would like to obtain an audited accounting of the advertising funds, send a written request
directly to AFA.
Membership in AFA is compulsory. If membership in AFA ceases to be compulsory for those
franchisees who are members, franchisees have the right to designate a successor service
organization as long as franchisees representing at least 65% of all franchised restaurants and at
43
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

