votes entitled to be cast by all Eligible Directors or Eligible Directors present when the quorum is
first established. An Eligible Director representing a Member with more than one Restaurant in the
Co-op is entitled to second his or her own motions and call them to a vote of the Directors. Except
where proscribed by applicable law, a Director may vote in person, by facsimile, by electronic
means or email, or by proxy executed in writing by the Director or by his or her attorney-in-fact. A
proxy will not be valid after eleven (11) months from the date of its execution, unless a longer
period is expressly stated therein.
5.4 Transfer of the Franchise. If a Member transfers its ownership interest in one of its Restaurants to a
transferee approved by AFL, then the membership interest of the Member is transferred with it. The transferring
Member’s rights and obligations to the Corporation will terminate upon transfer, except with regard to any debts or
fees owed by such Member to the Corporation at the time of transfer. Subject to the immediately preceding
sentence, the transferee, upon transfer, assumes all rights and obligations of the transferring Member.
a. Termination of Membership without Notice (Automatic Termination). Any termination by AFL of
the Member’s Franchise Agreement will also be an automatic termination of its membership in the
Corporation. Upon termination, the Member’s rights and obligations to the Corporation will
terminate, except with regard to any debts or fees owed by the Member to the Corporation at the
time of termination.
5.5 Interest of Members. Except to the extent provided for in Section 5.6 below, no Member of the
Corporation may own any right, title or interest in any part of the property or assets of the Corporation.
5.6 Dissolution of the Corporation. By a two-thirds majority vote of all votes entitled to be cast by all Eligible
Directors, the Directors may adopt a resolution of dissolution for the Corporation. In that event, on its dissolution,
the Corporation's property will be distributed to the Members in good standing in the proportion of the dues actually
paid by the Members with respect to the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the adoption of a
resolution of dissolution.
5.7 Limited Liability of Members and Guaranty. The Corporation reserves the right to require that any
Member who has furnished a guaranty to Arby’s of its obligations under its Franchise Agreement with Arby’s furnish
a similar guaranty for its dues to the Corporation. Members and their guarantors will not, however, be liable for any
debts or obligations of the Corporation, and, except is set forth in Article 8 hereof, will not be subject to any special
assessment.
ARTICLE 6
MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
6.1 Manner, Place and Time of Meetings. Meetings of the Directors may occur in person, by telephone or
video conference, via electronic means (e.g. Internet chat, email or such other means as the Officers may find
appropriate) or any other manner that provides for timely debate, voting and resolution of issues to be considered
by the Directors. The meeting time, place and manner will be determined in advance by the Officers of the
Corporation and disclosed in the Notice of Meeting as described in Section 6.4 below.
6.2 Annual Meeting. Once each year, the Corporation’s Annual Meeting will take place. The Annual
Meeting’s agenda will include officer elections, review of bylaws, and forecast planning.
6.3 Calling a Meeting. Meetings of the Directors may be called at any time by a) the President; b) by any
two (2) elected Officers other than the President; or c) by a simple majority of all votes entitled to be cast by Eligible
Directors.
6.4 Notice of Meeting. The President, or the persons calling the meeting will send a written notice to all
Members, whether in good standing or not, stating the manner, place, day, and hour of the meeting and, if and to
the extent required below in Section 6.4, the purpose or purposes for which any Special Meeting is called. All
Directors will be given at least ten (10) and no more than sixty (60) days’ notice of Annual Meetings. All meetings
other than Annual Meetings, whether regularly scheduled or not, are referred to herein as Special Meetings. All
Directors will be given at least one (1) and no more than sixty (60) days’ notice of Special Meetings. Notice of
meetings may be given personally or by first class mail, electronic mail, facsimile or electronic transmission and will
FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-3

