3:2:1

INCORRECT GROSS SALES AND TRANSACTIONS DATA REPORTS
In the event any examination or audit discloses a deficiency in the Gross Sales and
transactions data reports for any period, within five (5) calendar days after demand by
Arby’s, Franchisee shall pay Arby’s the additional royalties, the advertising and marketing
service fee set forth in Article 10:2:2 below, and all other amounts determined to be due
and payable to Arby’s, any Arby’s affiliate or AFA Service Corporation (or its successor),
plus applicable interest thereon as provided for in Article 3:1:2 above. In addition, if such
deficiency is in excess of three percent (3.0%) of actual Gross Sales, Franchisee must
reimburse Arby’s for its reasonable costs for the examination and audit including, without
limitation, the charges for all professionals and Arby’s employees’ travel and living
expenses incurred in the examination or audit, such payment to be made by Franchisee
to Arby’s within five (5) calendar days after Arby’s demand for payment. Arby’s will refund
any overpayment of royalties that is discovered in the audit within five (5) calendar days
of learning of the overpayment.

3:2:2

MONTHLY AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Arby’s has the right to require that Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense,
provide to Arby’s, in a format reasonably acceptable to Arby’s, the following: (i)
Franchised Business unit level monthly unaudited statements of income within thirty (30)
calendar days after the end of each month; and (ii) Franchised Business unit level annual
unaudited statements of income within ninety (90) calendar days after the end of each
fiscal year. Franchisee is also required to have such Franchised Business unit level
monthly and/or annual financial statements certified by an officer of Franchisee as being
true, correct and complete in all material respects. In addition, if Franchisee has
committed two (2) or more monetary defaults under this Franchise Agreement during any
consecutive twelve (12) month period and received from Arby’s notices of default for such
monetary defaults (whether or not the monetary defaults relate to the same or to different
provisions of this Franchise Agreement and whether or not the monetary defaults were
ever cured), then without limiting Arby’s other rights or remedies, Arby’s thereafter has
the right to require that Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, provide to
Arby’s, in a format reasonably acceptable to Arby’s, the financial statements and reports
that Arby’s reasonably requires from time to time.

ARTICLE 4. OPERATING STANDARDS AND CONDITIONS
4:1

During the term of this Franchise Agreement:
4:1:1

CONFORM TO MANUAL
Franchisee will operate and maintain the Franchised Business in strict compliance with
the Manual. Arby’s will give Franchisee access to one (1) copy of the Manual, which may
include audio, video, computer software, other electronic media, written materials, written
directives in multiple forms including online postings on the Arby’s System extranet (i.e.
www.myarbys.com or its successor), email and/or other electronic communications,
facsimiles, or any other medium capable of conveying the Manual’s contents. It is
Franchisee’s responsibility to monitor for updates to the Manual. The Manual will, among
other things, list the Trademarks to be used in the Franchised Business, and describe the
systems, procedures, policies, methods, standards, specifications and requirements for
operating the Franchised Business (collectively, the “operating standards”). Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that operating and maintaining the Franchised Business in
compliance with operating standards is essential to preserve the goodwill of the
Trademarks and all Arby’s Restaurants. Arby’s has the right in its sole judgment to
modify the Manual periodically to reflect changes in the operating standards, all of which
will be considered a part of the Manual. Arby’s shall promptly notify Franchisee of any

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

5

