EXHIBIT C-1

Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the
Restaurant.
6. VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 and
you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate
that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies and
signs the Development Agreement to develop one or more Arby’s Restaurants, each New
Commitment you develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our
“VetFran Program” incentive if: (a) when you open the Restaurant, you and your affiliates are in
substantial compliance with the Development Agreement and each other agreement between us
and you or your affiliates, (b) you open and begin operating that Restaurant in accordance with
the Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline
in the Development Schedule (the “Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you provide to us a report,
in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts
that you spend in various categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant
within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in
the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in accordance with the
Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement. If you satisfy the conditions in
(a) through (d) above, we will credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards the royalty fees owed
under each Franchise Agreement signed in connection with the Development Agreement, up to
$100,000 in total. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above with
respect to any Restaurant, the VetFran Program will not apply to that Restaurant.
7. Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this
reference. This Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Development
Agreement. If there is an inconsistency between this Amendment and the Development
Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall control. This Amendment, together with the
Development Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties hereto, and there
are no other oral or written representations, understandings or agreements among them, relating
to the subject matter of this Amendment. Except as specifically provided in this Amendment, all
of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Development Agreement will remain in full force
and effect as originally written and signed.

(signatures on next page)

5
2025 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C-1 – Incentives Amendment to the Development Agreement
1616224243.5

