ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10. GUARANTEES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility Guarantee
IRB entered into a credit agreement (the “IRB Credit Agreement”) that provides for secured credit facilities, which include
term loan facilities (the "IRB Term Loans") and a revolving credit facility (the “IRB Revolving Credit Facility”) with
revolving loans up to an aggregate maximum of $490.0 million of revolving facilities and certain other credit instruments,
including total letters of credit of $50.0 million. The IRB Credit Agreement contains customary provisions relating to
mandatory prepayments, voluntary prepayments, conditions to borrowings and issuances of letters of credit under the IRB
Revolving Credit Facility, representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default.
All obligations under the IRB Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by substantially all assets of
the Company.
As of December 29, 2024, approximately $4.2 billion was outstanding under the IRB Term Loans. As of December 29,
2024, $28.2 million of letters of credit were outstanding under the IRB Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 29, 2024,
there was approximately $461.8 million remaining capacity for future borrowings.
Lease Guarantees
The Company guarantees the performance of lease obligations for former Company-owned restaurant locations. The
guarantees, which extend through 2028, aggregated to a maximum of $1.6 million as of December 29, 2024. At this time,
the Company does not anticipate any material defaults under the foregoing leases; therefore, no liability has been
recognized.
Beverage Commitments
The Company has purchase commitments through 2034 related to various beverage agreements. Based on current prices and
the current ratio of company-owned to franchised restaurants as of December 29, 2024, the total remaining purchase
commitments related to these agreements is estimated to be $116.5 million.
Advertising Commitments
The Company has purchase commitments related to the execution of its advertising strategies, including agency fees and
media buy obligations. Because most media purchase commitments can be canceled within 90 days of scheduled broadcasts,
the Company does not believe that termination of these agreements would have a significant impact on its operations.
Legal and Environmental Matters
The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

- 22 -

