ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Operating Leases
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized upon lease commencement. The Company recognizes operating lease
liabilities equal to the future unpaid lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases having an initial lease term in excess
of one year, discounted by Inspire’s incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"). Inspire's IBR is used because the rates implicit in
most of the Company's leases are not readily determinable. The IBR selected is based on Inspire's credit rating and
respective lease term.
Minimum lease payments or receipts, including minimum scheduled rent increases, are recognized as rent expense where
the Company is a lessee, or income where the Company is a lessor, as applicable, on a straight-line basis over the applicable
lease terms. There is a period under certain lease agreements referred to as a rent holiday that begins on the possession date
and ends on the rent commencement date. During a rent holiday, no cash rent payments are typically due under the terms of
the lease; however, expense is recorded for that period on a straight-line basis. Certain leases contain provisions, referred to
as contingent rent, which require additional rental payments based upon restaurant sales volume. Contingent rent is
recognized each period as the liability is incurred or the asset is earned.
Lease cost for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis and includes the amortization of the right of use
("ROU") asset and interest expense related to the operating lease liability. Variable lease cost for operating leases includes
contingent rent. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheets and are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the Company's consolidated statements of income. Lease costs are
recorded in the consolidated statements of income based on the nature of the underlying lease as follows: (1) rental expense
related to leases for Company-operated restaurants is recorded to "Company-owned restaurant expenses, excluding
depreciation and amortization," (2) rental expense for leased properties that are subsequently subleased to franchisees is
recorded to "Occupancy expenses - franchise restaurants” and (3) rental expenses related to leases for corporate offices and
equipment is recorded to "Selling, general and administrative expenses.”
Finance Leases
Amounts of finance leases are recognized based on the present value of unpaid lease payments over the lease term. Lease
cost for finance leases includes the amortization of the finance lease asset, which is amortized on a straight-line basis and
recorded to “Depreciation and amortization," and interest expense on the finance lease liability, which is calculated using the
effective interest method and recorded to "Interest expense, net." Finance lease assets are amortized over the shorter of their
estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including periods covered by renewal options that the Company
is reasonably assured of exercising.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and long-term debt. The fair value of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable
approximates book value due to their short-term nature. The carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if an event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been
incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs (Level 3) if a quantitative impairment testing approach is
taken. Asset groups containing other definite-lived assets are tested for impairment if an event occurs that indicates an
impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs. The Company has not
changed the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2024.

- 12 -

