16.

RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You may only sell those food and non-alcoholic beverage products designated in the Manual as
being included in our standard Arby’s menu and meeting the quality standards (including product
specifications and sources, cleanliness and sanitation, customer service and hours of operation)
in the Manual or as we otherwise may designate in writing. You must sell all products that we
designate as mandatory. We have the unlimited right in our sole judgment to modify both the
standards and products in the Manual or as we otherwise may designate in writing.
We may, under limited circumstances, authorize the sale of the licensed products for special short
term events or programs which would require our prior approval and your agreement, in writing,
to comply with the specified conditions of the short term program or event.
To ensure the maintenance of the highest degree of quality and service, you must operate the
Arby’s Restaurants in strict conformity with the methods, standards, and specifications in the
Manual and as we may otherwise require in writing.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the products
and services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in
connection with the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
17.

RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
Provision
a. Length of the franchise
term

Section in
Agreement
Section 14:1 of FA;
Section 3 of MBA

Summary
For Traditional Restaurants: Term is up to
20 years, but may be less if your lease is
shorter than 20 years or you purchase an
existing company-owned Restaurant and
we do not own the property; or purchase an
existing franchisee’s Restaurant, in which
case, you will either receive the balance of
the term under the existing FA or a 20-year
term. In addition, if you are converting an
existing building into a new Arby’s, you may
receive up to a full 20-year term or a term
equal to your lease expiration date,
dependent upon the scope of the approved
remodel that you perform.
For Non-Traditional Restaurants: Term is
equal to the shorter of 10 years or the term
of your lease with the applicable airport
authority, stadium or arena, or length of the
lease for the Franchised Premises.

Section 2 of DA

Negotiated depending on the plan of
development.
55

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

