to the specific Restaurant location. If you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant, we will not grant
any Protected Area.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate an Arby’s Restaurant and one or
more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial
exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or
Other Franchise Agreement.
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or franchise others to operate
an Arby’s Restaurant using the licensed Trademarks and offering deli-inspired sandwiches for
sale to consumers within the Protected Area, if any. Except for these rights, we and our affiliates
reserve all other rights relative to Arby’s Restaurants, the Arby’s trademarks, and other business
concepts, whether within or outside the Protected Area. We and our affiliates may operate,
license, or franchise Arby’s Restaurants in any location, other than the Protected Area, if any,
using the Arby’s trademarks and offering deli-inspired sandwiches. In addition, we and our
affiliates may also establish and operate limited service restaurants or similar or different
businesses under any name at any location, whether using Arby’s trademarks or other
trademarks, unless precluded by a written contractual obligation. We and our affiliates may also
develop new and existing concepts, as dual-brand and standalone concepts. Because we and
our affiliates may operate, or franchise other parties to operate, Arby’s Restaurants at nontraditional locations inside the Territory or Protected Area, and in some cases (like if you operate
a Non-Traditional Restaurant) we do not provide a Protected Area, you will not receive an
exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
There are no restrictions on your soliciting and accepting customers from outside your Protected
Area or otherwise competing with Arby’s Restaurants which are now, or may in the future be,
located outside your Protected Area (if any). Only we, our affiliates or designees have the right
to sell products or services under the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your Protected
Area or Territory, if any, through any alternative channels of distribution, such as the
internet/worldwide web and other forms of electronic commerce; catalogs; telemarketing or other
direct marketing sales; or any other channel of distribution other than an Arby’s Restaurant, and
you may not sell products or services under the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your
Protected Area or Territory using alternative channels of distribution. You have no right to
compensation if we do so. We currently sell consumer packaged goods, including frozen fries
and Arby's Horsey Sauce, at approximately 44,000 retail stores nationwide and online. We
reserve the right to sell other products or services under the Arby’s trademark or other trademarks
using alternative channels of distribution in the future.
The Franchise Agreement does not provide you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
acquire additional franchises within the Protected Area or contiguous areas. Continuation of your
territorial rights under the Franchise Agreement does not depend on your achieving a certain
sales volume, market penetration or other contingency. We may not alter your Protected Area or
modify your territorial rights in the Protected Area before your Franchise Agreement expires or is
terminated, although we may do so for a successor franchise. Therefore, if a development
opportunity arises for another franchisee who is interested in development in your Protected Area
or Territory, we will seek your consent to allow that franchisee to open an Arby’s Restaurant within
your Protected Area or Territory.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar
51
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

