Provision

w. Choice of law

Section in
Agreement

Summary

Section 3:1:2 and 21:2
of FA

Section 19 of DA

18.

to our then-current principal office (subject
to state law).
Georgia law applies without regard to its
conflict of laws rules, provided, however
that any Georgia law regulating the sale of
franchises or governing the relationship of a
franchisor and franchisee will not apply
unless its jurisdictional requirements are
met independently (see “q” and “r” above).
Interest on overdue payments is governed
by the law of the state in which the
Franchised Premises is located or the State
of Georgia, whichever is higher.
Georgia law applies (subject to state law).

PUBLIC FIGURES

We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise.
19.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a
reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.
Financial performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if:
(1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or
(2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.
These financial performance representations provide actual, historical “AUVs,” or average
“Unit Volumes,” for specific groups of franchised Arby’s Restaurants. “Unit Volume” has the same
meaning as Gross Sales, which we define in the note below. This Item 19 includes financial
information for our 2024 fiscal year (which we will call simply “2024” in this Item 19), which is the
period from January 1, 2024 until December 29, 2024. Indeed, federal and state franchise laws
permit us to include in Item 19 either (a) a historical financial performance representation about
the franchise system’s existing outlets or a subset of those outlets, or (b) a forecast of the
prospective franchisee’s future financial performance. The information in this Item 19 reflects
2024 historical data for the AUV of certain franchised Arby’s Restaurants, and is not a forecast of
future financial performance or a projection.
There were 2,286 franchised Arby’s Restaurants operating in the United States at the end
of 2024. Of these, 2,264 were Traditional Restaurants, including 184 Traditional Restaurants
located in travel plazas. We excluded from these financial performance representations: (a) all
33 of the franchised restaurants that first opened for business during 2024 and did not operate
for the full year; (b) all 15 of the franchised restaurants that were closed and reported no sales for
extended periods during 2024, often for more than a month, either as part of remodeling or
rebuilding the restaurant, due to a hurricane weather-related casualty or fire/water damage, or
because of a relocation or planned transfer; (c) all 19 franchised Non-Traditional Restaurants,
63
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

