Agreement (including the Development Schedule), you submit development costs to us in
the form we require within 120 days of opening the Traditional Restaurant, and you build
the Traditional Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we
approve, then we will provide you a Royalty Fee credit equal to $10,000 for each
Traditional Restaurant you develop and open under the Development Agreement, up to
$100,000. You may combine the VetFran Program with our other incentive programs
described in Item 5 and Item 6.
Pioneer Incentive. The “Pioneer Incentive” program is designed to increase the
penetration and presence of the Arby’s® brand in certain areas of the United States. You
may qualify to participate in the Pioneer Incentive program if you are the first person to
sign a Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to develop 2 or more new
Traditional Restaurants located within Connecticut, District of Columbia, Hawaii,
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont. Under the Pioneer Incentive,
if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you
(or your affiliates) and us when you open the Traditional Restaurant, you open the
Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement (including the
Development Schedule), you submit development costs to us in the form we require within
120 days of opening the Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Restaurant
in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then we will provide a
$50,000 Royalty Fee credit for each of the first 2 Traditional Restaurants developed under
the Development Agreement. As stated above, this Pioneer Incentive is only available to
the first person to sign a Development Agreement to develop and operate 2 or more
Traditional Restaurants within the states identified above, and therefore may not be
available to you even if you sign a new Development Agreement to develop 2 or more
new Restaurants within the states identified above. You may combine the Pioneer
Incentive with our other incentive programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights
and remedies, including the right to terminate the Development Agreement, the Early
Opening Incentive, VetFran Program, and/or Pioneer Incentive will not apply to the
Traditional Restaurant(s). The Early Opening Incentive, VetFran Program, and Pioneer
Incentive do not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their
expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at a Non-Traditional
Location, as a relocation or replacement of an existing or closed Traditional Restaurant,
or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing Traditional Restaurant. In the future,
we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
3.

For Traditional Restaurants only, you will divide your local advertising expenditures
between your individual Local Market Advertising expenses and your Local Cooperative
Area Advertising program spending (if applicable). The costs of food or beverage products
you sell at a reduced price or give away do not count toward the fulfillment of your local
advertising obligation.
Local Market Advertising: This is a percentage of monthly Gross Sales, with a current
minimum aggregate expenditure of 5.2% of Gross Sales comprised of this fee, the
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, and Local Cooperative Area Advertising (if
applicable). The amount is divided between your individual local market participation and
the Local Cooperative Area Advertising program. The advertising expenditure is a
minimum expenditure requirement which varies when combined with your Advertising and
28

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

