Marks. We do not know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect
your use of the Trademarks in any state.
You must notify us, in writing, of any suspected infringing uses of, or claims of rights to, the
Trademarks or any similar mark, and cooperate with us in responding to them. We or Arby’s IP
Holder has the sole right to determine whether to take any legal action concerning any
infringement or claims and to control and direct any administrative proceeding or litigation
involving the Trademarks. We will pay the cost of any litigation or administrative action for policing
the Trademarks against infringement. We are not obligated, however, to institute legal or other
action to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition concerning the
Trademarks. We need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for expenses and
damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding involving a Trademark.
You may not take any legal action for infringement or unfair competition concerning the
Trademarks without our consent. We or Arby’s IP Holder has the right to control any
administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Trademark.
You may use the Trademarks only according to the Franchise Agreement and Manual. You must
follow our directions in using the Trademarks and any modified or new trademark. If we require
you to modify or discontinue use of a Trademark, we do not have to compensate you. This
modification or discontinuance will not provide you with any termination or other rights.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with
the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
14.

PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

We hold no patents and do not have any pending patent applications material to the franchise.
We have not registered any copyrights applicable to the Arby’s Restaurant business with the
United States Copyright Office. However, we claim copyrights on and consider proprietary the
Manual, the Franchise Agreement, forms, advertisements, and all other Arby’s materials,
processes, etc. There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the United
States Copyright Office or any court regarding any of the copyrighted materials. We do not know
of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the
copyrighted materials.
You must promptly inform us, in writing, when you learn about any infringement or unauthorized
use of our proprietary information or copyrighted materials. We or Arby’s IP Holder has the sole
right to determine whether to take any legal action concerning any infringement or claims and to
control and direct any administrative proceeding or litigation involving the copyrighted materials
or proprietary information. We will pay the cost of any litigation or administrative action for policing
the copyrighted materials or proprietary information against infringement. We are not obligated,
however, to institute legal or other action to protect you against claims arising from your use of
the copyrighted materials or proprietary information. We need not participate in your defense nor
indemnify you for expenses and damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial
proceeding involving the copyrighted materials or proprietary information. You may not take any
legal action for infringement or unfair competition concerning the copyrighted materials or
proprietary information without our consent. We or Arby’s IP Holder has the right to control any
administrative proceedings or litigation involving copyrighted materials or proprietary information.

53
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

