Our license agreement with Arby’s IP Holder authorizes us to use and sublicense the use of the
proprietary information and other Arby’s intellectual property in our franchise program. There are
no other agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our right to use or license the use
of the proprietary information.
You may never reveal any of our confidential information to another person or use it for any other
purpose or business and must take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of our
proprietary information. You may use the proprietary information and copyrighted materials only
according to the Franchise Agreement and Manual. You must follow our directions in using the
proprietary information and copyrighted and any modified or new materials. If we require you to
modify or discontinue use of any proprietary information and copyrighted materials, we do not
have to compensate you. This modification or discontinuance will not provide you with any
termination or other rights.
15.

OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
BUSINESS

You must at all times faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform your obligations under the
Franchise Agreement, continuously exert your best efforts to promote and enhance the Arby’s
Restaurant, and not engage in any other business or activity that conflicts with your obligations to
operate the Arby’s Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement. It is your
responsibility to protect and assure the confidentiality of any proprietary information and trade
secrets like methods, procedures, layouts, standards, specifications, designs, recipes and rules,
or knowledge you obtain concerning the operation of the Restaurant which may be disclosed to
managers and other persons having an interest in the Restaurant.
You (or, if you are a business entity, your owners) have no obligation to participate personally in
the direct operation of the Restaurant, although we recommend you do so. However, for each of
your first and second Restaurants, you must at all times employ 3 managers (6 total) who have
completed (to our satisfaction) and are certified in the Arby’s MTP, or a comparable training
program we approve in our sole judgment, at an NCTR. One of these people may be you, the
franchisee, if you will be participating in the direct operation of the Restaurant. For your third and
subsequent Restaurants, you must at all times employ 1 manager per Restaurant who has
completed (to our satisfaction) and is certified in MTP at an NCTR. There is no requirement for
managers to have any equity interest or ownership in you (if you are a business entity) or the
Restaurant.
If we require a guaranty, we will only require your principals to sign it. We do not require your
principals’ spouses to sign a personal guaranty unless they are also principals or officers of the
franchisee entity. Under the guaranty your principals must unconditionally guaranty to punctually
pay and perform all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement.
Additionally, during the term of the Franchise Agreement and for 12 months after its termination
you, any guarantor of yours, any general partner if you are a partnership, and any shareholders,
limited partners, members, or other equity owner holding at least a 15% interest in you, cannot,
without our prior written permission, own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, provide
assistance to, or have more than a 15% interest (as owner or otherwise) in any business offering
roast beef sandwiches for sale which is located within your Protected Area, if any.

54
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

