STATE OF MINNESOTA
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
1.

Item 13, entitled Trademarks is amended by the addition of the following language:
“The State of Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s rights to use the
trademarks. Therefore, in accordance with Minnesota Stat. §80C.12, Subd. 1(g), Arby’s
will protect your right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or
other commercial symbols or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out
of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name.”

2.

The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the disclosure document:
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn.
Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified
cases, that you be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) of
the Franchise Agreement and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise
Agreement.
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or
requiring you to consent to injunctive relief, liquidated damages, termination
penalties, or judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the disclosure document or
Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in
Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or
remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
Any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or transfer/assignment
will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims
arising under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us,
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

E-5
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

