Multi-Brand Locations
If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Restaurant at a MultiBrand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Arby’s Restaurant system
applicable to the Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design
requirements, the products and services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising,
marketing and promotional programs, required equipment or products, required hours of
operation, personnel training and staffing requirements, and other standards, specifications and
requirements, in a manner that is different from the manner in which those terms apply to other
Arby’s Restaurants, to reflect the Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate
your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.
If we permit you to operate your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use paper
products and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products served
by the Restaurant, and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant or with
products served by the Other Restaurant; (ii) you must ensure that all employees providing
services to customers of the Restaurant wear uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or
other apparel worn by the employees providing services to customers of the Other Restaurants;
and (iii) you may be required to purchase or lease certain goods and services for each Other
Restaurant from approved or designated suppliers (which may be the applicable Other Franchisor
or its affiliate). You can find additional information in each Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure
document.
9.

FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will help
you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other items
of this disclosure document.
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

a.
b.
c.

d.

Obligation
Site selection and
acquisition/lease
Pre-opening
purchase/leases
Site development and
other pre-opening
requirements
Initial and ongoing training

e. Opening
f.

Fees

Section in Agreement1
Sections 6 & 8 of DA
Section 1 of FA
Section 8 of DA
Section 7 of FA
Sections 5, 6, 8 & 9 of DA
Sections 4, 5, 6 & 7 of FA
Section 4(d) of MBA
Section 10 of DA
Section 6 of FA
Section 5 of MBA
Sections 4, 11 & 12 of DA
Sections 4 of FA
Sections 3 & 11 of DA
Sections 2, 3, 10, 14, 15 & 16
of FA

38
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

Disclosure Document Item
Items 7, 8, 10 and 11
Items 5, 7, 8, 10 and 11
Items 6, 7, 8, 10 and 11

Items 6 and 11

Items 5 and 11
Items 5, 6 and 7

