ARTICLE 3
OFFICES AND REGISTERED AGENT
3.1 Registered Offices and Registered Agent. The initial registered office of the Corporation and the initial
registered agent of the Corporation at said office will be as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation. The Corporation will have and maintain a registered office of the Corporation and a registered agent
of the Corporation which registered office and registered agent at such office may be changed from time to time by
the Corporation in the manner specified by law.
ARTICLE 4
MEMBERSHIP
4.1 Eligibility. All Franchisees are eligible to become Members of the Corporation. The Members of the
Corporation will consist of all Franchisees who file with the Corporation an application for membership in the form of
a membership letter evidencing their intent to become Members and to comply with and be bound by all of the
terms and conditions relating to membership contained in the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws and any
amendments thereto, as well as the Co-op Guidelines.
ARTICLE 5
DIRECTORS
5.1

General. The affairs of the Co-op will be controlled and administered by a Board of Directors.

5.2 Appointment of Directors and Term. Each Member will have the right to appoint one Director, who must
be an owner, officer, director, manager or chief marketing officer of such Member. Each Director will serve at the
pleasure of the appointing Member for a term to be determined by such Member from time to time. A Member may
appoint a different person to be a Director for each meeting of the Board of Directors.
5.3

Voting.
a. Voting Rights. Each Director representing a Member in good standing is entitled to one vote for
each of such Member’s Restaurants. For each additional Restaurant that a Member acquires or
develops, the Director representing such Member is entitled to an additional vote and such Member
is obligated to pay dues for such Restaurant in accordance with Article 8 hereof.
b. Good Standing. A "Member in good standing" is a Member which does not owe any financial
obligation to either AFL or to the Co-op which remains outstanding more than 30 days after the
original due date of such financial obligation. A Director representing a Member in good standing is
hereinafter referred to as an Eligible Director. A Member which owes a financial obligation to the
Co-op which remains outstanding for more than 30 days after its original due date may still be
considered in good standing if a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by Eligible Directors other
than the Director representing such Member approve a payment plan for such Member, and such
Member remains current with all of its obligations under the payment plan and with all financial
obligations owing to the Co-op which accrue after the date the payment plan is approved. A
Member which owes a financial obligation to AFL which remains outstanding for more than 30 days
after its original due date may still be considered in good standing if AFL has approved a payment
plan for such Member and such Member remains current with all of its obligations under the
payment plan and with all financial obligations owing to AFL which accrue after the date the
payment plan is approved by AFL. A Member which is not in good standing automatically will have
no voting rights until the Member pays all amounts due and owing in full to the Co-op or AFL, as
the case may be.
c. Voting at Meetings. Unless otherwise noted herein, all matters put to a vote of the Directors will
be decided by the affirmative vote of Eligible Directors holding a simple majority of all votes entitled
to be cast by Eligible Directors present at the time of the vote. Once a Quorum is established
according to Section 6.5 below, voting may proceed without regard to whether the quorum is
maintained throughout the meeting and the outcome will be determined by the percentage of votes
entitled to be cast by the Eligible Directors present at the time of the vote, not the percentage of the

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-2

