e. Tapes, Shipping and Residuals to Television
f. Meeting and Administrative Costs
8.4 Other Expenditures. The Eligible Directors, by unanimous approval of the Eligible Directors present at
the time of the vote, may agree to make special contributions or use existing funds for other advertising and
promotional purposes.
8.5 Accounting and Budget. The Corporation will employ an independent accountant to keep its books
and to prepare its monthly, quarterly and annual reports. The Corporation's Treasurer will prepare or cause to be
prepared an annual budget reflecting estimated contributions and expenditures for each fiscal year for approval by
the Directors prior to each fiscal year. A complete accounting for the placement and payment of advertising and
related expenses and collection and disbursement of contributions will be prepared by the Co-op's accountant and
provided to each Member by the Treasurer on a quarterly basis within thirty (30) days of the end of each quarter in
the Corporation's fiscal year. Any contributions made during the fiscal year which have not been spent will
automatically roll forward as additional funds to be spent within the next year’s budget unless the Eligible Directors,
acting in accordance with Section 5.3c., approve another means to expend the funds. In the event that the Co-op
derives revenue from any source other than dues contributions (such as interest on balances held in the Co-op’s
bank accounts or rebates from suppliers), the Co-op will expend all such revenue solely for the purposes set forth
in Section 8.3 hereof. Such revenue will be expended prior to the expenditure of dues contributions.
8.6 Payment of Dues. Payments of dues are due and payable on the tenth (10) day of the month for the
previous month's sales. Checks should be made payable to the ___________ Advertising Co-op and mailed to the
acting accounting firm. The Member will simultaneously submit with its dues payment a copy of the statement of
gross sales furnished by the Member to AFL.
a. Grace Period. When a Member opens a new Restaurant in the DMA, it will be exempt from
paying dues for that Restaurant only during the first sixty (60) days after the Restaurant's opening.
(The monies from the initial sales that otherwise would be paid to the Co-op as dues will otherwise
be used as part of a Grand Opening Promotion fund for the Restaurant.) The liability for dues
payments begins on the 61st day of operation. This sixty (60) day grace period does not apply to a
Member assuming liability for an existing Restaurant as a result of a transfer, provided, however,
that in the event a Restaurant is closed at the time of transfer, the sixty (60) day grace period will
be available to the transferee if the transferee executes a Grand Opening Promotion in connection
with the reopening of the transferred Restaurant.
8.7 Enforcement of Dues. The Corporation may enforce the collection of any Member’s outstanding
dues or late fees or assessments by legal action, including enforcement against any guarantor of a Member, and/or
without limitation, an action for specific performance. Any legal fees, court costs or other reasonable costs of
collection incurred by the Corporation will be paid by the non-prevailing party in any action.
8.8 Late Fee. Late payments will be assessed a late fee equal to $100 per Restaurant for each month
that a payment is late. A payment is considered late on the first day of the month following the month in which it is
due.
8.9 Audit. The Co-op may, at any time, have an independent accountant, certified public accountant or
certified auditor examine and audit all pertinent books and records of a Member for the purpose of determining the
accuracy of the information contained in the Member's statements of Gross Sales. The expense of such audits will
be paid by the Corporation unless the audit reveals an understatement of Gross Sales by the Member of three
percent (3%) or more, in which case the Member will pay promptly the dues owing to the Corporation and the cost
of the audit. If an overpayment has been made, a credit will be given to the Member.
8.10 Provisions for Reimbursement. The Co-op may by resolution of the Directors acting in accordance
with Section 5.3c., provide for reimbursements to Members for purposes consistent with the purposes of this
Corporation.
8.11 Special Assessments. In the event that at any time, the Co-op is unable to meet its financial
obligations as they become due, the Board of Directors, acting in accordance with Section 5.3c., may authorize a
special assessment against all Members in order to enable the Co-op to meet such obligations. Any such special
FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-8

