10:3:1 TIERED RATES
From time to time, AFA Service Corporation (or its successor) or Arby’s, as the case may
be, may establish a tiered rate structure for the payment of the Advertising and Marketing
Service Fee. The most current tiered rate structure, if any, is set forth in Exhibit D.
Exhibit D may be modified, revised or deleted periodically by Arby's as necessary to
reflect changes to the rate structure established by AFA Service Corporation (or its
successor) or Arby's, as the case may be, without notice to Franchisee.
10:3:2 DESIGNATION OF OTHER SERVICE ORGANIZATION BY FRANCHISEE
In the event that membership in AFA Service Corporation (or its successor) is not
compulsory, Franchisee may designate the service organization, if any, to which said
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee will be paid so long as franchisees of at least
sixty-five percent (65.0%) of the then franchised Restaurants, but not less than two
hundred (200) franchised Restaurants, agree on and designate the same service
organization. Such designation shall be made on or before the thirty-first (31st) day of
July, following the date that membership in AFA Service Corporation (or its successor) is
not compulsory, to take effect fifteen (15) months following said July 31 and to be
effective for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter. A similar designation shall be
made each year prior to July 31. Withdrawal from the designated organization shall
require not less than fifteen (15) months’ notice prior to the expiration of any successive
twelve (12) month period.

10:3:3 DESIGNATION OF OTHER SERVICE ORGANIZATION OR ASSUMPTION OF
RESPONSIBILITY BY ARBY’S
In the event that membership in AFA Service Corporation (or its successor) is not
compulsory, and Franchisee fails to designate the service organization to which the
aforesaid Advertising and Marketing Service Fee is to be paid, or does make such
designation but the same is not supported by the requisite number of franchised
Restaurants, then Arby’s, in its sole judgment, may either designate the organization to
which said Advertising and Marketing Service Fee will be paid thereafter or elect to retain
said Advertising and Marketing Service Fee and itself furnish the services described in
Article 10:2:2.
10:4

USE OF PHOTOGRAPHS
Arby’s shall have the right to take and use photographs of Franchisee’s facilities in any of Arby’s
publicity or advertising, without charge therefore, and Franchisee shall cooperate in obtaining
such photographs and the consent of any persons photographed.

ARTICLE 11.
11:1

TRADEMARK STANDARDS

TITLE
Franchisee acknowledges that Arby’s IP Holder, LLC is the sole owner of the Trademarks, and of
all the goodwill relating thereto, and that the same shall at all times be and remain the sole and
exclusive property of Arby’s IP Holder, LLC (or its successors or assigns). Franchisee also
acknowledges that Franchisee, by reason of this Franchise Agreement or otherwise, has not
acquired any right, title, interest or claim of ownership in the Trademarks. The use by Franchisee
of the Trademarks and any and all goodwill arising from such use shall inure solely to the benefit
of Arby’s IP Holder, LLC (or its successors or assigns) and shall be deemed to be the sole
property of Arby’s IP Holder, LLC (or its successors or assigns) in the event of the expiration or
termination of this Franchise Agreement for any reason. Upon expiration or termination of this

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

12

