3:1:5

PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER
Arby’s has the right in its sole judgment to require that each payment of royalties and the
advertising and marketing service fee set forth in Article 10:2:2 below be made via
electronic funds transfer (“EFT”). Franchisee will, upon execution of this Franchise
Agreement or any time thereafter at Arby’s request, execute all documents or forms as
Arby’s determines are necessary for Arby’s to process EFT withdrawals from Franchisee’s
bank account(s) for such payments, including the EFT Authorization Agreement attached
as Exhibit E. Arby’s, its affiliate or AFA Service Corporation (or its successor), as
applicable, will have the right to withdraw the entire amount due from Franchisee’s
designated bank account(s) in accordance with the terms of the Manual or such EFT
Authorization Agreement. Franchisee agrees that in the event Franchisee fails to provide
the Gross Sales and transactions data as described in Article 3:1:1, Arby’s may withdraw
an amount based upon estimated sales from Franchisee’s designated bank account(s),
provided that Arby’s shall notify Franchisee (which notification may be made, in lieu of the
provisions of Article 18, by way of an email message to the Franchisee’s email address of
record on file with Arby’s) of its intention to make such a withdrawal, including the
estimated amount due, no less than five (5) business days prior to making any such
withdrawal. Further, Franchisee agrees that it will be responsible for: (i) any EFT transfer
fee(s) or similar charges imposed by its bank; and (ii) any EFT payments that are not
honored by Franchisee’s bank for any reason, plus any service charges applied by Arby’s
and/or the bank. It will be a default of this Franchise Agreement if Franchisee closes its
designated bank account(s) without Arby’s prior written consent, or if Franchisee closes
such account(s) with Arby’s prior written consent and fails within a reasonable time
thereafter, not to exceed five (5) business days, to establish another bank account and
execute all documents necessary for Arby’s to process the payments by EFT from such
new bank account. Arby’s reserves the right to require Franchisee to make payments
pursuant to any other payment system that may be established in the future, including a
system set up in accordance with Article 5:4. Franchisee agrees to maintain funds in the
aforementioned designated bank account(s) to cover any withdrawals.

3:2

BUSINESS RECORDS AND AUDIT
Franchisee must maintain, and retain for three (3) years, each of the following:
(i) all records of sales, advertising and marketing expenses and other operating accounts of the
Franchised Business; (ii) monthly remittance reports; (iii) sales journal reports that document how
monthly sales reported to Arby’s are calculated, including, but not limited to, calculation of Gross
Sales, net sales, sales taxes, voids, refunds, discounts, coupons, gift cards redeemed and sold,
actual cash deposits, credit card totals, cash over/short, paid-outs/paid-ins, and cumulative daily
grand total of non-resettable sales; (iv) monthly and annual financial statements as discussed in
Article 3:2:2 below; (v) federal and state sales tax records; (vi) daily activity reports for the
Franchised Business (as prescribed by Arby’s) and related cash register tapes and sales
journals; and (vii) any other reports or records required by Arby’s. Franchisee’s Gross Sales and
transactions data reports must be submitted to Arby’s on a monthly basis as provided in Articles
3:1 and 3:1:1. Arby’s may at any time during business hours at the Franchised Business, and with
reasonable notice to Franchisee, examine Franchisee’s and the Franchised Business’ business,
bookkeeping and accounting records, sales and tax records and returns, and other records.
Franchisee must cooperate fully with Arby’s and its representatives and independent accountants
in any examination. All other records and reports must be available for submission to Arby’s and
must be submitted to Arby’s upon its request. At its judgment, Arby’s may audit any reports or
records maintained or submitted by Franchisee.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

4

