ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Income Taxes
The Company is included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Inspire. The Company has
prepared its income tax provision under the pro rata method by recording the Company's relative contribution to the Inspire
consolidated income tax provision. The Company is a party to a formal tax sharing agreement between Inspire and certain of
its subsidiaries (the “Tax Sharing Agreement”). The Company makes tax payments directly to certain state governmental
jurisdictions for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries. Differences between the Company’s income tax provision and
income taxes pursuant to the terms of the Company’s Tax Sharing Agreement have been recognized as contributions from
and distributions to Parent. Current amounts due to or from IRB or affiliates are included in “Other current liabilities” or
"Prepaid expenses and other current assets", respectively.
The Company records income tax liabilities based on known obligations and estimates of potential obligations. A deferred
tax asset or liability is recognized whenever there are (i) future tax effects from temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases or (ii) operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to the years in
which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets related to U.S. federal and state
attributes are measured based on the Company’s relative contribution to the Inspire consolidated deferred tax assets in
accordance with the Tax Sharing Agreement. When considered necessary, the Company records a valuation allowance to
reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the assets will not be
realized on the Inspire consolidated federal tax return.
The Company applies a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for consolidated financial statement recognition
and measurement of potential tax benefits associated with tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the Company’s
income tax returns ("Uncertain Tax Positions"). The Company uses a two-step process when evaluating tax positions. The
Company first determines if it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. A tax position that
meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is then measured for purposes of consolidated financial statement
recognition as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized once the position is considered
effectively settled.
Interest and penalties accrued for Uncertain Tax Positions are charged to "Income tax expense."
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.
Company-owned restaurant sales
“Company-owned restaurant sales" include revenues recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied, which occurs
upon delivery of food to the customer. "Company-owned restaurant sales" exclude sales taxes collected from the Company’s
customers.
Franchise fees and royalty revenues
"Franchise fees and royalty revenues" include franchise fees and royalties.The rights and obligations governing franchised
restaurants are set forth in the franchise agreement. The franchise agreement provides for a 10 to 20-year initial term subject
to certain conditions. Prior to the end of the franchise term or as otherwise provided by the Company, a franchisee may elect
to renew the term of a franchise agreement, depending on contract terms if certain conditions are met.
Royalties from franchised restaurants are based on a percentage of restaurant sales of the franchised restaurant and are
recognized as earned. Royalties are due within the month after which the revenue was generated through sales of the
franchised restaurant. Initial franchise fees are recorded within "Other current liabilities" and "Other liabilities" on the
Company's consolidated balance sheets when received and recognized as revenue over the contractual term of the franchise
agreement, once a franchised restaurant is opened. Renewal franchise fees are recognized as revenue over the contractual
term of the franchise agreement once the license agreement is signed and the fee is paid. Franchise commitment fee deposits
are forfeited and recognized as revenue upon the termination of the related commitments to open new franchised restaurants.

- 10 -

