commenced operations of the Traditional Restaurant, you must submit to us a report
detailing the Traditional Restaurant’s trailing-twelve-months’ Gross Sales data (the “Gross
Sales Report”). If the Gross Sales Report demonstrates that the Traditional Restaurant
collected less than $1,300,000 during the reporting period, then you must (i) use your good
faith efforts to increase your Gross Sales, and (ii) submit to us an updated Gross Sales
Report (the “Updated Gross Sales Report”) no later than 60 days after the 5th annual
anniversary of the date you actually opened and commenced operations of the Traditional
Restaurant. If (x) you have complied with the conditions in (i) and (ii) above, and are and
throughout the term have been in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement,
and (y) the Updated Gross Sales Report demonstrates that the Restaurant collected less
than $1,300,000 during that subsequent reporting period, then the Royalty Fee will be
further amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Year 6 through Year 10
Year 11 through remainder of the term

2.0%
4.0%

Relocation Incentive. If you qualify for the Relocation Incentive, then we will reduce the
Royalty Fee as follows:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%

We describe the conditions to qualify for the NRO and Relocation Incentive programs in
Item 5.
Early Opening Incentive. The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize
franchisees to develop and commence operations of their Traditional Restaurants before
the required opening date identified in their Development Agreement. If you qualify for the
NRO incentive program, and you open the Traditional Restaurant before the required
opening date identified in the Development Agreement, then we will charge you a 0%
Royalty Fee from the date you open and commence operations of the Traditional
Restaurant until the required opening date identified in the Development Agreement, up
to 12 months, then the applicable Royalty Fee rate will apply. You may combine the Early
Opening Incentive with the NRO incentive program described in Item 5.
VetFran Program. The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran
or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed,
a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a
Development Agreement to develop one or more Traditional Restaurants. Under the
VetFran Program, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each
agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Traditional
Restaurant, you open the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development
27
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

