Although the Franchise Agreement requires a current minimum aggregate advertising
expenditure (for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, Local Market Advertising and
Cooperative Area Advertising) of 5.2% of Gross Sales for Traditional Restaurants
qualifying for the NRO incentive program, we will calculate the required Local Market
Advertising spending requirement based on the undiscounted Advertising and Marketing
Service Fee. In other words, we will not increase the Local Market Advertising spending
requirement to offset the reduced Advertising and Marketing Service Fee. However, the
NRO incentive program does not impact your Traditional Restaurant’s required
contributions for Cooperative Area Advertising. You still must contribute the amount that
the cooperative requires.
The NRO incentive program does not impact your Traditional Restaurant’s required
contributions for Local Cooperative Area Advertising. You must contribute the amount that
the cooperative requires.
We describe the conditions to qualify for the NRO, incentive program in Item 5.
4.

You also must pay costs of transportation, room, and board for your personnel. We pay
no compensation of any kind to you or your employees while training and we will not
reimburse you for any expenses associated with training. We may require you to purchase
access to training videos or other instructional materials from us. We may in our sole
judgment specify additional training requirements, including supplemental or refresher
training programs for you, your managers and/or employees. These additional training
requirements may require that you pay all associated costs and expenses (including
training fees).

5.

If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate an Arby’s
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all ongoing
fees due under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the
ongoing fees described in this Item.

7.

ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

Type of
Expenditure

Free-Standing
Leased
Amount

Non-FreeStanding
Leased Amount

Development Fee(1)

$6,250 $12,500

$6,250 $12,500

See Item 5

Franchise Fee (1)

$0 - $37,500

$0 - $37,500

See Item 5

30
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

Method
of Payment

When Due
Upon execution
of Development
Agreement
See Item 5 –
earlier of 90 days
prior to opening
or upon
commencement
of construction

To Whom
Payment Is To
Be Made
Us

Us

