be deemed given when mailed or when the electronic mail, facsimile or electronic transmission is sent, addressed
to the Member at its business or electronic address. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of
any meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice (or waiver of notice) of such meeting except for Special
Meetings involving any of the following actions, in which case at least ten (10) days’ notice must be given to all
Directors: the removal or election of Officers; the suspension of a Member‘s voting rights; amendments to the
Bylaws; changes to the Co-op Contribution Rate; or amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. Notice of any
Annual or Special Meeting or of the purpose of any Special Meeting may be waived by an instrument in writing.
Attendance of a Director at a meeting will constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and waiver of any and all
objections to the place of the meeting, the time of the meeting, the manner in which it has been called or convened,
and of notice of the purpose of the meeting, except when a Director states, at the beginning of the meeting, any
such objection or objections to the transaction of business. Any meeting of the Board of Directors may be held
within the DMA at such place as may be determined by the person or persons calling the meeting.
6.5 Quorum. Except as otherwise provided to the contrary herein, including in this Section 6.5, all actions
by the Directors must be taken at a meeting at which a quorum is established. Two-thirds of all votes entitled to be
cast by the Eligible Directors, represented in person or by telephonic communication, constitute a quorum at any
meeting of the Directors. Once a quorum is present to organize a meeting, the Eligible Directors present may
continue to conduct all business on the meeting’s agenda regardless of whether the quorum is maintained
throughout the meeting. Only the Eligible Directors present, whether in person or by telephonic communication,
when a vote is called will be eligible for that vote. The outcome of the vote will be calculated in accordance with
Section 5.3c above.
6.6 Adjournment. Any meeting of the Directors may be adjourned by the Directors acting in accordance
with Section 5.3c.
ARTICLE 7
OFFICERS
7.1 Officers. The Directors of the Corporation will elect the following Officers: President, Vice President,
Treasurer, and Secretary. These posts will, at all times, remain filled. Two or more offices may be held by the
same person, provided that in no event will there be fewer than two persons functioning as Officers of the
Corporation.
7.2 President. Unless otherwise specified by the Directors, the President will be the chief executive officer
of the Corporation, and will have the responsibility for the general supervision of the business affairs of the
Corporation. The President will preside at all meetings of the Co-op and discharge the duties of a presiding officer.
7.3 Secretary. The Secretary will keep minutes of all meetings of the Corporation and have charge of the
minute books of the Corporation and will perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time
to time be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President.
7.4 Treasurer. The Treasurer will be charged with the management of the financial affairs of the
Corporation and will perform such other duties and have such other powers as may from time to time be delegated
to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President.
7.5 Vice President. In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice President will perform the duties
and exercise the powers of the President. The Vice President will perform such other duties and have such other
powers as may from time to time be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President.
7.6 Other Officers and Agents. The Board of Directors may appoint from time to time such agents as it may
deem necessary or desirable, each of whom will hold office at the pleasure of the Board, and will have such
authority and perform such duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
7.7 Election of Officers. The Officers of the Corporation will be elected at the Corporation’s annual meeting
by the Directors acting in accordance with Section 5.3c. The Officers will serve for a term of one year and until their
successors are elected or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement or removal by the Directors. Officers may
serve unlimited consecutive terms.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-4

