accordance with Section 9 of the DA, and (d) you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications,
and at the location approved by us in accordance with the DA, then:
i.

Initial Franchise Fee. We will waive the payment of the initial franchise fee under Article 2
of the Franchise Agreement. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through
(d) above, the New Restaurant Opening incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant
and you must pay us an initial franchise fee equal to $37,500 no later than ten (10) days
after receipt of written notice from Arby’s describing your failure to comply with the NRO
incentive program.

ii. Temporarily Reduced Royalty Fees. The royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Opening through Year 1
Year 2 to Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term*

0.5%
1.0%
2.0%
4.0%

[Note: Only include the following paragraph and chart if this Amendment is amending the
first or second Franchise Agreement signed in connection with a New DA.] If the
Restaurant opens by December 31, 2028, then no later than sixty (60) days after the fourth
(4th) annual anniversary of the date you actually opened and commenced operations of
the Restaurant, you must submit to us a report, in the format we reasonably specify,
detailing the Restaurant’s trailing-twelve-months’ Gross Sales data (the “Gross Sales
Report”). If the Gross Sales Report demonstrates that the Restaurant collected less than
$1,300,000 during the reporting period, then you must (i) use your good faith efforts to
increase your Gross Sales, and (ii) submit to us an updated Gross Sales Report (the
“Updated Gross Sales Report”) no later than sixty (60) days after the fifth (5th) annual
anniversary of the date you actually opened and commenced operations of the
Restaurant. If (x) you have complied with the conditions in (i) and (ii) above, and are
throughout the term have been in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement,
and (y) the Updated Gross Sales Report demonstrates that the Restaurant collected less
than $1,300,000 during that subsequent reporting period, then the royalty will be further
amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Year 6 to Year 10
Year 11 through remainder of the term

2.0%
4.0%

iii. Temporarily Reduced Advertising and Marketing Service Fee. Notwithstanding Article
10:2:2 of the Franchise Agreement, the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee will be
amended as set forth below; provided, however, the discounts described below are
subject to the then-current minimum Advertising and Marketing Services Fee, as
periodically determined by AFA Service Corporation (or its successor):

D-1-2
2025 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D-1 – Incentives Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1616224245.5

