(e)

Developer shall comply with Arby’s then-current franchising policies and procedures for
issuance of the Franchise Agreements. Arby’s need not issue a Franchise Agreement if
Developer does not meet Arby’s then-current franchising policies and procedures for issuance
of the Franchise Agreements.

(f)

Arby’s shall be under no obligation to execute and issue a Franchise Agreement if Developer
is in breach or default of any other License or Franchise Agreement between Arby’s and
Developer, or if Developer is not eligible for expansion pursuant to Arby’s then-current criteria
for expansion.

(g)

Arby’s shall be under no obligation to execute and issue a Franchise Agreement unless
Developer has complied in a timely manner with all terms and conditions of this Development
Agreement and has satisfied all requirements set forth herein (including construction and
training requirements) with respect to the pertinent accepted site.

(h)

If and when a Franchise Agreement is executed by Arby’s, it shall govern the relations
between the parties with respect to the pertinent Restaurant.

12.
NO RIGHT TO OPERATE OR USE TRADEMARKS. Except as provided herein, Developer
acknowledges that until a Franchise Agreement has been issued for a specified site, Developer shall not have
or be entitled to exercise any of the rights, powers and privileges granted by the Franchise Agreement,
including without limitation the right to use Arby's Trademarks; that the execution of this Development
Agreement shall not be deemed to grant any such rights, powers or privileges to Developer; and that Developer
may not under any circumstances commence operation of any Arby's Restaurant prior to execution by Arby's
of a Franchise Agreement for the pertinent location.
13.
TERMINATION.
notice to either party upon:

This Development Agreement shall terminate immediately and without

(a)

the death of Developer, if Developer is an individual; or

(b)

the commencement of any proceedings by or against Developer under the Bankruptcy Act,
under any Chapter thereof or amendment thereto, or under any other insolvency act, whether
federal or state; the appointment of any trustee or receiver for the business or property of
Developer; or any assignment by Developer for the benefit of creditors.

Arby's shall have the right at its election to terminate this Development Agreement immediately upon notice to
Developer, upon the occurrence of any of the following:
(c)

failure to comply with the Development Schedule;

(d)

the attempted assignment of this Development Agreement without the prior written approval
of Arby's;

(e)

if Developer is a corporation or a partnership, the transfer of any of the capital stock or
partnership interest of such corporation or partnership during the term of this Development
Agreement without the prior written approval of Arby's;

(f)

the discovery by Arby's of any material misrepresentation in any of the information or
documents submitted to Arby's by or on behalf of Developer;

(g)

any violation by Developer of any of the provisions of this Development Agreement; or

DA – 07.25
1619523067.2

4

