ARTICLE 5. BUILDING AND EQUIPMENT
5:1

SIGN STANDARDS
Franchisee shall use only such exterior and interior signs, including any and all replacements
thereof, that comply with and satisfy the requirements of the Manual.

5:2

REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE
Franchisee shall maintain the Franchised Premises in good condition and state of repair as
necessary to comply with and satisfy the requirements of the Manual, including, without limitation,
by repairing or replacing (as applicable) any part of the Franchised Premises (including any
parking lots), equipment, signage and guest touch points that are not in compliance with the
Manual, not in good condition, or not functioning properly.

5:3

REFRESH
In addition to Franchisee’s obligations in Article 5:2 above, including, without limitation, the
obligation to maintain the furniture, fixtures and equipment at the Franchised Premises in good
repair and fully operational in accordance with the requirements of the Manual, on or before the
tenth (10th) anniversary of the date hereof, Franchisee shall do a refresh and upgrade of the
Franchised Premises so that the restaurant building conforms to Arby’s then current exterior
building color specifications for new Arby’s restaurants (without any structural changes) and the
restaurant interior (including, without limitation, the dining room, furniture, fixtures and equipment)
are substantially consistent with the then current image for new Arby’s restaurants. Franchisee
understands and acknowledges that this obligation may require significant capital or other
expenditures during the term of the Franchise Agreement. Prior to the commencement of such
refresh and upgrade, Franchisee shall submit to Arby’s proposed specifications therefor.
Franchisee shall not undertake such refresh and upgrade until Arby’s has approved in writing the
proposed specifications.

5:4

POINT OF SALE SYSTEM, COLLECTION OF DATA
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is necessary for Arby’s to collect financial,
operational and statistical information concerning the Franchised Business and in support of
Arby’s operation of the System and Franchisee further acknowledges its responsibility and
obligation to submit any such information requested by Arby’s within such timeframes as may be
reasonably established by Arby’s. Accordingly, Franchisee agrees to obtain and use computer
hardware and software, including computer, point of sale, and other electronic information
systems, a high-speed Internet connection, and all equipment components and software
necessary for Franchisee to meet all functionality, performance and informational requirements
specified by Arby’s (as the same may be modified by Arby’s in its sole judgment from time to
time), including, without limitation, the ability to accept and process transactions at the Franchised
Business (such as for example mobile ordering and payment systems and other related
technology), to transmit point of sale data to Arby’s, and to facilitate participation in any gift card,
customer loyalty, affinity and similar programs established by Arby’s (collectively, the “computer
system”). Arby’s shall have the right to designate a single source (who may be Arby’s or its
affiliate) from whom Franchisee must purchase certain components or all of the computer system,
related licenses and technology, and related support services. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that Arby’s will have full and complete access to information and data entered and
produced by the computer system. Franchisee bears responsibility for the proper functioning of
the computer system and ensuring it is operational at all times including access to the Internet
and any extranet that may be established. Upon Arby’s request, Franchisee must apply for and
maintain debit card, credit card, or other non-cash payment systems to enable customers to
purchase products at the Franchised Business. Franchisee will at all times comply with the
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, as periodically updated.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

7

