ARTICLE 3. ROYALTY FEE
3:1

MONTHLY ROYALTY FEE PAYMENT
From the date of opening of the Franchised Business, Franchisee shall pay Arby’s a royalty fee
equal to the percentage of Franchisee’s Gross Sales (as defined in Article 3:1:3) from the
operation of the Franchised Business set forth in Exhibit A. This fee attributable to Gross Sales
each month shall be due and received by Arby’s on or before the tenth (10th) day of the following
month without notice from Arby’s. If the Franchised Business first opens for business on any day
other than the first day of a month, the first partial month shall be due in accordance with the
foregoing.
3:1:1

GROSS SALES AND TRANSACTIONS DATA REPORTING
Each payment of royalties must be in a format as specified in the Manual and must be
accompanied by a statement of the relevant Gross Sales and transactions data as well as
any additional information as specified in the Manual. Upon Arby’s request, the statement
of the relevant Gross Sales and transactions data and any such additional information will
be required to be submitted by electronic means as specified by Arby’s in the Manual or
otherwise in writing.

3:1:2

OVERDUE PAYMENTS
All overdue payments shall bear interest from the date due at the rate specified by Arby’s
from time to time, up to the highest rate permitted by the law of the state in which the
Franchised Business is located or the laws of the State of Georgia, whichever is higher,
but in no event to exceed eighteen percent (18.0%) per annum. Overdue payments will
generally be applied to Franchisee’s oldest obligation while Arby’s reserves the right to
apply payments as determined in its sole judgment, regardless of any designation by
Franchisee to the contrary. This interest shall accrue regardless of whether Arby’s
exercises its right to terminate this Franchise Agreement due to Franchisee’s default
hereunder.

3:1:3

DEFINITION OF GROSS SALES
“Gross Sales” is defined as the total revenue received by Franchisee from the sale of all
products and performance of all services in, on or from the Franchised Premises, whether
for cash, check, credit or debit card, barter exchange, trade credit, or other credit
transactions, and including commissions from vending and ATM machines, but excluding
coupons and discounts, and sales tax or any similar taxes which are required by law to be
computed separately and paid by the customer and paid to the appropriate taxing
authority.

3:1:4

ROYALTY FEE CREDITS
Arby’s may designate certain promotional or premium items (other than Licensed
Products) sold by Franchisee as eligible for royalty fee credits. Any such designation will
be made in writing by Arby’s. Arby’s will provide the necessary application form and
procedures that must be followed by Franchisee in order to apply for the royalty fee
credits. The amount of the credit will be calculated by applying the royalty fee percentage
rate to the actual invoice cost of previously-designated promotional or premium items,
including actual freight-in charges paid by Franchisee and excluding returns and
allowances from suppliers. In order to receive the credit, Franchisee must complete and
return on a timely basis the application form with all the required supporting
documentation. The approved amount of royalty fee credit, if any, will be reported to
Franchisee and then may be applied by Franchisee towards future royalty fee payments.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

3

