be governed in accordance with the standard form bylaws provided by Arby’s,
an example of which is attached to this Agreement in Exhibit F. If a
cooperative has been established as of the effective date of this Agreement
for the general market area in which Franchisee’s Restaurant is located,
Franchisee automatically becomes a member of that cooperative when
Franchisee signs this Agreement (although voting rights and contributions do
not begin until the Restaurant contemplated by this Agreement opens and
begins operation).
C. Local Cooperative Payments. Franchisee’s payments to the local cooperative
for, among other items, any and all advertising programs, membership dues
and other participation payments, shall be determined by Franchisee, Arby’s if
it has restaurants within the geographic boundaries of the local cooperative,
and those other franchisees who are members of such local cooperative, as
set forth in the bylaws of that local cooperative organization. Because the
requirement set forth in Article 10:2:1 is a minimum expenditure, Franchisee’s
required payments to the local cooperative organization may exceed three
percent (3.0%) of Franchisee’s Gross Sales. Franchisee shall enter into such
formal agreements with such other franchisees and/or Arby’s, as the case
may be, as shall be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. If Franchisee is
delinquent in its payment of any amounts owed to the local cooperative
organization, any such delinquency shall be deemed a failure to participate in
the local cooperative organization and a breach of Franchisee’s obligations
under this Article 10.
10:2:2 ADVERTISING AND MARKETING SERVICE FEE
Franchisee shall pay to Arby’s an amount of its monthly Gross Sales of not less than one
and two tenths percent (1.2%) or such other rate as may be specified by Arby’s from time
to time as permitted herein, as an advertising and marketing service fee (“Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee”). The Advertising and Marketing Service Fee will be paid at the
same time and in the same manner as the payment of the royalty fee required in Article
3:1 above. To the extent AFA Service Corporation (or its successor) sets a dues
contribution rate for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee in excess of 1.2% for any
Senior Member as described in the AFA Bylaws, Arby’s shall determine the amount of
such excess, if any, which shall be applied against the minimum amount required to be
spent by the Franchisee for local cooperative area advertising.
The Advertising and Marketing Service Fee shall be used to develop and prepare
advertising materials, to undertake marketing research, to purchase national advertising
media of all types, to develop social media/networking programs, to pay the
commissions, fees and expenses of advertising and marketing agencies and consultants,
to pay talent and talent residuals, to provide other marketing and non-marketing services,
and to pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith.
10:3

AFA SERVICE CORPORATION
The Advertising and Marketing Service Fee specified in Article 10:2:2 above shall be forwarded
by Arby’s to AFA Service Corporation, the franchisee organization responsible for the preparation
of materials and performance of the services described in Article 10:2:2 above, so long as
membership in AFA Service Corporation continues to be compulsory for those franchisees of
Arby’s who are members of AFA Service Corporation.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

11

