Except as described above, you currently are not required to purchase or lease any goods,
services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware or software, real estate or
comparable items concerning the establishment or operation of the franchised business from us,
our affiliates, or our approved suppliers. However, you must purchase or lease the Restaurant’s
point-of-sale and back office computer systems, and all other products and services for your
Restaurant, according to our standards and specifications.
On occasion, we or our affiliates may negotiate favorable pricing terms with various suppliers and
vendors for our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants, and we generally offer those same favorable
pricing terms to franchisees for voluntary participation.
ARCOP negotiates purchase
arrangements, including price terms, with suppliers and distributors. In addition, ARCOP may, at
its option, participate in certain purchasing arrangements negotiated by us or our affiliates.
Collectively, the purchases and leases that you must make from us or our affiliates, from
designated or approved suppliers, or under our standards and specifications represent about 90%
of your purchases and leases to establish and operate the Restaurant.
Our affiliates and we do not derive any revenue, favorable pricing not also available to you, or
other material consideration from your purchases or leases from approved suppliers; however,
our beverage suppliers, The Coca-Cola Company, and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. do provide
funding for marketing initiatives, the Arby’s Foundation, and the annual Arby’s franchise
convention. During the fiscal year which ended December 29, 2024, ARG received a rebate from
The Coca-Cola Company and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. based on the gallons of Coca-Cola and
Dr. Pepper cola syrup and other Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper products that our company-owned
Arby’s Restaurants purchased, and franchisees received rebates from The Coca-Cola Company
and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. based on the gallons of Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper syrup and
other Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper products they purchased.
You may operate the Restaurant only from a site that we accept. We will provide you with
standard plans for an approved Restaurant building or layout, including specifications for fixtures,
furnishings, signs, and equipment. However, it is your responsibility to adapt these standard plans
to the accepted site and submit the proposed final working plans to us for approval. You must
maintain the Franchised Premises in good condition and state of repair as necessary to comply
with and satisfy the requirements of the manual. In addition, on or before the 10th anniversary of
the date you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must do a refresh and upgrade of the Franchised
Premises so that the Restaurant building conforms to our then current exterior building color
specifications for new Arby’s restaurants (without any structural changes) and the restaurant
interior (including, the dining room, furniture, fixtures, and equipment) are substantially consistent
with the then current image of new Arby’s restaurants. Before you begin the refresh and upgrade,
you must submit to us proposed specifications for our written approval.
You must obtain and keep in full force and effect insurance covering your business and the
Restaurant’s premises naming us, our owners and affiliates, and AFA (as long as membership is
compulsory under the Franchise Agreement) as additional insureds. You must obtain the
insurance from a responsible insurance company licensed to do business in the state in which
the Restaurant is located and having an A.M. Best insurance rating of “A-” with a FSC (Financial
Size Category) rating of “X”. The commercial general liability insurance must provide coverage
on an occurrence basis for personal injury, bodily injury, property damage, product and
contractual liability in an amount of at least $1,000,000.

37
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

