MTP – Critical
Thinking &
Leadership Skills
Training (2 weeks)
Management Skills

Subject
Learning Curriculum
Courses 301+ 302
Critical Thinking Skills for Arby’s
Restaurant Managers
Leadership Skills for Arby’s Restaurant
Managers (Industry techniques for
successful leaders)
Establish high degree of proficiency in
the Manager in Charge role
Requirements
Completion of MTP Curriculum within
Arby’s Learning Hub
Meet expectations as defined in
Weekly Review (end of week
appraisal)
Pass Knowledge Checks with 90% or
better to be eligible for MTP
Certification
Demonstrate MIC Skills by passing
Management Observation Checklist with
90% or better to receive MTP Certification

Totals

Hours
On-the-Job
Training
96

Hours
Classroom
Training
0

336

0

Location
NCTR

The instructional materials are the online Arby’s Manual, webinars (electronic seminars on an
internet portal), online videos, manuals, checklists, demonstrations, practice and quizzes. The
experience of the instructors that is relevant to the subjects taught and the operations of the Arby’s
Restaurant system ranges from one to 30 years. There is no training fee for the programs
described above for the first 3 participants from your first Restaurant and one participant from
your second Restaurant, but you must pay the cost of transportation, room and board, and all
other costs and expenses for you and your employees. After these first 4 participants have
attended MTP, then you are responsible for any applicable training fees, along with the cost of
transportation, room and board, and all other costs and expenses. We pay no compensation to
you or your employees while in training.
In addition to the NFO and the MTP, we utilize the Revitalization Roadmap for your first and
second Arby’s Restaurants to assist with successful executions for new Restaurant openings.
For the first Restaurant you open, the training includes the services of 2 people to assist with the
needed pre-opening and post-opening crew training at the Restaurant for 10 calendar days. For
the second Restaurant you open, the training includes the services of one person to assist with
the needed pre-opening and post-opening crew training at the Restaurant for 6 calendar days.
We may, in our sole judgment, specify additional training requirements, including supplemental
or refresher training programs for you, your managers and/or employees. These additional
training requirements may require that you pay our associated costs and expenses (including
training fees). Currently we offer ongoing training through our Cornerstone Learning Management
System.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be
intended for stand-alone Arby’s Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations.
49
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

