assessment will be shared by the Members in proportion to their Member Contribution Rates. For example, a
Member with a Member Contribution Rate of 5% will pay twice as much of the assessment as a Member with a
2.5% Member Contribution Rate.
ARTICLE 9
MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 Contracts. The Co-op may authorize any Officer or Officers, agent or agents of the Corporation to
enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and
such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.
9.2 Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other
evidence of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation must be approved by the Secretary/Treasurer and
signed by at least one Officer or agent of the Corporation in any manner that from time to time may be determined
by resolution of the Directors.
9.3 Deposits. All funds of the Corporation will be deposited from time to time to the credit of the
Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as the Co-op may select.
9.4 Advertising Agencies or Media Buying Service. The Co-op must engage the services of an
independent advertising agency or media buying service for the placement of the Corporation's advertising on
behalf of the Members as determined by the Directors acting in accordance with Section 5.3c.
9.5 Policies, Procedures and Marketing Guidelines. The Co-op may, from time to time, establish certain
Policies, Procedures and Marketing Guidelines with respect to the operations of the Corporation. These Policies,
Procedures and Marketing Guidelines will be distributed to each Member and will be binding on each Member with
regard to all matters relating to the operations of the Corporation.
9.6 No Corporate Seal. The Corporation will not have a corporate seal.
ARTICLE 10
BOOKS AND RECORDS
10.1 Corporate Records. The Corporation will keep correct and complete books and records of accounts
and will also keep minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and any committees thereof, and will keep at
its principal office a record giving the names and addresses of the Members in good standing. All books and
records of the Corporation may be inspected by any Member, or its agent or attorney, for any proper purpose
during regular business hours upon reasonable advance notice.
ARTICLE 11
FISCAL YEAR
11.1 The Corporation’s fiscal year will be the calendar year.
ARTICLE 12
AMENDMENT
12.1 The Bylaws of the Corporation may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws may be
adopted by a vote of not less than a two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the Eligible Directors present at
the time of the vote at any meeting of the Directors, provided however, that the Bylaws may be so altered,
amended or repealed, and new Bylaws adopted only if notice of the intention to alter, amend, repeal or adopt new
Bylaws and the general nature of the proposed change in the Bylaws will have been given to all Members in a
notice of the meeting at least ten (10) days prior to such meeting. Such notices will be issued either by hand, first
class mail, expedited mail, email, or facsimile.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-9

