11.

This estimates the costs for leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, other fixed assets
and other aspects of the décor package. You must purchase your décor package from
our approved suppliers. Costs will vary depending upon the number of seats and the mix
of tables, chairs, and booths. Décor must comply with Arby’s current image.

12.

Signage and drive-thru costs include Arby’s signage, menu boards, and drive-thru
package components where applicable. You must install indoor and outdoor signage
when applicable. You must purchase signs and menu boards from our approved
suppliers. Costs will vary by site and facility type. Certain enhancements to signage and
to the drive-thru package are optional.

13.

You will incur pre-opening labor expenses for salaried and hourly workers. These
expenses will vary by geography, market conditions and facility type, as well as your
business decisions. The estimates assume that you will pay restaurant managers for 1.5
to 3 months before opening, assistant managers for 2 to 9 weeks at 40 hours per week,
and other employees for 3 to 4 weeks. Your own expenses may differ depending on actual
staffing levels, state employer taxes, wage and benefit levels.

14.

Amounts for opening inventory may vary according to facility type.

15.

Insurance costs vary depending on your insurability, Restaurant location and facility type.
You typically will pay your entire premium for workers’ compensation, property and
casualty insurance in advance.

16.

This amount estimates the funds needed to cover initial operating expenses, including
Restaurant management salaries, for a period of 3 months of operation (other than the
items identified separately in the table). These figures are estimates, and we cannot
guarantee you will not have additional expenses starting the business. You might need
additional working capital during the first 3 months you operate your Restaurant and for a
longer period after that. This 3-month period is not intended, and should not be
interpreted, to identify a point at which your Restaurant will break even. Your costs will
depend on factors such as how closely you follow our recommended methods and
procedures; your management skill, experience and business acumen; local economic
conditions; the local market for the Restaurant’s products; the prevailing wage rate;
competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period.

17.

This covers the estimated cost of business permits and licenses, utility deposits, taxes
and other prepaid expenses.

18.

We relied on our, our affiliates’, and our predecessors’ over 50 years of experience in
developing, operating and franchising Arby’s Restaurants since to prepare the estimate
for additional funds and other estimates in this table. You should review these figures
carefully with a business advisor, your accountant and/or your attorney before deciding to
acquire the franchise. The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt
service obligation. Except for the security deposit under a real property lease, which
typically is refundable if you comply with the lease’s terms, none of the payments is likely
to be refundable, although this may depend on your negotiations with others. Neither we
nor our affiliates offer financing for any part of the initial investment. The availability and
terms of financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally,
your creditworthiness and collateral and the lending policies of financial institutions from
which you request a loan.
34

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

