(h)

the termination by Arby's of any License or Franchise Agreement or other agreement between
Arby's and Developer or Developer's failure to cure a default under any other agreement
between Arby's and Developer within the time specified by Arby's.

For purposes of Sections 11 and 13 herein, any License or Franchise Agreements issued to
Developer, any affiliated company of Developer or any corporation, Guarantor, partnership or joint venture (or
their affiliates) in which Developer or any stockholder, Guarantor, partner or joint venture of Developer, direct
or indirect, has any interest of ownership or participation, regardless of location, shall be deemed an agreement
between Arby's and Developer.
14.
EFFECT OF EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION. Upon expiration or completion of this
Development Agreement, or upon termination for any reason, the rights granted to Developer pursuant to
Section 1 of this Development Agreement shall be extinguished immediately. Unless the parties have
executed a new development agreement, Arby's thereafter shall have the right to operate or permit others to
operate Arby's Restaurants within the Territory, except as limited by the Unit Trading Area or Protected Area
provisions of any then-effective License or Franchise Agreements.
15.
CONFIDENTIALITY. At all times during the term of this Development Agreement, and after
termination of this Development Agreement for any reason, Developer (and its directors, officers, employees,
representatives, managers, shareholders, members, partners, or other equity owners and any Guarantors)
shall not divulge, disclose or communicate, directly or indirectly, to any other person or entity any confidential
or proprietary information or knowledge obtained from Arby's.
16.
ASSIGNMENT. This Development Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon Arby's, its successors and assigns. However, neither this Development Agreement nor any of
Developer's rights hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by Developer, directly or indirectly, by
operation of law or otherwise, without prior written approval from Arby's.
17.
NEW DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT. If Developer wishes to negotiate a new development
agreement with Arby's with respect to further development of Arby's Restaurants in the Territory, Developer
must so advise Arby's in writing sixty (60) calendar days before the expiration date of this Development
Agreement or sixty (60) calendar days before the anticipated date of execution of the Franchise Agreement
for the final restaurant under the Development Schedule in Exhibit B. Subject to receipt of such notice and so
long as Developer has substantially complied with the Development Agreement during the initial term, and at
the expiration date of the Development Agreement, and within twelve (12) months prior thereto, Developer is
not and has not been in default in the performance of any material obligation under this Development
Agreement or any License or Franchise Agreement or other agreement with Arby's, Arby's then will negotiate
in good faith with Developer with respect to a new development agreement during the remainder of the term
of this Development Agreement.
18.
NOTICE. Any and all notices and demands required to be given hereunder shall be in writing
and sent by a recognized overnight delivery or express service that provides evidence of delivery or attempted
delivery (e.g. Fed Ex; DHL) to Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Attention: General Counsel, Three Glenlake Parkway
NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328, and by facsimile to (678) 514-5344 and to Developer at the notice address
specified in Exhibit B, or to such other addresses as either party may hereafter provide to the other as a notice
or principal address. Developer is required to provide Arby’s with an official email address which will be set
forth in Exhibit B to receive communications, and Arby’s electronic transmission of these communications to
this email address shall be considered valid written notice delivered in compliance with this Section 18. Any
notice, demand, or communication shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or attempted delivery.
Developer must notify Arby’s of and maintain a street address for the purposes of all notices required
hereunder, and shall provide Arby’s with current facsimile, phone numbers and addresses (including email) in
order to maintain current notice and contact information.
19.
GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM SELECTION. This Development Agreement shall be
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia. In the event of any
dispute concerning the parties' rights or obligations under this Development Agreement, Developer agrees to
file any suit against Arby's only in the federal or state court having jurisdiction where Arby's principal office is
then located.
DA – 07.25
1619523067.2

5

