7:2

PURCHASE OF ITEMS
Except as may be set forth otherwise to the contrary by Arby’s, including in the Manual,
Franchisee may purchase the items specified in Article 7:1 above, or components or ingredients
thereof, and any equipment or signs used in the Franchised Business, from any source approved
by Arby’s. Arby’s may receive profits or commissions on any sales made directly by Arby’s to
Franchisee.
7:2:1

APPROVAL OF SUPPLIER
If Franchisee desires to purchase any of the items specified in Article 7:1 above, or
components or ingredients thereof, and/or any equipment or signs for use in the
Franchised Business, from a supplier who has not been approved by Arby’s, Franchisee
may request in writing approval by Arby’s of such supplier. Arby’s may approve such
proposed supplier if in Arby’s sole judgment the proposed supplier can meet and
maintain Arby’s specifications, standards and requirements. Arby’s approval of any
supplier or distributor will be based on Arby’s approval criteria in existence at that time. In
making any such request, Franchisee at its expense shall furnish Arby’s with adequate
samples of the items for which approval is being requested or, if that is not feasible, with
copies of descriptions, specifications and pictures of such items. Franchisee shall not
sell, dispense or use any such items unless and until Arby’s has given written notice of
approval to Franchisee. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to require Arby’s to
approve any particular supplier or distributor, or approve an unreasonable number of
suppliers for any particular item or service.

7:2:2

CHARGE FOR APPROVAL
As a condition precedent to approving or disapproving any request for a new or additional
supplier, Arby’s reserves the right to charge proposed supplier the reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by Arby’s in evaluating and investigating any such request.

7:2:3

NO INTENTION TO LIMIT SOURCES
Except as may be set forth otherwise to the contrary by Arby’s, including in the Manual,
nothing contained in this Franchise Agreement shall be construed as an attempt by
Arby’s to limit the sources from which Franchisee may procure supplies, equipment,
services or other items.

ARTICLE 8. VARIATION OF TERMS
8:1

DIFFERING LICENSE AND FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS
Franchisee understands and acknowledges that other franchisees of Arby’s may be granted
license or franchise agreements at different times and in different situations.
Franchisee
acknowledges that the provisions of such agreements may vary substantially from those
contained in this Franchise Agreement and that Franchisee’s obligations hereunder may differ
substantially from those of other franchisees.

8:2

VARYING REQUIREMENTS
Arby’s shall have the right in its sole judgment to vary its specifications, standards, and operating
practices and requirements among franchisees (which may include Franchisee), including,
without limitation, those relating to building, equipment, signage, operations and Licensed
Products. Arby’s may impose such variations to address differing or unique circumstances or for
other reasons Arby’s, in its sole judgment, deems good and sufficient. Franchisee understands

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

9

