Certified Training Restaurant (“NCTR”). For all of your subsequent Arby’s Restaurants, you must
at all times employ one manager for each Restaurant who has completed MTP Learning Path at
an NCTR. The current fee for this training $2,100 per attendee, but we waive the training fee for
3 managers in your first Restaurant and one manager in your second Restaurant. You must pay
the non-refundable and uniform training fee for all your other attendees, and you pay your
trainees’ expenses. We estimate that your training fees will range from $0 to $6,300.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate an Arby’s
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due
under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees
described in this Item. If you operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may
qualify for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay us any
training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or
specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand
Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses
for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2025.
6.

OTHER FEES
OTHER FEES

(1)
Type of Fee
Royalty Fee

Advertising and
Marketing
Service Fee

(2)
Amount
4% of Gross Sales, subject
to applicable incentives.1, 2
6.2% of Gross Sales for
Non-Traditional
Restaurants. 1, 2
Currently a minimum
aggregate expenditure of
5.2% of Gross Sales
comprised of this fee, Local
Market Advertising, and
Local Cooperative Area
Advertising (if applicable),
as discussed below, for
Traditional Restaurants,
subject to applicable
incentives.1,3

(3)
Due Date
Payable monthly
on or before the
10th day of the
following month.

(4)
Remarks

Same as Royalty
Fee.

We or AFA Service Corporation
(“AFA”) periodically establish the
Advertising and Marketing Service
Fee, which currently ranges from
3.22% to 5% of Gross Sales for
Traditional Restaurants. AFA is the
franchisee organization responsible
for the performance of advertising and
marketing services.
We make a payment to AFA from the
Royalty Fee equal to 2.2% of Gross
Sales on behalf of Non-Traditional
Restaurant franchisees.

23
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

