Marketing Service Fee as discussed in the table above and the Local Cooperative Area
Advertising program (if any) discussed below.
Local Cooperative Area Advertising: This is a percentage of monthly Gross Sales, with a
current minimum aggregate expenditure of 5.2% of Gross Sales comprised of this fee, the
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, and Local Market Advertising. Participants in the
Local Cooperative Area Advertising program determine this fee, and it is currently in the
general range of 3% to 7% of monthly Gross Sales. “Area” for determining participation
in a Local Cooperative Area Advertising program, in most instances, is defined using the
A.C. Nielsen DMA county coverage designation method as those terms are used in the
advertising industry. Our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants have the same voting
power as franchised restaurants in the Local Cooperative Area Advertising program; each
Arby’s Restaurant has one vote. Note that we may have controlling votes in a Local
Cooperative Area Advertising program if we have the majority of restaurants that
participate in a particular advertising cooperative.
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee: Effective January 1, 2024, the AFA Board of
Directors approved dues based on a rate structure whereby the amount of Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee ranges from 3.22% to 5.00%. The most current tiered rate
structure, if any, is shown in Exhibit D to the Franchise Agreement. The Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee and tiered rate structure may change in the future, including the
elimination or reinstatement of the tiered rate structure.
Based on the current tiered rate structure for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee
(which AFA may change in the future), your minimum Local Market and Local Cooperative
will vary depending on the market in which you are located and the dues paid to the AFA,
ranging from 0.2% to 1.98%.
We pay the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee for Non-Traditional Restaurants from
our royalty and forward the payment to AFA, and Non-Traditional Restaurants do not
participate in Local Cooperative Area Advertising programs.
Effective April 12, 2023, we and the AFA Board of Directors approved discounts on
amounts that qualifying franchisees will pay to as AFA dues and the Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee. If you qualify for the NRO, then the Advertising and Marketing
Service Fee is reduced as follows:
Duration of Effective Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee

Discount on Advertising and
Marketing Service Fee*

Opening through Year 3
Year 4
Year 5 through remainder of the term

75% Discount Off Standard Dues
50% Discount Off Standard Dues
Standard Dues

* You must pay at least the then-current minimum Advertising and Marketing Service Fee
that is set by the AFA to cover fixed operational expenses. The current minimum
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee is 0.85% of Gross Sales.

29
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

