periodic progress reports as may be requested by Arby’s. Developer shall submit actual construction costs to
Arby’s within one hundred twenty (120) days of project completion.
10.

TRAINING.

(a)

Developer, a general partner of Developer (if Developer is a partnership), or the majority
shareholder, limited partner, member or other equity owner of Developer (if Developer is a
corporation), must complete Arby's New Franchisee Orientation (“NFO”) program prior to
issuance of the Franchise Agreement unless Developer is already operating at least one
Arby's Restaurant.

(b)

Three representatives of Developer must attend and be certified at Arby’s Restaurant
Management Training Program (“MTP”), or a comparable training program approved by us in
our sole judgment, at a Nationally Certified Training Restaurant (“NCTR”), prior to issuance of
the first Franchise Agreement. If Developer is an individual who intends to participate in the
daily operation of the Restaurant, or if Developer includes a general partner or shareholder,
limited partner, member or other equity owner who intends to participate in the daily operation
of the Restaurant, that person must attend and be certified at the MTP as one of Developer's
three representatives.

(c)

If Developer is already operating one Arby's Restaurant, three additional representatives of
Developer must attend and be certified at MTP prior to issuance of the second Franchise
Agreement, and one representative of Developer per Restaurant must attend and be certified
at MTP prior to the issuance of any and all subsequent Franchise Agreements.

(d)

Arby's will pay the tuition for training at the NFO program and for attendance at MTP of up to
three managers at an NCTR for the first Restaurant and one manager for the second
Restaurant. All other tuition and expenses shall be the sole responsibility of Developer
(including training fees or tuition).

11.

FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.

(a)

No Arby’s Restaurant may be opened or operated by Developer under any circumstances until
the required Franchise Fee shown on Exhibit B has been paid and the Franchise Agreement
for such location has been executed by Arby’s.

(b)

The Franchise Fee for each Franchise Agreement must be paid upon the earlier of either
ninety (90) calendar days prior to the scheduled opening or upon commencement of
construction.

(c)

All Franchise Agreements issued pursuant to this Development Agreement will contain
generally the same terms and conditions as are being offered to other franchisees similarly
situated at the time of issuance, including without limitation those pertaining to the duration of
the Franchise Agreement, except that, as long as Developer fully complies with this
Development Agreement, the fees payable under each Franchise Agreement will reflect the
royalty and/or franchise fee incentive programs listed on Exhibit B. If Developer fails to comply
with the Development Schedule or any other provision of this Development Agreement, then,
without limiting Arby’s other rights and remedies, including without limitation the right to
terminate this Development Agreement pursuant to Section 13, Developer shall no longer be
eligible for any royalty and/or franchise incentive programs listed on Exhibit B.

(d)

As a condition to Arby’s execution of each Franchise Agreement, Arby’s may require
Developer’s principals, or its ultimate parent company, if any, (the “Guarantors”) to execute,
in a form acceptable to Arby’s in its sole judgment, a guaranty to secure payment of royalties
and other fees required to be paid and performance of all obligations under the Franchise
Agreement.

DA – 07.25
1619523067.2

3

