7.8 Vacancies. Any vacancy resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, relocation or reassignment of
an Officer will be filled by a representative of the Member who employed such former Officer. Any vacancies
resulting from the removal of an Officer pursuant to Section 7.9 will be filled by vote of the Board of Directors in
accordance with Section 5.3c.
7.9 Removal of Officers and Agents. An Officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed by a simple
majority of all votes entitled to be cast by the Eligible Directors whenever in their judgment the best interests of the
Corporation will be served by the removal. The removal will be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the
person removed. Any officer representing a Member who owes a financial obligation to AFL or to the Co-op that is
outstanding more than thirty (30) days past its due date (e.g. Co-op dues remain unpaid for more than thirty (30)
days after the tenth (10th) day of the month), will be automatically removed from office. The vacancy will be filled in
accordance with the second sentence of Section 7.8 hereof, provided that the Officer must be a representative of a
Member in good standing.
ARTICLE 8
MEMBERSHIP DUES
8.1
Dues. Each Member pays dues to the Corporation as a percentage of the monthly Gross Sales for
each Restaurant owned by such Member. The Member’s dues are calculated in accordance with Section 8.2
below. Upon first joining the Co-op, the Member’s Co-op membership letter will specify its initial dues. From time
to time, the Co-op may change the Member’s dues by increasing or reducing either the Co-op Contribution Rate or
the Member Contribution Rate. Any change to the Member’s dues is effective in the same month that the change is
approved by the Directors and payable the following month.
8.2
Co-op Contribution Rate. The Directors will establish the Co-op Contribution Rate acting in
accordance with Section 5.3c. The Co-op Contribution Rate is the rate from which all Member Contribution Rates
are derived. In the event that the Directors do not approve a change in the Co-op Contribution Rate, the existing
Co-op Contribution Rate will remain unchanged.
a. Member Contribution Rate. The Member Contribution Rate is the rate, calculated pursuant to
the formula set forth in Sections 8.2 b - f below that the individual Member pays to the Co-op.
b. Base County Rate Participation Methodology for Local Spot TV. The Member Contribution Rate
with respect to any Restaurant will be based on the percentage of broadcast television coverage
(hereinafter “Audience Share”) received by the county or portion thereof in which such Restaurant
is located relative to the Audience Share received by the Base County of the DMA, as such
percentages are reported by Nielsen. Three (3) years of Audience Share is averaged to
determine the current year’s coverage for each County where an Arby’s Restaurant is
located. This method is termed as the 3-year Rolling Average. The 3-year Rolling Average
methodology averages the Audience Share for the year the calculation is being completed,
plus the two previous years for a total of three (3) Audience Share data points. This is done
for all Counties where an Arby’s Restaurant is present, including the Base County, as it has
yet to be determined at this point. Once the 3-year Rolling Average is complete, the current
contribution calculation process is followed moving forward. For purposes of this Article 8,
the "Base County” is defined as the county with the largest Audience Share in the DMA containing
an Arby's Restaurant, provided that the county has at least 50 in-tabs. The normal minimum
sample size for the release of any station data is 50 in-tab diary households. In situations
where county data is based solely on Local People Meter (LPM) samples, or a combination
of LPM and diary samples, the minimum sample size required is dependent upon the
number of measurements using each sample methodology. The following table shows the
minimum sample size required in such cases.
Current LPM markets: New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco, Philadelphia,
Washington DC, Atlanta, Dallas, Detroit, Boston

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

F-5

