All Franchise Agreements that the Development Agreement covers will contain generally the
same terms and conditions as we are then offering to other franchisees similarly situated at the
time of issuance, including those pertaining to the duration of the Franchise Agreement. However,
if you fully comply with the Development Agreement, the royalty fee payable under each
Franchise Agreement will reflect the Royalty Fee described in Item 6.
There is no development fee when you sign a Development Agreement for a Non-Traditional
Restaurant, but you must pay the initial franchise fee for a Non-Traditional Restaurant when you
sign the Franchise Agreement.
Incentives
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. The New Restaurant Opening (“NRO”) incentive program is
designed to increase the penetration and presence of the Arby’s brand. You may qualify to
participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before
March 31, 2026 to develop 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants. You may also qualify to
participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before
March 31, 2026 to re-open 1 or more Traditional Restaurants at a site we approve (without
relocating it), and as of the date the Development Agreement is signed, the Traditional Restaurant
that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days. You also may
qualify to participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to an
existing Development Agreement (see Exhibit C-1) (the “Incentive Amendment”) and amend your
existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to add 1 or more new Traditional
Restaurants to your existing development schedule.
Under the NRO incentive program, you must pay us a development fee of $12,500 for each new
Traditional Restaurant you agree to develop when you sign the new Development Agreement or
amendment to the existing Development Agreement.
If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or
your affiliates) and us when you open or re-open the Traditional Restaurant, you open or re-open
the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement (including the
Development Schedule), you submit development costs to us in the form we require within 120
days of opening the Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Restaurant in the design,
to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then we will waive the initial franchise fee
and you will pay reduced Royalty Fees and Advertising and Marketing Service Fees, as described
in Item 6 for each new Traditional Restaurant you develop and operate in compliance with the
Development Agreement (plus any existing Traditional Restaurant(s) under the development
schedule that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the
Incentive Amendment to your existing Development Agreement). Additionally, if you qualify for
the NRO incentive, and the NRO incentive is applied to a Traditional Restaurant that is located
within a 2.5 mile radius of one of your Qualified Existing Restaurants, then we will credit the
$12,500 development fee towards the Royalty Fees due under the applicable Franchise
Agreement. A “Qualified Existing Arby’s Restaurant” means any Traditional or Non-Traditional
Restaurant owned and operated by you or your affiliate.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then the NRO incentive program will not
apply. The NRO incentive program does not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise
Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at a NonTraditional Location, as a relocation of an existing or closed Restaurant (except as described
above), or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing Restaurant.
21
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

