money, guarantee leases, provide financing or otherwise become directly involved and/or obligated to
Developer or to any third party in respect of such site selection or development; these activities and
undertakings shall be the exclusive responsibility of Developer, financially and otherwise.
6.
SITE ACCEPTANCE. Upon selection by Developer of a proposed site for a Restaurant,
Developer shall promptly submit to Arby's such specific site data and demographic and other information
concerning the site as may be reasonably required by Arby's, utilizing such forms as may be required by Arby's.
Arby's shall either accept or reject such site in accordance with Arby's then-current site selection policies and
procedures. To be effective, any acceptance must be in writing. Developer understands and acknowledges
that Arby's may reject any proposed site, in which event, Developer will not proceed at the rejected site but will
seek to locate an acceptable site. The acquisition in any manner of any proposed site or the expenditure of
any amount associated with any proposed site prior to written acceptance by Arby's shall be at the sole risk
and responsibility of Developer and shall not obligate Arby's, in any way, to accept same.
7.
DISCLAIMER. In executing this Development Agreement, accepting a proposed site, giving
approvals or advice, or providing services or assistance in connection with this Development Agreement,
Arby's does not guarantee the suitability of an accepted site or the success of any Arby's Restaurant
established at such site. Arby's expressly disclaims any warranties, express or implied, with respect to the
suitability of any site or the success of any Restaurant. Developer understands and acknowledges that the
suitability of a site and the success of any Restaurant depends on many factors outside the control of either
Arby's or Developer (such as interest rates, unemployment rates, demographic trends, and the general
economic climate), but principally depends on Developer's efforts in the operation of the Restaurant.
8.
LOCATION REQUIREMENTS. As a condition for accepting a proposed site, Arby's may
require Developer to negotiate a lease or sales contract that includes certain terms regarding duration or other
specified matters. Developer understands and acknowledges that a site acceptance may be conditioned on
such matters, and if Developer does not wish to or cannot satisfy the pertinent conditions within a reasonable
time, the site will be deemed rejected. If Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) will be leasing the site
for its Restaurant, then promptly following Arby’s written approval of the site and prior to Developer (or a
licensed entity of Developer) becoming a lessee of the Franchised Premises, he/ she will provide Arby’s with
a true, correct and complete copy of any such lease, which lease is subject to Arby’s acceptance, which
acceptance will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. Additionally, Developer (or a licensed
entity of Developer) will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to include the following terms in its lease
for the Franchised Premises: (i) a provision reserving to Arby’s the right to receive an assignment of the lease
upon termination (prior to expiration) of the Franchise Agreement; (ii) a provision requiring the lessor
concurrently to send Arby’s a copy of any written notice of a lease default sent to Developer (or a licensed
entity of Developer) and granting Arby’s the right (but not the obligation) to cure any lease default within fifteen
(15) business days after the expiration of Developer’s (or a licensed entity of Developer’s) cure period; (iii) a
provision evidencing their right to display the Trademarks according to the specifications in the Arby’s
Operating Standards Manual (“Manual”) (subject only to applicable law); and (iv) provisions, in form satisfactory
to Arby’s, expressly providing both Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) and Arby’s the ability to take
all actions necessary in order to comply with Arby’s option to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement,
including but not limited to, requiring the lessor thereunder to give Arby’s reasonable notice of any
contemplated termination. Neither Arby’s acceptance of the Franchised Premises nor Arby’s review and
acceptance of the lease shall constitute a guarantee or warranty, express or implied, of the successful
operation or profitability of a Restaurant at the Franchised Premises. Such review and acceptance indicate
only that Arby’s believes the Franchised Premises and the lease terms meet Arby’s then current criteria.
9.
CONSTRUCTION.
Upon receiving acceptance for a proposed site, Developer shall
proceed promptly to secure control of the accepted site and to obtain necessary zoning and building approvals
and permits. Arby’s will provide standard plans for the Arby’s-approved building, including specifications for
fixtures, furnishings, signs, and equipment. Developer must hire an architect and general contractor to adapt
these standard plans to the accepted site and must submit final working plans to Arby’s for approval within the
time limits set by Arby’s. Developer shall not proceed with construction or remodeling until Developer has
received Arby’s written approval of the final working plans. Developer shall ensure that the building is
constructed or remodeled in accordance with the final working plans and specifications designated and
approved by Arby’s in writing. Developer will allow Arby’s to make periodic inspections and will provide such
DA – 07.25
1619523067.2

2

