franchisees under their franchise agreements. ARG also acts as our franchise sales agent. We
pay management fees to ARG for these services. However, as the franchisor, we are responsible
and accountable to you to make sure that all services we promise to perform under your Franchise
Agreement or other agreement you sign with us are performed in compliance with the applicable
agreement, regardless of who performs these services on our behalf.
Our affiliate, IRB Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation, (“IRB”) is an approved supplier of the
Arby’s Order Ahead Platform described in Item 8. IRB has never operated any Arby’s Restaurants
or offered franchises in any other line of business, and IRB’s principal business address is the
same as our address.
Other current and former affiliates have in the past offered franchises for other restaurant
concepts, including T.J. Cinnamon’s stores, which served baked goods. All remaining T.J.
Cinnamon’s stores closed in 2019.
Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs
Another of our parent companies is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire Brands”), whose principal
business address is the same as ours. Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant
company, launched upon completion of the merger between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a
parent of the Buffalo Wild Wings brand in February 2018. Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed
below are our affiliates who own and administer the network of franchised and company-owned
restaurants operating under the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy
John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands. Unless otherwise stated, all Inspire Brands’
subsidiaries share our principal business address. Except as described below, none of Inspire
Brands’ subsidiaries have ever operated or offered franchises for Arby’s Restaurants or offered
franchises in any other line of business.
Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc. (“BWWI”) is a franchisor of sports entertainmentoriented casual sports bars that feature chicken wings, sandwiches, and other products,
alcoholic and other beverages, and related services under the Buffalo Wild Wings name
(“Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars”) and restaurants that feature chicken wings and other
food and beverage products primarily for off-premises consumption under the Buffalo Wild
Wings GO name (“BWW-GO Restaurants”). BWWI has offered franchises for Buffalo Wild
Wings Sports Bars since April 1991 and for BWW-GO Restaurants since December 2020.
As of December 29, 2024, there were 1,183 Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars operating in
the United States (538 franchised and 645 company-owned). As of December 29, 2024,
there were 140 BWW-GO Restaurants operating in the United States (90 franchised and
50 company-owned).
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC (“DD”) is the franchisor of Dunkin’ restaurants in the
United States and certain international territories. DD became a subsidiary of Inspire
Brands in December 2020Dunkin’ restaurants offer doughnuts, coffee, espresso,
breakfast sandwiches, bagels, muffins, compatible bakery products, croissants, snacks,
sandwiches and beverages. DD has offered franchises for Dunkin’ restaurants since
March 2006. As of December 29, 2024, there were 9,768 Dunkin’ restaurants operating
in the United States (9,734 franchised and 34 company-owned). Of those 9,768
restaurants, 8,480 were single-branded Dunkin’ restaurants, 18 were franchised Dunkin’
restaurants operating at Multi-Brand Locations, 1 was a company-owned Dunkin’
restaurant operating at a Multi-Brand Location, and 1,269 were franchised Dunkin’ and
Baskin-Robbins combo restaurants.
4
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

