ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:
Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are
observable or whose significant value drivers are observable.
Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there
is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value
require significant management judgment or estimation.
Contributions from and Distributions to Parent
Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company presents
contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the consolidated statements of stockholder's deficit. The net
distributions in a year are first recorded to "Retained earnings", if any, until the cumulative retained earnings balance is
reduced to zero. Any remaining distributions in a year are then recorded to “Additional paid-in capital,” if any, until the
cumulative “Additional paid-in capital” balance is reduced to zero and are then subsequently recorded to “Accumulated
deficit.” The net contributions in a year are recorded to "Additional paid-in capital." The Company presents contributions
from and distributions to Parent on a net basis as a financing activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Out-of-Period Adjustments
The Company recorded an after-tax adjustment of $5.6 million in its consolidated statement of income for the year ended
December 31, 2023 reflecting the impact of a prior period error identified and corrected during 2023. The prior period error
was primarily associated with a disposal of assets in 2021 that resulted in a gain in "Other operating income (loss), net".
Additionally, the Company recorded an after-tax charge of $4.1 million in its consolidated statement of income for the year
ended January 1, 2023 reflecting the cumulative impact of prior period errors identified and corrected during 2022. The prior
period errors were primarily associated with the estimated useful lives of certain leasehold improvements that extended
beyond the terms of the respective leases.
Based on an analysis of qualitative and quantitative factors, the Company concluded that the cumulative impact of these
errors was not material to any of the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements.
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the reported results of operations.
New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
Income Taxes (ASU 2023-09)
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09") which requires additional disclosures in the rate reconciliation about specific categories of
reconciling items and any individual jurisdictions that result in a significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the
effective tax rate. ASU 2023-09 also requires entities to disclose annual income taxes paid (net of refunds received)
disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and in some cases to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on
a quantitative threshold. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2026, with early adoption
permitted, and may be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
effects of adoption of ASU 2023-09 and expects to provide additional detail and disclosures under this new guidance.

- 13 -

