4.
Operation as a Multi-Brand Location. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor, at its
option, may modify any of the terms of the franchise system applicable to the Franchised
Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design requirements, the products and
services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing and promotional programs,
required equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel training and staffing
requirements, and other standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner that is different
from the manner in which those terms apply to other Brand Restaurants, in order to reflect the
Franchised Restaurant’s status as a multi-brand location. Franchisee agrees to comply with all of
those modifications. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
(a)
Franchisee shall design and construct, and/or make modifications to, the
Franchised Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and fixtures that Franchisor specifies to
reflect the multi-brand location.
(b)
Franchisee agrees that its (or Co-Operators’) development and operation of
the Other Restaurants shall not unreasonably interfere with or otherwise disrupt the
Franchised Restaurant’s operations. The operation of the Other Restaurants must be
consistent with and complement Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant.
(c)
Franchisee acknowledges that the services, guidance and assistance that
Franchisor provides under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be
intended for stand-alone Brand Restaurants and not tailored or specific to multi-brand
locations like the Franchised Restaurant.
(d)
Franchisee may not open and begin operating the Franchised Restaurant
unless the Other Restaurants are also open and in operation. Franchisee shall ensure that
the Other Restaurants are open and operating during all business hours that the Franchised
Restaurant is open and operating.
(e)
Franchisee must use paper products and other items bearing the Brand
Restaurants’ trademarks and trade names only at the Franchised Restaurant and with
products served by the Franchised Restaurant, and Franchisee (or its Co-Operators) may
not use them at the Other Restaurants or with products served by the Other Restaurants.
(f)
Franchisee (and, if applicable, its Co-Operators) shall notify the customers
of the Franchised Restaurant and the Other Restaurants, and the design and layout of the
Franchised Restaurant and Other Restaurants shall reflect, all in the manner Franchisor
periodically specifies, that the operation of the Other Restaurants is separate from and
independent of the Franchised Restaurant. Without limiting the foregoing, at Franchisor’s
option, Franchisee (and, if applicable, its Co-Operators) may use certain areas of the
premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and other computer equipment)
only for the business associated with the Franchised Restaurant and not the Other
Restaurants. Likewise, at Franchisor’s option, Franchisee (and, if applicable, its CoOperators) may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale
systems and other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Other
Restaurants and not the Franchised Restaurant. Unless Franchisor otherwise specifies or
approves, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the
2
2025 Inspire Brands’ Multi-Brand Addendum
1616246400.2

