General Business Law § 350 (New York class); (3) unjust enrichment (nationwide class); and (4)
common law fraud (New York class). On August 30, 2022, the parties entered into a Confidential
Settlement Agreement and Release (the “Settlement Agreement”), which included an additional
claimant, Sheila Jones (“Additional Claimant”), who was represented by the same attorney as
Plaintiff and threatened to file additional claims against Defendants under California law. In the
Settlement Agreement, Defendants agreed to pay Plaintiff and Additional Claimant a total gross
settlement amount of $155,000 in exchange for a dismissal of the pending action and a release
by Plaintiff and Additional Claimant. Defendants also agreed that, for any products sold under the
name “wagyu,” Defendants shall include a disclaimer on all advertisements disclosing that the
beef patty is a blend of wagyu and ground beef. The disclaimer provision in the Settlement
Agreement does not obligate Defendants to take any action with respect to third parties, including,
but not limited to, food ordering and delivery applications. Plaintiff dismissed the action on
September 1, 2022.
In re: Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. Data Security Litigation, Case No. 1:17-cv-1035-AT
(Consolidated Consumer Case)
Jacqueline Weiss and Joseph Weiss, individually and on behalf of all others similarly
situated v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (United States District Court, Northern District of
Georgia, Atlanta Division, Case No. 1:17-cv-1035-AT, filed March 22, 2017).
Ashley Russell, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Arby’s
Restaurant Group, Inc. (United States District Court, Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta
Division, Case No. 1:17-cv-1529-AT, filed April 28, 2017).
The plaintiffs in the putative class actions in the Consolidated Consumer Case, consumers who
allegedly visited an Arby’s restaurant that ARG or its subsidiaries own, filed this lawsuit against
ARG, our predecessor. They alleged that ARG failed to secure and safeguard its customers’
credit and debit card numbers, other payment card data, and other personally-identifiable
information collected at its company-owned restaurants between October 20, 2016 and January
12, 2017, which resulted in computer hackers’ unlawfully accessing that information. In the
consolidated complaint, plaintiffs alleged claims for negligence, negligence per se, declaratory
judgment, breach of implied-in-fact contract, unjust enrichment, and violations of the Georgia Fair
Business Practices Act, Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, Florida Deceptive and Unfair
Trade Practices Act, and the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act and sought class certification,
unspecified damages, equitable relief including injunctive relief, restitution, disgorgement,
reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees. On March 6, 2018, the District Court denied ARG’s motion
to dismiss certain claims and granted ARG’s motion to dismiss other claims but with leave to
replead. On November 29, 2018, the Court preliminarily approved a class action settlement of
the consumer claims (the “Consumer Settlement”). Under the Consumer Settlement, ARG
agreed to pay approved consumer claims up to a $2,000,000 cap, agreed to pay the costs
associated with the administration of the Consumer Settlement, and agreed not to object to a
request for attorneys’ fees up to a cap of $980,000, a request for attorneys’ costs up to a cap of
$35,000, or a request for class representative service awards in the amount of $23,000. On June
6, 2019, the Court granted final approval to the Consumer Settlement and dismissed the
Consolidated Consumer Case with prejudice.

17
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

