ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Franchise contributions for advertising
"Franchise contributions for advertising" primarily include contributions to advertising funds by franchisees that the
Company's subsidiaries manage in the United States and certain foreign markets. The Company acts as a principal in the
transactions entered into by the advertising funds and therefore consolidates based on the nature of the goods or services
provided and/or the Company's commitment to pay for advertising services in advance of the related franchisee
contributions. Additionally, the advertising services provided to franchisees are highly interrelated with the franchise right
and therefore not distinct. Franchisees remit to these consolidated advertising funds a percentage of restaurant sales as
consideration for providing the advertising services. Contributions to advertising funds are due within the month after which
the revenue was generated through sales of the franchised restaurant. Revenue related to these contributions is based on a
percentage of restaurant sales and is recognized as earned.
Other revenues
"Other revenues" primarily includes rental income from owned real estate the Company leases to third parties as well as
sites leased and subleased. Noncancellable lease terms are initially between 10 and 20 years and, in most cases, provide for
rent escalations and renewal options.
Rental income from real estate the Company owns and leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective
operating lease terms. Rental income for base rentals is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The differences
between the straight-line rent amounts and amounts receivable under lease contracts are recorded as deferred rent assets in
current or noncurrent assets, as appropriate. Variable lease receipts are recognized as earned, and any amounts received from
lessees in advance of achieving stipulated thresholds are deferred until such thresholds are actually achieved. Deferred
variable lease receipts are recorded as deferred revenue in "Other current liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets.
Advertising Costs
Production costs of commercials are expensed in the fiscal period the advertising is first aired while the costs of
programming and other advertising, promotion and marketing programs are expensed as incurred. Company-owned
restaurants, consistent with franchisees, are required to make contributions to advertising funds. Contributions are based on
a percentage of sales of Company-owned restaurants. These costs as well as direct marketing costs the Company may incur
outside of the advertising funds related to Company-owned restaurants are recorded within "Company-owned restaurant
expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization." The Company-owned advertising expenses for the years ended
December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 were $78.4 million, $83.7 million and $84.4 million,
respectively. Franchise advertising expenses as a result of the Company's obligation to spend franchisee contributions to
those funds are recorded as "Franchise advertising expenses." At the end of each fiscal year, additional advertising costs are
accrued to the extent advertising revenues exceed the related advertising expense to-date, as the Company is obligated to
expend such amounts on advertising.
Leases
The Company evaluates the contracts it enters into to determine whether such contracts contain leases. A contract contains a
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. At commencement, contracts containing a lease are further evaluated for classification as an operating or
finance lease where the Company is a lessee, or as an operating, sales-type or direct financing lease where the Company is a
lessor or sublessor, based on their terms.
Management makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding each new lease and sublease agreement, renewal and
amendment, including, but not limited to, property values, market rents, property lives, discount rates and probable term, all
of which can impact the classification of and accounting for the Company's leases. The amount of depreciation and
amortization, interest and rent expense and income reported would vary if different estimates and assumptions were used.
The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. The Company elected the practical expedient to
not separate non-lease components from lease components for all classes of underlying assets.

- 11 -

