9)

Provide an overview of the Arby’s system and our administrative corporate support
according to the “New Franchisee Orientation.” We describe training later in this
Item. (Section 10 of DA)

10)

Provide a 7-week operational training program conducted in one of our NCTRs,
which are located across the country. The program is known as the Arby’s
Restaurant MTP. We describe this training in detail later in this Item. (Section 10
of DA and 6:2 of FA)

11)

Approximately 10 weeks before your Restaurant opens, provide you with an
electronic copy of the Manual, which may include audio, video, computer software,
other electronic media, written materials, written directives in multiple forms
including online postings on the Arby’s System extranet (i.e. www.myarbys.com or
its successor), email and/or other electronic communications, facsimiles, or any
other medium capable of conveying the Manual’s contents. The Manual, among
other things, identifies the licensed trademarks and contains mandatory and
suggested standards, specifications, operating procedures, and rules we specify
and other information relative to your other obligations under the Franchise
Agreement and in the operation of the business. The Manual contains confidential
proprietary information and you must return any paper copies of the Manual to us
when the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires for any reason. We may
supplement, modify, and revise the Manual electronically or in hard copy.
(Sections 1:1 and 4:1:1 of the FA)
The following table identifies the subjects contained in the Manual’s written
materials and the number of pages devoted to each subject.
Manual Section
Operations
Operating Systems & Tools
Cleaning & Sanitation/Ecolab
Safety
Business Practices
Total

306
105
80
124
43
658

Post-Opening Obligations: After you open your Restaurant, we will:
1)

Manage certain advertising and marketing programs. We describe our and your
advertising and marketing obligations below in this Item. (Sections 10 and 11 of
FA)

2)

Consider for approval proposed new specifications and suppliers. (Section 7:2:1
of FA)

3)

Continue to provide you access to updates to the Manual. (Section 4:1 of the FA)

4)

Before you begin any refresh and upgrade, approve or deny your proposed
specifications. (Section 5:3 of the FA)

42
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

