Time Between Signing of Agreement and Opening of Business
You must open your Restaurant for business on or before the earlier of (a) the date specified in
your Development Agreement for opening the Restaurant, and (b) 30 calendar days after we and
you sign the Franchise Agreement. We estimate the typical length of time between paying the
development fee for a Restaurant (which is when you first pay consideration to us for that
Restaurant) and the opening of the Restaurant to be between 90 and 540 calendar days. The
time to open depends on such factors as the Development Schedule (if any), site selection, lease
negotiations, obtaining acceptable financing arrangements, necessary zoning and building
permits, meeting other local ordinances or community requirements, weather conditions,
shortages, slow delivery and other factors concerning completion of construction, remodeling,
decorating, purchasing and installing equipment, fixtures, signs and similar factors, and the
completion of pre-opening hiring and training of the employees.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin
operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Section
4(b) of the MBA)
Training
If you are a new franchisee, you must participate in our New Franchisee Orientation (“NFO”). If
you are a corporation or other business entity, then a partner or approved owner must participate
in the NFO. The NFO is a brief overview of the Arby’s Restaurant system and the administrative
corporate support we provide. We typically conduct the NFO each quarter (but more or less often
based upon demand) at the Arby’s Support Center, our administrative office and worldwide
headquarters. The NFO is a one or 2-day orientation program in a presentation/ classroom
setting. There are no tasks related to the NFO that you must complete to our satisfaction. There
is no cost for the program, but you will pay your own travel, meal, and lodging expenses.
For each of your first and second Restaurants, you must at all times employ 3 managers (6 total)
who have completed (to our satisfaction) and are certified in the MTP, or a comparable training
program we approve in our sole judgment, at an NCTR. One of these people may be you, the
franchisee, if you are participating in the direct operation of the Restaurant. For your third and
subsequent Restaurants, you must at all times employ one manager per Arby’s Restaurant who
has completed (to our satisfaction) and is certified in the MTP at an NCTR. The MTP is primarily
designed to develop the technical operational skills necessary for the operation of an Arby’s
Restaurant.
A National Certified Training Manager, along with designated training
representatives, teaches the program at an NCTR. You must meet the MTP requirement to our
satisfaction before opening your Restaurant.
The following table outlines the current MTP:
TRAINING PROGRAM
Through experiential learning with a Certified Training Manager (“CTM”) and eLearning, the
programs below offer strategies and tactics for becoming a proficient Arby’s restaurant manager.
You must complete Arby’s MTP Learning Path to become MTP Certified.
1)

Team Member Training Program (“TMTP”) teaches fundamental skills needed to
execute daily service and non-service tasks.
47

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

