3.

If you do not own suitable space or land for your Restaurant, you must rent premises
suitable for the Restaurant. You typically will rent the premises for a free-standing location.
A prime location covers 30,000 to 40,000 sq. ft., with 100 to 180 ft. of street frontage but
you may need a larger or a smaller lot depending on various factors such as existing
easements on the property and local code requirements. The lot size you need often
depends on the ratio of parking to seating that local permitting authorities require. This
ratio is generally 1 parking space to every 2 seats within the Restaurant. The typical
building sizes generally ranges from 2,400 to 3,000 sq. ft. This estimate is for your rent
the first month and does not include an estimate of monthly real estate-related expenses,
such as common area maintenance charges, real estate taxes and landlord insurance.
The rental expense may vary widely based on geographic location, size of the facility, local
rental rates, landlord’s work, tenant improvement allowance and other factors. Usually,
the landlord requires payment of first and last month’s rent in advance and a security
deposit equal to one to 3 months’ rent.

4.

This estimate covers the cost of development outside the building footprint defining the
building construction area. This is in the area of construction defined by an imaginary line
located outside the building exterior perimeter walls and following the contours of those
walls. The site must be suitable for commercial construction. Necessary work might
include architectural renderings, site engineering, soil testing, environmental studies
(Phase 1), filling, grading, compaction, curb, cut utility installation or relocation, and
drainage control. These costs could apply for either a leased site or purchased site.
These site cost estimates assume there are no extenuating site conditions such as bad
soils, retaining walls, underground storm water retention, exceedingly restrictive DOT and
unconnected utilities.

5.

Landscaping costs vary by site and facility type and might not apply to certain locations.

6.

This estimate covers costs to employ an architect or civil engineer to modify our standard
plans for your site. Costs will vary depending on the revisions that you or your municipality,
county, or state request or require.

7.

You may need to request a zoning variance or otherwise alter current zoning conditions.
Costs will vary depending on the requirements of your municipality, county, or state.

8.

This figure estimates average building costs and basic construction and remodeling costs.
It covers the construction cost of the building itself, but not the costs for site development
or equipment, which are addressed below. Building costs vary widely, depending on
geographic location, size of building, environmental, or other local construction
requirements, and if the site is a conversion of a former restaurant space.

9.

This figure covers the costs for equipment, other than items referenced separately in the
table. Depending on your financial position and economic conditions, you may be able to
finance some portion of the equipment package cost through a bank or leasing company.
This estimate does not include taxes but does include freight and installation charges.
You will negotiate exact costs with each supplier.

10.

We describe the minimum technology requirements, including a point of sale system
(“POS”), in the Arby’s Operating Standards Manual (the “Manual”). Additionally, your
Restaurant must have a Windows-based personal computer, with broadband internet
connection, sound and graphics capabilities, and printer.
33

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

