Arby’s Restaurants are primarily in competition with major national and regional restaurant chains,
some of which dominate the limited service restaurant industry, and also with a variety of other
take-out foodservice companies and fast-food restaurants. Competitors also include a variety of
mid-price, full-service casual-dining restaurants, health and nutrition-oriented restaurants,
delicatessens and prepared food restaurants, supermarkets and convenience stores. In addition,
you may compete with institutional food service operations located in or near existing or new
medical facilities, government or U.S. military facilities, universities, colleges, schools, hospitals,
airports, truck stops, stadiums, factories or other workplaces, and other locales. In some markets
you may also encounter competition from Arby’s Restaurants that we, our affiliates and/or other
franchisees own and operate. You may also compete with new and existing dual-brand and
standalone concepts that we or our affiliates may develop or currently operate.
Laws, Rules, and Regulations
You must comply with all federal, state, and local regulations and guidelines governing the
foodservice industry. The Food and Drug Administration, the United States Department of
Agriculture, and food-industry organizations, including the National Restaurant Association, have
established rules affecting the restaurant business. In addition, you must comply with federal,
state, county, and local health and consumer protection laws and regulations concerning food
preparation, baking, handling, and storage; laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning
“Truth in Menu” (regarding menu item names and product labeling), food and menu labeling in
restaurants, nutritional claims, and allergen information; laws, ordinances, rules and regulations
concerning marketing practices, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, CAN-SPAM
Act, the Telemarketing Sales Rule; and laws and regulations concerning access to your Arby’s
Restaurant by persons with disabilities, such as the federal Americans with Disabilities Act which
requires readily accessible accommodations for disabled people, along with requirements and
standards for building construction, site elements, entrance ramps, doors, seating, bathrooms,
drinking facilities, real estate permits and licenses, and operational licenses, etc. Other applicable
laws include federal, state, and local labor regulations, including those regulating “no smoking”
areas, equal employment opportunities, occupational safety and health, employment, minimum
age, minimum wages, hours of employment, sexual harassment, the Affordable Care Act
regarding providing medical insurance for your employees, and so forth; local zoning rules that
may limit where you can locate an Arby’s Restaurant and may affect design features, including
the building facade and signs; and federal, state, and local environmental laws that may affect
the disposal of waste materials and the packaging you use. It is your responsibility to investigate
and comply with all laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations that may affect your Arby’s
Restaurant operations, and to investigate the need for obtaining and maintaining all licenses and
permits necessary for your Arby’s Restaurant to open and operate. Consult your lawyer about all
these laws, rules, ordinances, regulations, and licensing requirements.
Our Predecessor and Certain Arby’s Affiliates
One of our parent companies, who is also our predecessor, is Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc.
(“ARG”). ARG’s principal business address is the same as our address. ARG offered franchises
for Arby’s Restaurants and T.J. Cinnamon’s® restaurants (described below) from May 2006 until
November 2015. ARG has never operated an Arby’s Restaurant or offered franchises in any
other line of business. Under a securitization financing transaction that closed in November 2015
(the “Securitization Transaction”), ARG transferred all of the then existing franchise agreements
and related agreements for Arby’s Restaurants to us, and we became the franchisor of all existing
and future franchise and related agreements. As part of the Securitization Transaction, ARG
signed a management agreement with us to provide the required support and services to Arby’s
3
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

