to those that our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs
described in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned
by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or
franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1
describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses,
the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or companyowned, and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices
and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our
franchise network. Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise
network given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All
of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders
from customers near your business. Because they are separate companies, we do not expect
any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers
and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.
13.

TRADEMARKS

You will have the right under your Franchise Agreement to operate a Restaurant under the name
“Arby’s” and using the Arby’s trademarks, service marks, and trade names listed in the Manual.
Our subsidiary, Arby’s IP Holder, LLC (“Arby’s IP Holder”), owns all of the Arby’s U.S. intellectual
property. As part of the Securitization Transaction described in Item 1, Arby’s IP Holder signed a
license agreement with us dated November 13, 2015 which authorizes us to use and sublicense
the use of Arby’s intellectual property in our franchise operation. That license agreement has a
99-year term. Arby’s IP Holder may terminate the agreement, subject to certain securitizationrelated consent rights, only if we materially breach the agreement and fail to cure the breach
within 30 days. There are no other agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right
to use or license the use of these marks.
The following list includes the principal Arby’s trademarks and service marks (the “Principal
Marks”). Arby’s IP Holder or its predecessor has registered the Principal Marks on the Principal
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”) and has made all required
affidavit and renewal filings.
Arby’s Principal Marks
Federal Registration
Number

Registration Date

890,631

May 5, 1970

1,065,886

May 17, 1977

Arby’s (on modified Hat Design)

1,081,230

January 3, 1978

Arby’s & Hat Design

4,679,713

January 27, 2015

Mark
Arby’s®

There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, and no pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceedings, and no pending material litigation, involving the Principal
52
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

