ARBY’S FRANCHISOR, LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Legal Matters
The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
6.

TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
A substantial portion of the Company’s revenues are generated from royalties from affiliate-owned restaurants equal to 5%
of net sales. These amounts are reflected in “Franchise fees and royalty revenues from affiliates” in the consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income and “Accounts receivable from affiliates” in the consolidated balance
sheets.
The Company entered into the Management Agreement with ARG to perform certain services including, among other
things, collecting payments from franchisees, managing Company assets, and performing certain franchising, marketing,
accounting, legal and other services on behalf of the Company. In exchange for the services described above, the Company
pays a management fee equal to the sum of (a) a base annual amount of $10.4 million, plus (b) a fee of $11,250 for every
integer multiple off $0.1 million of aggregate Retained Collections over the preceding four most recently ended fiscal
quarters, divided by 52 or 53, depending on the number of weeks in the fiscal year. Fees are subject to 2% annual increases
on the first day of the quarterly fiscal periods that commences immediately following each anniversary of the Closing Date.
The management fee is included in “Management fee to affiliate” in the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income and “Accounts payable to affiliates” in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of this related
party management agreement, results of operations of the Company may not be indicative of those that would have been
achieved had the Company operated on a stand-alone basis.

7.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through March 20, 2025, the date the
consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, and there are no items to disclose or that require adjustment.

- 12 -

