(1)
Type of Fee
Indemnity

(2)
Amount
Will vary under
circumstances.

(3)
Due Date
As incurred.

Insurance

Your insurance carrier sets
the premium.

As incurred.

(4)
Remarks
You must reimburse us and related
parties from all claims and related
costs arising from the operation of the
Franchised Business, construction
and occupancy of the leased
premises, use of any fixtures and
equipment, the sale of products, or the
Franchise Agreement.
If you fail to maintain insurance after
notice, we may obtain it for you and
charge our costs and administrative
fees.

Notes:
Unless otherwise specified, either we or our affiliates impose and collect all the fees in this table.
You pay them to our affiliates or us. The fees are not refundable. You must pay the Royalty Fee
and Advertising and Marketing Services Fee by EFT withdrawals we initiate or other electronic
means we approve using our fee payment internet portal. Except when otherwise specified, all
fees are uniform, but some franchisees who sign agreements covered by existing Development
Agreements might pay different fees depending on the programs that were in place when the
Development Agreement was signed. In addition, we may periodically provide royalty relief to
prospective franchisees who acquire existing Arby's Restaurants under challenging
circumstances and sign new franchise agreements for the operation of those Arby's Restaurants.
1.

“Gross Sales” is the total revenue you receive from the sale of all products, and
performance of all services on or from the Restaurant’s premises, (including both
mandatory and optional products, programs and services), whether for cash, credit, or
debit card, barter exchange, trade credit, or other credit transactions, and including
commissions from vending and ATM machines, but excluding coupons and discounts, and
sales tax or any similar taxes.

2.

Unless you qualify for the NRO, the Royalty Fee is 4% of Gross Sales for Traditional
Restaurants and 6.2% for Non-Traditional Restaurants.
New Restaurant Opening. If you qualify for the NRO incentive program, then we will
reduce the Royalty Fee as follows:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Opening through Year 1
Year 2 through Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term^

0.5%
1.0%
2.0%
4.0%

^ Additionally, if a Traditional Restaurant qualifies for the NRO incentive program under a
new Development Agreement, is the first or second Traditional Restaurant developed and
opened under that Development Agreement, and opens by December 31, 2028, then no
later than 60 days after the 4th annual anniversary of the date you actually opened and
26
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

