Notes:
1.

“FA” means the Franchise Agreement and “DA” means the Development Agreement. All
of these obligations are also obligations of any guarantor under the terms of the Guaranty
and Assumption of Obligations, a form of which is attached as Exhibit C to the Franchise
Agreement.
We may require a guaranty when granting any franchise rights.
Section references in Item 9 have the same meaning as the corresponding
Article references in the FA.

2.

We require a General Release of all claims in certain situations (see Exhibit F).

10.

FINANCING

We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guaranty your note, lease, or obligation.
11.

FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND
TRAINING

As noted in Item 1, we signed a management agreement for ARG to provide support and services
to Arby’s Restaurant franchisees. However, we remain responsible for all of the support and
services required under the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement.
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
Pre-opening Obligations: Before you open your Restaurant, we will:
1)

Designate a geographic area or specific location within which you may select a
proposed site for our acceptance. (Section 1 of DA)

2)

Offer you counseling and advice in site selection, including on-site visits to review
potential sites and preparation of market analysis. (Section 5 of DA)

3)

Review and accept or reject sites you propose. We generally do not own sites and
lease them to franchisees, lease sites and sublease them to franchisees, or select
sites for franchisees. Each proposed site must meet our then current site selection
criteria for Arby’s Restaurants. You may only locate the Restaurant at a site we
have accepted. You must submit to us the specific site data and demographic and
other information concerning the proposed site as we reasonably require, using
forms we reasonably require. This data includes a current scale map of the
city/town, area income analysis, traffic counts, site description and plot plan on
site, color photos, area competition information, and building and signage plans.
When reviewing sites we will consider the factors we deem appropriate, such as
demographic characteristics, access, traffic patterns, parking, visibility,
competition, character of market, other commercial characteristics, and the
proposed site’s size, appearance and other physical characteristics. We do not
guarantee the suitability or success of the accepted site. We generally respond to
proposed site acceptance requests within 30 calendar days. We may reject any
proposed site, and if this happens, you must seek and present an alternative
proposed site for our acceptance or rejection. If we and you cannot agree on a
site or you do not open the Restaurant on or before the deadline in the
40

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

