Relocation Incentive. The “Relocation Incentive” program is designed to encourage franchisees
to relocate their Traditional Restaurant to a new location. You may qualify for the Relocation
Incentive program if you relocate your Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the terms of your
existing Franchise Agreement and our Standards, and you complete the relocation and re-open
and resume operations of the Traditional Restaurant on or before the earlier of the date that is 6
months after the date the Restaurant closes for relocation or December 31 of the calendar year
in which the Restaurant closes for relocation. If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial
compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us (including the Franchise
Agreement related to the relocating Traditional Restaurant) when you open the Restaurant, you
submit all development costs to us in the form we require within 120 days after the completion of
the remodel of the Traditional Restaurant, and you develop and open the relocated Traditional
Restaurant in the design and to the specifications we approve, then we will waive the
Development Fee, initial franchise fee, and any other initial fees related to the relocated
Traditional Restaurant, and you will pay reduced Royalty Fees as described in Item 6. If you fail
to satisfy these conditions, then the Relocation Incentive will not apply to the relocated Traditional
Restaurant.
Drive-Thru Only Incentive. The Drive-Thru Only (“DTO”) incentive program is designed to
increase the presence of Drive-Thru Only Restaurants. You may qualify to participate in the DTO
incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement and the Incentive Amendment on
or before March 31, 2026 to develop and open 1 or more new Drive-Thru Only Restaurants on or
before December 31, 2027. You also may qualify to participate in the DTO incentive program if
you sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing Development Agreement (see Exhibit C-1) on
or before March 31, 2026 to amend your existing Development Agreement to add 1 or more new
Drive-Thru Only Restaurants to your existing development schedule. If you (and your affiliates)
are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when
you open the Drive-Thru Only Restaurant, you open the Drive-Thru Only Restaurant in
compliance with the Development Agreement (including the Development Schedule), you submit
development costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Drive-Thru Only
Restaurant, and you build the Drive-Thru Only Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and
at the location we approve, then under the DTO incentive program, for each new Drive-Thru Only
Restaurant you develop and operate (or, if you are amending you existing development
agreement, any new or existing commitments for Drive-Thru Only Restaurants you develop under
the development schedule for which we had not approved the site package as the issuance date
of this disclosure document), we will pay to you a total of $25,000 after that Drive-Thru Only
Restaurant opens. A “Drive-Thru Only Restaurant” is a freestanding Restaurant devoted solely
to operating an Arby’s Restaurant at which: (i) customers must place orders at an exterior drivethru window or through the Arby’s® Order Ahead app, and (ii) carry out capabilities for orders
made through the Arby’s® Order Ahead app or any third-party delivery apps and order corrections
may be handed through a pick-up window, and (iii) there are no indoor or outdoor dine-in seating
areas for customers. You may combine this incentive program with our other incentive programs
described in Item 5 and Item 6.
In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
Training
We provide initial training to you and your personnel when you sign the Franchise Agreement and
before you begin operating the Restaurant. Currently you must at all times employ 3 managers
for your first and second Restaurants (6 total) who have completed the Management Training
Program (“MTP”) Learning Path, or a comparable training program we approve, at a Nationally
22
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

