EXHIBIT C-1

combos, end cap and inline locations, and malls. Traditional Restaurants exclude Arby’s
Restaurants at non-traditional locations, such as airports, military bases, hospitals, service plazas,
stadiums, theme/amusement parks and arenas which have no seating or shared seating, casinos,
colleges, universities, and other institutional facilities which have common area seating. If you
develop a Restaurant under the Development Agreement that does not qualify as a Traditional
Restaurant, then the incentives shall not apply to that Restaurant.
2.
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee
qualifies for the New Restaurant Opening Incentive.] Because we and you are signing this
Amendment before March 31, 2026 to develop one or more New Commitments, each Incentive
Commitment you develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “New
Restaurant Opening” or “NRO” incentive program, if (a) when you open the Restaurant, you and
your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other
agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including the Development Agreement, (b) you
open and begin operating that Restaurant in accordance with the Development Agreement and
the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline in the Development Schedule (the
“Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the
information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various
categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the
Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location approved by us in accordance with the Development Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreement. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a)
through (d) above with respect to any Restaurant, the New Restaurant Opening incentive program
will not apply to that Restaurant. If you meet the requirements of the New Restaurant Opening
incentive program, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will waive the payment of the initial franchise fee under Article 2 of the
Franchise Agreement.
b.

The royalty fee will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty Fee

Effective Royalty Fee

Opening through Year 1
Years 2 through 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term (except
as provided in below)

0.5%

1.0%
2.0%
4.0%

[Note: Include for new DAs only] For each of first and second Franchise
Agreements that are executed for a New Commitment in accordance with the
Development Agreement, if that Restaurant opens and being operating in
compliance with the Development Agreement, but no later than December 31,
2028, then you must submit to us a report, in the format we reasonably specify,
detailing that Restaurant’s trailing-twelve-months’ Gross Sales data (the “Gross
Sales Report”) no later than sixty (60) days after the fourth (4th) annual anniversary
of the date you actually open and commence operations of the applicable
Restaurant. If the Gross Sales Report demonstrates that the Restaurant collected
less than $1,300,000 during the reporting period, then you must (i) use your good
faith efforts to increase your Gross Sales, and (ii) submit to us an updated Gross
2
2025 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C-1 – Incentives Amendment to the Development Agreement
1616224243.5

