ARTICLE 6. PERSONNEL AND MANAGEMENT
6:1

PERSONNEL
During the term of this Franchise Agreement, Franchisee shall hire, train, and properly supervise
sufficient and qualified personnel for the efficient operation of the Franchised Business and, in
particular, shall hire, train and properly supervise such personnel so that Franchisee is in
compliance with all operating standards (including standards for food preparation, customer
service and restaurant sanitation and cleanliness) dictated by Arby’s. Arby’s has the right to
designate in its sole judgment Restaurant personnel qualifications, training, dress and
appearance, although Franchisee has the sole responsibility and authority for hiring and
overseeing personnel. At all times during the term of this Franchise Agreement, Franchisee shall
be solely responsible for setting the terms and conditions (including, without limitation, wages and
benefits) for its employees and similarly, Franchisee is responsible for hiring, firing, supervising
and disciplining its employees. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is its responsibility to
create its own employee handbook which must be compliant with federal, state and local laws
and which should be reviewed by counsel of Franchisee’s choosing. Additionally, Franchisee
shall ensure that its employment application contains clear and concise language that specifies
that if the person is hired by Franchisee, the person will be an employee of Franchisee and not
Arby’s or its affiliates.

6:2

MANAGEMENT TRAINING
For Franchisee’s first and second Arby’s Restaurants, Franchisee must, at all times, employ three
managers per Restaurant in the Franchised Business who have become certified in the
Management Training Program (“MTP”) as specified in the Manual, or a comparable training
program approved in advance by Arby’s in its sole judgment. For Franchisee’s third or
subsequent Restaurants, Franchisee must, at all times, employ one manager per Restaurant who
has become certified in the MTP, or a comparable training program approved in advance by
Arby’s in its sole judgment. In addition, further or refresher training programs, as specified by
Arby’s, may be required by Arby’s for Franchisee, Franchisee’s managers and/or other personnel.
There is no training fee for three managers to attend MTP for Franchisee’s first Restaurant and
for one manager for Franchisee’s second Restaurant. If training fees apply to any of the other
training requirements, Franchisee will pay such fees and Franchisee is also responsible for all
travel and living expenses, wages and workers’ compensation insurance costs for all of its
personnel during training. In addition, Franchisee must acquire from Arby’s and/or any other
suppliers that Arby’s periodically designates all equipment, software and related products and
services, and pay the applicable license and other fees, to participate in any learning
management system that Arby’s specifies from time to time. Franchisee may be required to
comply with additional training requirements which may include purchasing training films or other
instructional materials from Arby’s as Arby’s may require from time to time. Franchisee will pay
Arby’s then current charges for any additional or repeat training.

ARTICLE 7. PRODUCT STANDARDS
7:1

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF STANDARDS
Franchisee understands and acknowledges that uniform and high standards of quality, service
and appearance among all Arby’s Restaurants are necessary in order to maintain Arby’s public
image and widespread consumer acceptance. Therefore, Franchisee shall prepare, sell and
dispense only the Licensed Products that are specified by Arby’s in its sole judgment. In
connection with such Licensed Products, Franchisee shall use only those cups, containers,
napkins, uniforms, paper goods, packaging, supplies or other items that are specified by Arby’s.
Arby’s has the right in its sole judgment to approve or disapprove in advance all items to be used
or sold by the Franchised Business and Arby’s may withdraw its approval of previously authorized
items.

FA - 07.25
1619523062.3

8

