Your investment will depend on many factors, including how closely you follow our
methods and procedures; your management skills, experience and business acumen;
local economic conditions; local real estate and construction costs; the local market for
our product; the prevailing wage rate; professional service fees; competition, and the sales
level reached during the initial period. Some costs are annual expenditures, while other
costs are one-time expenditures.
19.

If we permit you to develop an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may incur
additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise fee,
initial training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial
inventory, and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish
each applicable Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure
document. You may pay less than the cumulative total estimated initial investments for
both an Arby’s Restaurant and Other Restaurant if certain expenses, such as rent and
insurance, overlap.

8.

RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

In order to establish a uniform image and uniform quality of product and services throughout the
Arby’s Restaurant network, you must operate and maintain the Restaurant according to the
Manual and our standards. Our standards may regulate, among other things, the equipment and
other products and services you use to operate the Restaurant, designated or approved suppliers
of these items, and required or authorized products and services your Restaurant offers. We
issue and modify standards based on our, our affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in
operating and franchising Arby’s Restaurants. We will notify you in the Manual, on our extranet
at www.myarbys.com or its successor, or in other written communications of our standards and
the names of some of our designated and approved suppliers. We also provide our relevant
standards and specifications to approved suppliers, either directly or through ARCOP, Inc.
(“ARCOP”), a non-profit supply chain cooperative for the Arby’s Restaurant network.
ARCOP sources and provides risk management solutions related to the contracting and
distribution of food, packaging, beverage, capital assets, services, energy, and operating supplies
available to Arby’s franchisees and our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants. This franchiseedirected organization is funded by an upcharge on key food items (currently only on cases of
processed potato products, roast beef, and frozen breads), which distributors collect and pay to
ARCOP. ARCOP utilizes the Arby’s Restaurant system volume to negotiate with suppliers and
distributors, thus establishing pricing for all Arby’s Restaurants. Specific items and suppliers
remain subject to our approval, and our approval of any supplier or distributor is based on our
approved criteria in existence at that time. Although participation in ARCOP is not mandatory,
currently all domestic Arby’s Restaurant franchisees are members of ARCOP. If you wish to
purchase from another source, you must obtain our written approval. At a minimum, that source
must demonstrate its ability to meet our standards for nutrition, quality, uniformity, and delivery.
We do not negotiate purchase agreements for food, proprietary paper, and operating supplies
with suppliers for the Arby’s system.
ARG has contracted with a technology provider to provide franchisees a technology-based
learning management system, and franchisees must participate in ARG’s arrangement with the
provider.
In order to create a uniform online ordering experience for Arby’s customers, IRB, one of our
affiliates, has developed and provides Arby’s franchisees an optional online ordering platform for
35
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

