the Arby’s Restaurant network (the “Arby’s Order Ahead Platform”). IRB and its contractors
currently are the only approved suppliers for the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform. Additionally, you
must sign contracts with approved suppliers and participate in our then-current gift card program
operated by or through our approved suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates).
Otherwise, neither we nor our affiliates are approved suppliers or the only approved suppliers for
any category of goods and services for the Arby’s Restaurants. In the past, ARG (or its affiliates)
entered into leases or subleases with franchisees for real estate, leasehold improvements, and/or
equipment. For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, ARG reported $ 13,854,482 in rental
revenue and $8,349,088 in rental costs, for a net revenue of $ 5,505,394 from 95 franchised
Arby’s restaurant properties. In addition, for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, IRB
reported $4,852,090 in revenue from providing technology-related services to the Arby’s Order
Ahead Platform to franchisees, all of which IRB used for costs relating to the development,
implementation, operation, and enhancement of the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform and related
technologies, equipment, and platforms. Except for these amounts, neither we nor our affiliates
received any revenue during our 2024 fiscal year from selling products or services to Arby’s
Restaurant franchisees. We or our affiliates may receive profits and commissions on other sales
made directly by us or our affiliates to you in the future.
We currently require you to purchase all of your furniture, fixtures and equipment (excluding only
the back office computer systems), food and beverage ingredients and components, cups and
other paper goods, uniforms, professional cleaning services, hygiene and food safety program
materials, restaurant auditing services, third party delivery services, and credit and debit card
processing and related services only from one of our approved suppliers and through our
approved distributors. For some items and services, you must sign contracts with third party
suppliers and vendors in the form that we or they specify.
If you desire to purchase any items from a supplier or distributor that we have not previously
approved (for those items that we require you to purchase only from approved suppliers), you
must request, in writing, our prior approval of the supplier or distributor. We will consider approval
if the supplier or distributor can meet and maintain our specifications, standards, and
requirements and otherwise meets the needs of the Arby’s Restaurant system. You must furnish,
at your own expense, adequate samples of the item for which you are requesting approval, or if
that is not feasible, you must furnish copies of descriptions, specifications, and pictures of the
items in question. In considering any request for a new or additional supplier or distributor, we
may charge the proposed supplier or distributor all reasonable costs and expenses we incur in
evaluating, investigating, and determining our response to the request. If you fail to obtain our
approval to purchase from an unauthorized supplier or distributor, and buy from an unauthorized
supplier or distributor, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement. It typically takes
approximately 90 calendar days for us to complete our inspection and evaluation process for
approval or disapproval of a proposed supplier. We are not required to approve any particular
supplier or distributor and may only approve a single supplier or distributor (that may include us
or our affiliates) for certain items. We can refuse to approve any particular supplier or distributor
or an unreasonable number of suppliers and/or distributors for any particular item or service in
our sole judgment. We also may revoke our approval of any item or supplier by providing notice
to you. We do not provide material benefits to you (for example, renewal or granting additional
franchises) based on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular
suppliers. Except for interests they may hold in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, our officers
do not own an interest in any approved suppliers.

36
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

