Development Schedule, we may terminate your Development Agreement.
(Sections 6 and 7 of DA)
4)

Approve a lease that meets our requirements. After we have accepted the
proposed site, you must obtain control of the site either by lease or purchase. You
must obtain our approval of your proposed lease or financing arrangement for the
site, and you must provide a complete copy to us. You must use your commercially
reasonable best efforts to cause the lease or financing arrangement to contain
designated provisions intended to protect our interests in the leased premises.
(Section 8 of DA and Section 1:1:1 of FA)

5)

Provide standard plans for the approved building or layout, including specifications
for equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and signs. You must hire an architect and
general contractor to adapt these standard plans to the accepted site and submit
final working plans to us for our approval within the time periods we set. It is your
responsibility to obtain necessary zoning and construction approvals and permits,
architectural services, and contracts for building construction or remodeling and
equipment, all according to the final building and equipment plans we approve.
You may not proceed with construction or remodeling until you have received our
approval of the final working plans. We may also permit you to convert an existing
building into a new free-standing Traditional Restaurant. You must submit actual
construction costs to us within 120 days of project completion. If we permit you to
operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and construct,
and/or make modifications to the Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and
fixtures that we periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a MultiBrand Location, and you must notify customers, and the design and layout must
reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that the operation of the Other
Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant. (Section 9
of DA and Section 4(a) of MBA)

6)

Sign and deliver the Franchise Agreement to you after you pay all required fees
and perform all required obligations under the Development Agreement, if you
meet our then current franchising policies and procedures for the issuance of
Franchise Agreements. You must sign the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial
franchise fee (if any) on the earlier of either 90 days before the scheduled opening
or the start of construction. You will sign our then current form of Franchise
Agreement for each Arby’s Restaurant you develop in the Territory, which currently
is the form of Franchise Agreement in this disclosure document but could in the
future differ from that form. However, if you fully comply with the Development
Agreement, each Franchise Agreement that the Development Agreement covers
will reflect the royalty and franchise fee specified in the Development Agreement.
(Section 11 of DA)

7)

Provide specifications and names of approved suppliers for opening inventory,
supplies, and related materials. We do not currently provide items directly, but will
provide the names of approved suppliers for some items and written specifications
for some items. We do not deliver or install any items. (Section 7:2 of FA)

8)

Consider for approval proposed new specifications and suppliers. (Section 7:2:1
of FA)
41

Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

