favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have
materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”) and any other
similar applicable law or regulation. Franchisee, on behalf of itself and the other Franchisee Parties,
hereby waives and relinquishes every right or benefit which they have under Section 1542 of the
Civil Code of the State of California and any other similar applicable law or regulation, or any other
law, rule or regulation limiting the effectiveness of releases, to the fullest extent that they may
lawfully waive such right or benefit. In connection with this waiver and relinquishment, with
respect to the Released Claims, the Franchisee Parties acknowledge that they may hereafter
discover facts in addition to or different from those which they now know or believe to be true with
respect to the subject matter of this release, but that it is the Franchisee Parties’ intention, fully,
finally and forever to settle and release all such Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected or
unsuspected, which now exist, may exist or did exist, and, in furtherance of such intention, the
releases given hereunder shall be and remain in effect as full and complete releases,
notwithstanding the discovery or existence of any such additional or different facts.
3.

General Provisions.

a.
Construction. The Background is incorporated herein by reference and made a part
of this Agreement. If Franchisee is comprised of more than one individual or entity, then all
representations, warranties, liabilities and obligations of the relevant party shall be joint and several
among the relevant parties. The captions of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are
intended only as aids in locating provisions hereof, are not a part of the context hereof and shall be
ignored in construing this Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meaning given to them under the Franchise Agreement. Wherever the context may require, any
pronouns used hereunder shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neutral form, and
the singular forms of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa. Unless otherwise
specified, all references to a number of days shall mean calendar days and not business days.
References to any contracts, instruments or agreements shall include any and all amendments,
restatements, extensions, supplements or other modifications to those contracts, instruments or
agreements from time to time. The words “include,” “including,” and words of similar import shall
be interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the terms following such words shall be
interpreted as examples of, and not an exhaustive list of, the appropriate subject matter. This
Agreement has been fully and freely negotiated by the parties, shall be considered as having been
drafted jointly by the parties, and shall be interpreted and construed as if so drafted, without
construction in favor of or against any party on account of their participation in the drafting of this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in more than one counterpart, and by electronic
signature, each of which constitutes an original.
b.
Binding Effect. This Agreement inures to the benefit of and shall be binding on the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
c.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflicts of
laws rules. All legal proceedings relating to this Agreement must be brought or otherwise
commenced only in the state or federal courts of Georgia.
d.
Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, and the documents referred to
herein, represent the entire agreement among the parties hereto respecting the subject matter hereof.
No statements, promises or representations have been made by any party hereto to any other, or
relied upon by any party hereto, and no consideration has been offered, promised, or expected,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the documents referred to herein. No waiver
Arby’s – Exhibit F
General Release
1616224244.2

2

