order to place the settlement agreement in the public record, and the action was closed after the
court approved the parties’ stipulation of judgment.
New York v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (N.Y. Supreme Court for New York County, Case No.
451787/2019, filed September 26, 2019). In this matter, the N.Y. Attorney General (“NYAG”) filed
a lawsuit against our affiliate, DBI, related to credential-stuffing cyberattacks during 2015 and
2018. The NYAG alleged that the cyber attackers used individuals’ credentials obtained from
elsewhere on the Internet to gain access to certain information for DD Perks customers and others
who had registered a Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG further alleged that DBI failed to adequately
notify customers and to adequately investigate and disclose the security breaches, which the
NYAG alleged violated the New York laws concerning data privacy as well as unfair trade
practices. On September 21, 2020, without admitting or denying the NYAG’s allegations, DBI
and the NYAG entered into a consent agreement to resolve the State’s complaint. Under the
consent order, DBI agreed to pay $650,000 in penalties and costs, issue certain notices and other
types of communications to New York customers, and maintain a comprehensive information
security program through September 2026, including precautions and response measures for
credential-stuffing attacks.
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.
4.

BANKRUPTCY

No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.
5.

INITIAL FEES

The chart below lists the current development fees payable under the Development Agreement
and the current initial franchise fees payable under the Franchise Agreement, based on our
current incentive programs. Except as otherwise stated, these programs are currently available
through March 31, 2026, but we may add to, eliminate or change any of these programs in the
future in our sole judgment. You must sign a Development Agreement regardless of the number
of Arby’s Restaurants you commit to develop, and you must also sign a Franchise Agreement for
each Arby’s Restaurant that you open. The development fees and franchise fees described here
are uniform, are fully earned when paid and are not refundable.
You must pay us the development fee when you sign the Development Agreement. We do not
apply the development fee towards any initial franchise fees or other fees you pay under
Franchise Agreements. You must sign the Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s Restaurant that
the Development Agreement covers, and pay us the initial franchise fee (if any is due), on the
earlier of 90 calendar days before the Restaurant’s opening or when you start construction of the
Restaurant.
Non-Refundable
Development Fee
per Restaurant
$12,500
$0
$12,500

Franchise Offers
Standard Traditional Restaurant
Non-Traditional Restaurant
New Restaurant Opening Incentive (“NRO”)

Non-Refundable
Franchise Fee per
Restaurant
$37,500
$18,750
$0

The fees for a standard Traditional Restaurant apply under Development Agreements and
Franchise Agreements when no other incentive programs apply to the agreements.
20
Arby’s 2025/07 Amended FDD
1619523061.4

