HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
product, data or business process; (iii) damages attributable to the value of the use of a non-Microsoft product, data or business 
process; (iv) your altering the product or fix; (v) your distribution of the product or fix, or its use for the benefit of, any third party; 
(vi) your use of our trademark(s) without express written consent to do so; or (vii) for any trade secret claim, your acquiring a 
trade secret (a) through improper means; (b) under circumstances giving rise to a duty to maintain its secrecy or limit its use; or 
(c) from a person (other than us or our affiliates) who owed to the party asserting the claim a duty to maintain the secrecy or limit 
the use of the trade secret. You will reimburse us for any costs or damages that result from these actions. 
 
If we receive information concerning an infringement claim related to a commercial product or fix, we may, at our expense and 
without obligation to do so, either (i) procure for you the right to continue to run the allegedly infringing product or fix, or (ii) modify 
the product or fix or replace it with a functional equivalent, to make it non-infringing, in which case you will stop running the 
allegedly infringing product or fix immediately. If, as a result of an infringement claim, your use of a commercial product or fix is 
enjoined by a court of competent jurisdiction, we will, at our option, either procure the right to continue its use, replace it with a 
functional equivalent, modify it to make it non-infringing, or refund the amount paid and terminate the license for the infringing 
product or fix. 
 
If any other type of third party claim is brought against you regarding our intellectual property, you must notify us promptly in 
writing. We may, at our option, choose to treat these claims as being covered by this section. This Section e provides your 
exclusive remedy for third party infringement and trade secret misappropriation claims. 
f. 
Limitation of liability. There may be situations in which you have a right to claim damages or payment from Microsoft.  Except 
as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, whatever the legal basis for your claim, Microsoft’s liability will be limited, to 
the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to direct damages up to the amount you have paid for the product giving rise 
to the claim. In the case of free product, or code you are authorized to redistribute to third parties without separate payment to 
Microsoft, Microsoft’s total liability to you will not exceed US$5000, or its equivalent in local currency. The limitations contained 
in this paragraph will not apply with respect to the following in connection with the performance of the agreement: 
 
(i) our obligations to defend third party claims of patent, copyright or trademark infringement or trade secret misappropriation, 
and to pay damages resulting from any final adjudication (or settlement to which we consent) of such claims; 
 
(ii) our liability for damages for gross negligence or willful misconduct, to the extent caused by us or our agent and awarded by 
a court of final adjudication; and 
g. 
No liability for certain damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither you, your affiliates or suppliers, 
nor Microsoft, its affiliates or suppliers will be liable for any indirect damages (including, without limitation, consequential, special 
or incidental damages, damages for loss of profits or revenues, business interruption, or loss of business information) arising in 
connection with any agreement, product, or fix, even if advised of the possibility of such damages or if such possibility was 
reasonably foreseeable.  This exclusion of liability does not apply to either party’s liability to the other for violation of the other 
party’s intellectual property rights.  
h. 
Application. The limitations on and exclusions of liability for damages set forth herein apply regardless of whether the liability 
is based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of warranties, or any other legal theory. 
i. 
Verifying compliance. You must keep records relating to the products you run.  Microsoft has the right to verify compliance 
with these terms and any applicable product use rights, at its expense, during the term of the enrollment and for a period of one 
year thereafter. To do so, Microsoft will engage an independent accountant from a nationally recognized public accounting firm, 
which will be subject to a confidentiality obligation.  Verification will take place upon not fewer than 30 days notice, during normal 
business hours and in a manner that does not interfere unreasonably with your operations.  As an alternative, Microsoft may 
require you to accurately complete its self-audit questionnaire relating to the products you use.   If verification or self-audit reveals 
unlicensed use of products, you must promptly order sufficient licenses to permit all product usage disclosed. If material 
unlicensed use is found (license shortage of 5% or more), you must reimburse Microsoft for the costs it has incurred in verification 
and acquire the necessary additional licenses as single retail licenses within 30 days. If Microsoft undertakes such verification 
and does not find material unlicensed use of products, it will not undertake another such verification for at least one year. 
Microsoft and its auditors will use the information obtained in compliance verification only to enforce its rights and to determine 
whether you are in compliance with these terms and the product use rights.  By invoking the rights and procedures described 
above, Microsoft does not waive its rights to enforce these terms or the product use rights, or to protect its intellectual property 
by any other means permitted by law. 
j. 
Dispute Resolution; Applicable Law. This Participation Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction whose law governs the agreement.  You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and 
federal courts located in such jurisdiction.  This choice of jurisdiction does not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief 
with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights in any appropriate jurisdiction. The 1980 United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and its related instruments will not apply to this agreement or any license entered 
into with Microsoft or its affiliates under this agreement.  
 
 
