{00264795-17} 
22 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
9.3 
Use of Trade Name and Marks. You will operate under the Marks, using the Trade Name, 
at the Hotel. You will not adopt any other names or marks in operating the Hotel without our approval. You 
will not, without our prior written consent, use any of the Marks, or the word “Hilton,” or other Network 
trademarks, trade names or service marks, or any similar words or acronyms, in: 
 
9.3.1 
your corporate, partnership, business or trade name; 
 
9.3.2 
any Internet-related name (including a domain name);  
 
9.3.3 
or any business operated separately from the Hotel, including the name or identity 
of developments adjacent to or associated with the Hotel.   
 
9.4 
Trademark Disputes. 
 
9.4.1 
You will immediately notify us of any infringement or dilution of or challenge to your 
use of any of the Marks and will not, absent a court order or our prior written consent, communicate with 
any other person regarding any such infringement, dilution, challenge or claim. We will take the action we 
deem appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and have the sole right to handle disputes 
concerning use of all or any part of the Marks or the System. You will fully cooperate with us and our 
applicable Affiliates in these matters. We will reimburse you for expenses incurred by you as the direct 
result of activities undertaken by you at our prior written request and specifically relating to the trademark 
dispute at issue. We will not reimburse you for any other expenses incurred by you for cooperating with us 
or our Affiliates.   
 
9.4.2 
You appoint us as your exclusive, true and lawful attorney-in-fact, to prosecute, 
defend and/or settle all disputes of this type at our sole option. You will sign any documents we or our 
applicable Affiliate believe are necessary to prosecute, defend or settle any dispute or obtain protection for 
the Marks and the System and will assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters.  Our 
decisions as to the prosecution, defense or settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a 
result of disputes regarding use of all or part of the System or the Marks will be for our account.  
 
9.5 
Web Sites. 
 
9.5.1 
You may not register, own, or maintain any Sites that relate to the Network, or the 
Hotel, or that include the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating 
to the Hotel or this Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing.  You acknowledge that 
you may not, without a legal license or other legal right, post on your Sites any material in which any third 
party has any direct or indirect ownership interest.  You must incorporate on your Sites any information we 
require in the manner we deem necessary to protect our Marks.   
 
9.5.2 
Any use of the Marks on any Site must conform to our requirements, including the 
identity and graphics Standards for all System hotels. Given the changing nature of this technology, we 
have the right to withhold our approval, and to withdraw any prior approval, and to modify our requirements.   
 
9.6 
Covenant. 
 
9.6.1 
You agree, as a direct covenant with us and our Affiliates, that you will comply with 
all of the provisions of this Agreement related to the manner, terms and conditions of the use of the Marks 
and the termination of any right on your part to use any of the Marks. Any non-compliance by you with this 
covenant or the terms of this Agreement related to the Marks, or any unauthorized or improper use of the 
System or the Marks, will cause irreparable damage to us and/or our Affiliates and is a material breach of 
this Agreement.   
 
9.6.2 
If you engage in such non-compliance or unauthorized and/or improper use of the 
System or the Marks during or after the Term, we and any of our applicable Affiliates, along with the 
successors and assigns of each, will be entitled to both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against 
