 
 
49 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
application. We may provide additional support. There are no other approved vendors at this time. 
We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for the GRO system. The system is 
updated and maintained centrally by IDeaS. We will have independent access to your Hotel’s 
information stored in this system. There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this 
information. You must pay for a portion of the installation costs of the GRO system at your Hotel, 
which is currently about $3,800. Currently, you are not required to pay an ongoing fee to use this 
system. 
Connected Room System 
We may require you to install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an assortment of 
streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton Honors 
App. This system requires a control module that is connected to each in-room television along 
with certain electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors. The 
cost of this system is currently between $34,850 and $41,650, and the cost of the electrical fixtures 
is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures. The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor 
before opening. You must also have maintenance and support from us or an approved vendor, 
which is paid to us and currently costs between $630 and $945 per month ($7,560 to $11,340 per 
year). These costs are normally not refundable.  
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve. The set-up costs of this system are between $900 and 
$41,000. Additional set-up costs may apply, depending on implementation approach you choose 
and the specific needs of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly. You 
must also pay annual license fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year, which 
includes a 10% mark-up. You will pay the license fees and maintenance costs to HSS, which are 
then passed through to the vendor. We keep the mark-up as reimbursement for our costs in 
developing and maintaining Delphi.fdc for our Network Hotels. Depending on your Hotel’s 
technology configuration, you may be required to utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution 
platform, which integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is 
also powered by Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead 
distribution platform, although you may be required to sign a separate license agreement with 
Amadeus Hospitality to use it. We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for 
either of these systems. You must maintain and update them at your cost to remain in compliance 
with the Standards. There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation. We will have 
independent access to your Hotel’s event sales information stored in these systems (including 
accounts, inventory, bookings and other data). There are no contractual limitations on our right to 
access this information.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $2,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening and is not 
refundable. 
