 
 
61 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Those restrictions as to entities other than us may lapse if the Brand is no longer affiliated 
with Hilton Worldwide. 
IMPORTANT NOTES: A Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from previously 
existing hotels which are managed or licensed by us or an affiliate or our or their predecessors, 
or any hotel site for which we or an affiliate or its predecessor have approved an application and/or 
signed a franchise agreement, management agreement, lease or license agreement for a System 
Hotel to be developed.  In addition, a Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from 
any replacement hotel that replaces or will replace another such existing hotel or hotel site.  SOME 
STATE 
AND/OR 
OTHER 
LAWS 
PROVIDE 
THAT 
TERRITORIAL 
AND/OR 
AREA 
RESTRICTIONS ARE VOID, VOIDABLE AND/OR SUPERSEDED BY LAW. 
There may currently be franchised or company-owned Network Hotels situated in or near your 
area. We, Hilton Worldwide and our affiliates or subsidiaries may establish new franchised, 
company-owned or company-managed Network Hotels in or near your area.  
You may compete with any Network Hotels in and near your area. There is no mechanism for 
resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and Network Hotels. Any resolution of 
conflicts regarding location, customers, support or services will be entirely within the business 
judgment of Hilton Worldwide and us. 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses.  These Strategic 
Partnerships are “Other Businesses” under the Franchise Agreement. Strategic Partners are not 
Hilton Worldwide Brands.  Strategic Partners are not our corporate affiliates, and do not offer 
franchises or management agreements for any of the Hilton Worldwide Brands.  We may enter 
into, terminate, or modify any Strategic Partnership anywhere, at any time, in our 
discretion.  Strategic Partners’ businesses may be located in and near your area, including within 
your Restricted Area (if any).  Your Hotel may compete with any hotels, motels, inns, campsites, 
other lodging facilities or accommodations, as well as any tours, excursions, or other customer 
experiences, products, or services offered by our Strategic Partners or through any of our 
Strategic Partnerships anywhere, at any time, other than as provided in your Restricted Area 
Provision (if any). 
See Item 1 for a description of the hotel brands licensed, operated and managed by, or otherwise 
affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. You may compete with these guest lodging properties. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging, hospitality, and 
related services, both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. 
Some of these activities may be competitive with your Hotel, the System, System Hotels, the 
Network, and Network Hotels. We and our affiliates may own, operate, manage, franchise, 
license, lease, affiliate or associate with, acquire or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee 
for, competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses or networks anywhere, at any 
time, including within your Restricted Area, under any brands or marks (provided that your 
Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish 
services, products, advice, and support to competitive guest lodging businesses or any other 
businesses, facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, at any time, including 
in your Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine. We or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 
