 
 
52 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On the 
Job 
Training 
Location 
Pre-Opening Training Resources  
(Note 11) 
Varies 
0 
On-site 
Owner Orientation  
(Note 12) 
16 
0 
Virtual 
New to Hospitality Owner Education  
(Note 13) 
20 
0 
Virtual 
Graduate Orientation  
(Note 14) 
0 to 32 
0 
On-site 
NOTES 
1. 
Brand Conference. We require participation by your general manager and director of 
sales (or equivalent) in an annual Brand or regional conference. Conference program fees and 
expenses are not refundable. The conference may be held at various hotel locations. Currently, 
the cost is $2,500 per attendee. 
 
2. 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales Leader Training. Your general manager and 
other commercial leaders must complete this virtual learning program within 90 days of their start 
date. This training is required for all new general managers and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand or the role for more than 24 months. When a qualified 
general manager or commercial leader leaves the role, you must have a replacement person 
(even if temporary) complete the training so that your Hotel does not have more than 90 days 
without a qualified person overseeing the function. The specific curriculum of this training and the 
attendant cost may vary based on the trainee’s experience in the role. Currently, the cost is up to 
$1,200. 
 
3. 
OnQ Property Management System (PMS) Training.  Before the opening of your Hotel, 
all Hotel staff that will be utilizing OnQ must first complete their respective self-paced training and 
obtain a certificate of completion. This online training is mandatory for all personnel working in 
the designated subject areas. We will verify that all front desk staff and management have 
successfully completed training and have passed an OnQ certification test by at least a minimum 
score of 80%. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, the opening of your Hotel may be 
delayed. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
4. 
OnQ Rate & Inventory Training. Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be utilizing 
the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective self-paced 
web-based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all reservations and 
revenue management staff have successfully completed training and have passed a certification 
test by at least a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff must be certified, 1 
of whom must be your director/manager of revenue management (or equivalent). If your staff 
does not attain the minimum score, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is 
no separate fee for this training.   
 
5. 
OnQ Forecast Management (FM) Training. The OnQ FM online training is mandatory 
for all of your staff working in the designated subject areas within 60 days of their start date. This 
may include your directors/managers of revenue management, sales, front office operations, and 
