 
 
37 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it from any authorized source of 
distribution.  
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must install and to use an approved property management system including business 
software and hardware. You must purchase items bearing our logo, trademark or service mark 
from a supplier approved by us. We may derive profit from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and we do not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
$1,101,161,898 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below).  
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
Except as discussed below, you may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment ("FF&E") 
and other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met. However, in 
the future, we may require you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, 
or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is 
available only from 1 source, and we may derive profit as a result of those purchases. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.  
In addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider. For the 
