 
 
38 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $19,614,010 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues from sales of goods, services 
and/or supplies to franchisees of all of our brands of $8,763,692. In addition, HSM receives cash 
discounts for early payment on orders it places with manufacturers and suppliers to fill purchase 
orders placed with it by franchisees of all of our brands.  
HSM negotiates pricing and purchasing terms with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of 
our System. HSM may receive an administrative fee from manufacturers and suppliers that is 
between 0.5% and 7% of the purchases made by our franchisees (depending on the specific 
item). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $38,697,912 in 
administrative fees on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands. 
If you want to use a product, or a particular brand or model, that has not been specified as having 
met our standards, or if you want to purchase from an unapproved supplier an item that must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, then you can submit a written request for us to approve 
the product or supplier. We may require certain information or samples which you must provide 
at your expense. We will review all of the pertinent information. While we have no obligation to 
respond within a certain timeframe, our review typically takes 60 to 90 days to complete. We do 
not provide any material benefit (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) to a 
franchisee based on a franchisee's use of designated or pre-approved suppliers (the Franchise 
Agreement is non-renewable). 
We evaluate suppliers based on many factors, including: (i) the quality and cost of the products 
and/or services; (ii) the supplier's established history in serving the System with products that 
consistently meet or exceed the standards and specifications as set forth in the Manual; (iii) the 
level of support and recognition of the supplier by us and our franchisees, as well as the System's 
demand for those products/services; and (iv) the supplier's ability to service the needs of the 
System. A portion of the revenues collected from rebates, administration fees and purchasing 
fees is used to offset the cost of establishing the purchasing programs and supporting the 
operating expenses of HSM. 
Our affiliate, Hilton JV Acquisition LLC, currently holds a non-controlling equity interest in 
Groups360 LLC (“Groups360”), which is a third-party vendor that provides lead generation, 
advisory, and marketing services to the hotel industry (including us, our System hotels, and 
competitors) for group and event business. Groups360 receives fees and commissions for the 
services it provides. As an equity owner, our affiliate may receive pro-rata share of distributions 
from Groups360. Currently, neither we nor any of our affiliates receive any other direct or indirect 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisees, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us. 
You may contact us for a current list in your area. 
