 
 
53 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
their assistants. Each attendee must demonstrate proficiency in all areas of OnQ FM. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
6. 
GRO System Training. The GRO System Training is mandatory for all of your staff 
working in the designated areas within 21 days of their start date. Currently there are 3 different 
GRO System courses, and the specific courses required vary based on job position. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
7. 
Hilton Honors Training.  The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
this training. 
 
8. 
Hilton Core Sales Skills. All designated commercial leaders and sales staff must 
successfully complete this certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program 
teaches Hilton’s sales process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must 
complete the applicable track to complete the certification: The “Foundations” track is for 
attendees with less than 2 years of experience. It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. 
The “Accelerated” track is for attendees with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2-
week blended learning program. Currently, the cost is up to $600 per attendee. 
 
9. 
ADA Training.  If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change 
of Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an 
online training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to 
determine the Hotel’s compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training.  
 
10. 
Annual Compliance Training. Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training 
requirements.  Topics may include diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, harassment 
prevention, human trafficking prevention, disability awareness, cyber security, and health and 
safety. For cyber security, disability awareness, human trafficking prevention, diversity and 
inclusion, and unconscious bias, we offer training at no cost. Alternatively, you may choose to 
obtain this training from a vendor of your choice, in which case the cost would be agreed between 
you and the vendor. For the compliance topics of harassment prevention and health and safety, 
we do not offer training, but will provide vendor recommendations upon request. We estimate 
vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 per person, per topic, for this training. 
 
11. 
Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand 
hospitality tools and resources including intro webinars and team member workshops. The current 
cost is $1,000.   
 
12. 
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all [franchisees or management 
company representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the 
opening of your Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager 
must attend. If a Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
13. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
