 
 
6 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels which will operate in the US under 
the Graduate Brand. Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate under the Graduate 
Brand outside of the US under separate disclosure documents.   
We license the Graduate System (the "System") which consists of the elements, including know-
how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand and 
currently includes the Marks; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other 
marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials, standards, specifications 
and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel, and other 
elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual (as that term is defined in our 
Franchise Agreement) or in other communications to you; and, programs for our inspecting the 
hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete 
elements of the System. We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation 
of your Hotel, under the Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we 
have established as the essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Your Hotel will compete in the general hotel market, which varies by location. The market for your 
services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation (such as urban, 
suburban, rural, or vacation resort locations serving transient, vacation, conference, or other 
leisure or business travelers, etc.). Franchisees seek customers and business referrals from the 
local community and may solicit business from conventions and tour and travel groups on a 
regional and national level.   
In general, you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and 
independently operated local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food 
and beverage services to the same clientele. Your convention and meeting facilities will also 
compete with national, international and independent hotels and convention centers in other 
regions.   
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
