 
 
43 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Obligation 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement 
Section in HITS 
Agreements 
Disclosure 
Document Item 
w. Non-competition 
covenants 
5.1.29, 7.2 and 7.3 
1.1 
17 
x. Dispute resolution 
16.2.1, 16.2.2 
1.1; Schedule C-1 
 
17 
y. Other: Guaranty of 
franchisee’s obligations 
1, 5.1.15, 8.6 and Guaranty 
1.1 
15 
z.  Other: Liquidated 
Damages 
6.4.4.1 and 13.4 
1.1 
17 
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
Other than the development incentive program described below, we generally do not offer direct 
or indirect financing for franchisees.  We may negotiate these incentives when business 
circumstances warrant.  These programs may be modified, limited, extended or terminated at any 
time without advance notice or amendment of this Disclosure Document. 
We generally require payment of the Franchise Application Fee in a lump sum when you submit 
your Application but may occasionally allow payment of the Franchise Application Fee in 
installments over a limited time period before the start of construction work on the hotel. If we do, 
we will not charge interest or require a security interest over the installment period or require you 
to sign a note. You may prepay the unpaid amount of the Franchise Application Fee at any time. 
If there is a default under the Franchise Agreement, the outstanding balance is accelerated and 
becomes your immediate obligation, along with any court costs and attorneys’ fees for collection. 
We may, in our sole discretion, offer incentives for new hotels (“Incentives”). An Incentive is a 
financial contribution that we make to assist with the development or conversion of your Hotel. To 
receive an Incentive, you and your principals must sign a development incentive note (“Note”) in 
the form attached as Exhibit D-2 when you sign the Franchise Agreement. An Incentive does not 
have to be repaid, unless the franchise terminates before the end of the Term or a transfer occurs 
as described below. The Incentive will be disbursed to you within 30 days after the Hotel opens 
with our consent, as long as: (a) there have been no material adverse changes in the business, 
legal, litigation, bankruptcy status or finances of you, any guarantors, or the project since we 
granted approval; (b) you have completed any required PIP; and (c) you have paid the Franchise 
Application Fee.    
An Incentive is not a loan, it is a contingent liability. If your franchise terminates before the end of 
the Term you must pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive. If you transfer your 
Hotel you must also pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive, unless we permit 
the transferee to assume your obligations under the Note. In that case we may require the 
transferee to provide us with such additional security as we deem appropriate. The repayable 
amount of the Incentive decreases over time. For each year that the Hotel is open, the repayable 
amount is reduced by an equal annual percentage of the Term. For example, if the franchise has 
a 10-year Term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/10th of the original amount annually. If the 
franchise has a 20-year term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/20th of the original amount 
annually. An Incentive bears no interest. However, if an Incentive becomes repayable and 
payment is not made in full when due, the outstanding amount is subject to interest at 1.5% per 
month or the highest rate allowed by law. We may reduce the amount of the Incentive that we 
disburse to you by any amount that you or your affiliates owe to us or our affiliates, and this will 
