 
 
7 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark 
“Graduate”).  We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to 
guest lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any 
Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine.  We and/or any of our affiliates may 
be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has 
established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided that 
any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, 
merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised network or 
chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities regardless 
of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any Restricted 
Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any brands or 
marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There is no 
mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel business must conform to innkeeper liability laws, laws and regulations regarding 
health and safety, food handling and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage 
control laws and dram shop acts, license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and 
restaurant operation and occupancy, laws regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room 
occupancy tax laws, and laws applicable to public accommodations and services such as the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”). In addition, the general business laws, rules and 
regulations which apply to hotels in your jurisdiction will affect you. This includes any government 
orders related to emergent conditions, such as natural disasters and public health emergencies. 
You should consult your lawyer about each of the laws and regulations that apply in your area.  
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Below is a list of the directors, principal officers, and other individuals who have management 
responsibility for the sale or operation of the franchise offered under this Disclosure Document.  
The location of employment for each person is McLean, Virginia unless stated otherwise.   
 
Chief Executive Officer and President: Christopher J. Nassetta 
Mr. Nassetta has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton Worldwide since 
September 2013. He has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton since 
December 2007 and was also a Director of Hilton from December 2007 to October 2013.  He 
served as our Chief Executive Officer and President from October 2013 to January 2015.  He 
served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the former franchising entities from October 
2013 until April 2015.   
 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Kevin J. Jacobs 
Mr. Jacobs is Chief Financial Officer and has served as President, Global Development for Hilton 
since July 2020.  Mr. Jacobs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
of Hilton Worldwide since September 2013 and has also held those positions with us since 
September 2013. He has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hilton 
since October 2013.  Mr. Jacobs served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
