 
 
39 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Reservation Service  
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system  that meet our Standards and 
specifications. All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems. 
Food and Beverage Consultant  
You must use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and Beverage 
Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage 
concepts.  You may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have not approved. Your 
Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, name and logo, 
menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and equipment, linens, 
lighting coordination with an approved Lighting Consultant, sound system coordination with an 
approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other elements of the 
operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets. Your Food and 
Beverage Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage outlets are 
appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant Brand 
(described above) or to hire Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the StiR 
Creative Collective program (described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the 
applicable food and beverage outlets. The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above. 
Consultant Approval Process 
For the above-described Food and Beverage Consultant, we do not maintain a list of pre-
approved consultants or a list of approval criteria for franchisees unless otherwise stated 
above.  We review each proposed consultant based on several factors including: (1) the quality 
