 
 
40 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
of their services; (2) an established history in serving the System or the hotel market; and (3) 
recognition by us and our franchisees for prior work done. There is no specific time period for 
approving or disapproving a consultant, however, we normally provide our approval or disapproval 
within about 30 to 60 days. Currently, we do not charge any fee for reviewing a proposed 
consultant, and we do not receive any revenue or other benefits from an approved consultant 
based on your use of their services (other than the StiR Creative Collective program described 
below). We may disapprove any consultant at any time in our discretion.   
StiR Creative Collective 
Hilton currently offers food and beverage consulting services under the StiR Creative Collective 
program (“StiR”). These services are optional. You are not required to participate in the StiR 
program. The specific consulting services that StiR offers may vary by the location and by the 
type of food and beverage outlets in your Hotel. These services may include, for example: (1) 
conducting a market study and preparing a feasibility report to identify opportunities and help you 
define the objectives of your Hotel’s food and beverage program; (2) developing a comprehensive 
food and beverage program proposing an identity and culinary direction for each food and 
beverage outlet in your Hotel; (3) developing names, logos, branding, and supporting collateral 
for each concept; and (4) consulting with you and your Hotel development project team to ensure 
that the architecture, interior design, kitchen and other back-of-house foodservice areas, lighting, 
sound, and other elements provide the intended operational ability and guest experience. In some 
cases, Hilton may also provide opening menus, recipes, training, and ongoing support after 
opening. You would need to sign a consulting agreement for these services. In each case the 
cost would vary, and would be agreed by you and Hilton based on the specific scope of services 
that you select. By way of example, we anticipate that cost would be $65,000 to $175,000 for up 
to 2 food and beverage outlets (1 full-service restaurant/bar and 1 other bar or limited-service 
outlets) in a Graduate by Hilton hotel. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle charging program, 
and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-friendly hotel 
programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any time. We may 
require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which can involve: (1) 
offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) participating in related 
marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing and using certain 
related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated with the promotional 
programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such promotional programs or 
related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive fees, rebates, and other 
revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as described in this Item 8. 
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for remodeling of the hotel, and any time you 
make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other applicable 
certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply with all 
laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities, as further described in the Manual. You 
may be required to complete an ADA Survey, in conjunction with an approved ADA consultant 
and in the form required by us, to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the ADA within 30 
