 
 
62 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses 
located anywhere, at any time (provided that your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be 
observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other 
way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain of guest lodging businesses or any 
other business regardless of the location of that business, network, chain, or other business’s 
facilities, including within your Restricted Area, and that following such activity we may own, 
operate, manage, franchise, license, or lease those other facilities under any brands or marks 
anywhere, at any time, regardless of the location of those businesses or facilities (provided that 
your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). There is no mechanism for resolving 
any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or businesses described in this 
paragraph. 
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or including 
the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating to your 
Hotel or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. You must 
obtain our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, and 
any proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for further information concerning our 
Web Site requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the 
channels through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
Under the Franchise Agreement we will grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System 
in the operation of a hotel at a specified location under the trademark “Graduate” (“Principal 
Mark”). As used in the Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes 
the Marks. The Marks include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, 
trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), 
slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or 
characteristics associated or used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual 
property rights, that we designate to be used in the System.  
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register. 
As part of the acquisition of the Graduate Brand described in Item 1, HIH obtained the Marks and 
all of the rights associated with them, including the following registrations, from Graduate IP LLC 
on May 24, 2024: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
GRADUATE (word) 
5104952 
December 20, 2016 
GRADUATE HOTELS (word) 
4668348 
January 6, 2015 
GRADUATE HOTELS (logo) 
4867944 
December 8, 2015 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
