{00264795-17} 
6 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
“Gross Receipts Tax” means any gross receipts, sales, use, excise, value added or any similar tax. 
 
“Gross Rooms Revenue” means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of Guest Rooms (both 
transient and permanent) of the Hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards 
under the loyalty programs in which the Hotel participates, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the 
guest room rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fees, late cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-
show revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less allowances 
for any Guest Room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected directly from patrons or 
guests. Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to third-party groups for group stays 
must be included in, and not deducted from, the calculation of Gross Rooms Revenue. 
 
“Guarantor” means the person or entity that guaranties your obligations under this Agreement or any of 
Your Hotel Agreements. 
 
“Guest Rooms” means each rentable unit in the Hotel generally used for overnight guest accommodations, 
the entrance to which is controlled by the same key, provided that adjacent rooms with connecting doors 
that can be locked and rented as separate units are considered separate Guest Rooms.  The initial number 
of approved Guest Rooms is set forth in the Addendum. 
 
“Hilton Worldwide” means Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (NYSE:HLT). 
 
“Hotel” means the property you will operate under this Agreement and includes all structures, facilities, 
appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, exit, parking and other areas located on the Hotel 
Site we have approved for your business or located on any land we approve in the future for additions, 
signs, parking or other facilities. 
 
“Hotel Site” means the real property on which the Hotel is located or to be located, as approved by us.   
 
“Hotel Work” means Construction Work and/or Renovation Work, as the case may be, and the context 
requires. 
 
“Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been operating for at least twenty-
four (24) months, the quotient of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under this Agreement for the twenty-four 
(24) month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) divided by 
twenty-four (24); and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least twenty-four (24) months, the quotient 
of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under this Agreement for the period between the Opening Date and the 
termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and the termination date.  
Any temporary financial accommodations (including but not limited to any Monthly Fee discounts, fee 
ramps, or fee waivers) are excluded from the calculation of Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees.  
 
With respect to subsection (a) above, if a majority of the Guest Rooms were removed from service or regular 
Hotel operations were suspended during the Measurement Period for ninety (90) or more consecutive days 
(for any reason whatsoever, including Force Majeure) (a “Business Interruption”), the calendar month(s) 
in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred will be removed from the Measurement Period, and the 
Measurement Period will be extended earlier in time by one full calendar month for every whole or partial 
calendar month in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred. For the avoidance of doubt, if the application 
of this clause would lead to the Measurement Period being reduced to less than twenty-four (24) full 
calendar months, then the calculation in subsection (b) will apply.  
 
“Improper Payment” means any transaction in violation of applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 
“Indemnified Parties” means us and our Affiliates, and our and their respective predecessors, successors, 
and assigns, and our and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, employees, and agents. 
 
“Information” means all information we obtain from you or about the Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under this Agreement or under any agreement ancillary to this Agreement, including agreements 
