 
 
60 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
agree to give you a Restricted Area Provision for your New Development or Conversion, it will 
normally be for an agreed-on time period, which is shorter than the term of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Restrictive Period”). We will not normally grant a Restricted Area Provision for a 
Change of Ownership or Re-licensing, although we will occasionally do so under unique 
circumstances. The following discussion applies where we agree to give you a Restricted Area 
Provision in your Franchise Agreement: 
1. 
Restricted Area. The boundaries of the Restricted Area will normally depend on the 
relevant market in the immediate area and competitive circumstances in the relevant 
market when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The boundaries will vary in size and 
shape from hotel to hotel.  Boundaries are not delineated according to any standard 
formula, but may be delineated in various ways, including references to cities, metropolitan 
areas, counties or other political subdivisions, references to streets or highways, or 
references to an area encompassed within a radius of specified distance from the front 
door of the hotel.  
2. 
Restricted Area Provision. The Restricted Area Provision will typically restrict us and our 
affiliates from operating, or authorizing someone else to operate, another Brand hotel 
during the Restrictive Period and within the Restricted Area (except as described in 
Paragraph 3 below).  In the Restricted Area Provision, the term ‘Brand’ means the name 
used to identify the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and Standards. 
It excludes any other brands or product lines containing “Graduate” in the name.  It also 
excludes Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., its affiliates, and other chains of hotels that 
include the word “Hilton” as part of their brand name (such as “Hilton Garden Inn,” 
“DoubleTree by Hilton” or “Homewood Suites by Hilton”).  
3. 
Exclusions from the Restricted Area Provision: The Restricted Area Provision will 
generally not apply to: (a) any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction 
or has been approved for development or opening as a Brand hotel as of the Effective 
Date, or any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area that replaces such 
hotel under the Brand; (b) hotels or motels under brands other than the Brand; (c) hotels 
or motels that will not begin operating under the Brand until after the expiration of the 
Restrictive Period; (d) gaming-oriented hotels or facilities using the Brand; (e) shared 
ownership properties (commonly known as “vacation ownership” or “time share 
ownership” or similar real estate properties) under the Brand; and (f) any hotels, motels, 
or inns that are part of a chain or group of four (4) or more hotels, motels, or inns that we 
or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group of related transactions, own, 
operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, acquisition 
or marketing agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Brand 
name or any other name. 
4. 
Restrictive Period.  The Restrictive Period will normally be for an agreed-on time period. 
Generally, this period will be shorter than the term of the Franchise Agreement, usually 
tied to a specified number of years from the date your Franchise Application was 
approved. In some cases, the Restrictive Period may reduce in geographic scope after an 
agreed-on time period. The continuation of the Restrictive Period will not depend on your 
achieving any particular sales volume or market penetration. An increase in population in 
the Restricted Area will not affect it and there are no other circumstances when your 
Restricted Area may be altered. Historically, we have extended the Restrictive Period for 
the full term of the Franchise Agreement; however we do not intend to do so in the future. 
