 
 
77 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreements
Summary 
during the term 
of this franchise 
Hotel in our sole judgment, but you may own a minority 
interest in a Competitor under certain circumstances, and 
you may be a franchisee of a Competitor, or manage a 
property of a Competitor. You may not, and must ensure 
that your Affiliates do not, allow any Competitor to use 
Your Marks without our prior written approval. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
None. 
r. Non-
competition 
covenants after 
the franchise is 
terminated or 
expires 
FA – Not applicable 
 
None. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
None. 
s. Modification of 
the agreement 
FA §16.5.1 
No change, termination, or attempted waiver or 
cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind us 
unless it is in writing, specifically designated as an 
amendment or waiver, and signed by one of our officers.  
We may condition our agreement to any amendment or 
waiver on receiving from you, in a form satisfactory to us, 
an estoppel and general release of claims that you may 
have against us, our Affiliates, and related parties.   
HITS Agreement 1.1 
No additions or modifications to the Agreement unless in 
writing and signed by all parties. 
t. Integration/ 
merger clause 
FA §16.4 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the 
Application, the Guaranty and any other related 
agreements signed by the parties are enforceable (subject 
to state law). Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
However, nothing in this section disclaims the statements 
made in our franchise disclosure document. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
 
Only the terms of the Agreement (and any representations 
in the franchise disclosure document) are binding (subject 
to state law).  Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
u. Dispute 
resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
FA – Not applicable, 
except in Puerto Rico, 
Puerto Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2. 
 
None, except in Puerto Rico. In Puerto Rico, except as 
noted below, all claims and disputes will be settled by 
arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration 
Association, JAMS, or similar arbitral body chosen at our 
election, in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, by 1 or more arbitrators chosen in accordance 
with those rules. To the extent the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure do not govern certain procedures or 
requirements relating to the arbitration, the rules of the 
applicable arbitral body will apply. The proceedings will be 
conducted in English. As an alternative to arbitration, we 
may elect to initiate or maintain any action for temporary 
remedies, or injunctive or other equitable relief, in any 
court, governmental agency, or other authority with 
jurisdiction over the matter. Issues relating to the conduct 
of any arbitration proceeding, and the enforcement of any 
arbitration award, will be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act.   
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
