 
 
47 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
$273,450. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is 
based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable.   
 
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS 
Agreement) and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and 
use of the OnQ system. The current HITS Agreement is attached as Exhibit G. You must also 
purchase certain software licenses such as Windows Server operating systems and related client 
access licenses, database applications, and virus detection and removal tools. Where applicable, 
these licenses must be purchased through existing enterprise agreements HSS has in place with 
vendors such as Microsoft. HSS will invoice the Hotel for such purchases. You may purchase 
other software not covered by enterprise agreements from other third-party suppliers. Costs of 
these licenses may vary based on the number of users or computers at your Hotel and other 
factors. 
 
OnQ Connectivity. The cost for OnQ connectivity is billed to you by HSS, and costs between $400 
and $600 per month ($4,800 and $7,200 per year). Billing will begin when your Hotel’s internet 
access circuit is installed, about 45 days before opening. These fees are not refundable (see HITS 
Agreement, Order Document Section 1.7). 
 
Start-Up Delay and Rescheduling Fees. You must have one or more Systems Implementation 
Consultants (“SICs”) on site for your Hotel’s opening. HSS determines the number of SICs and 
the number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening 
will cost $700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICs’ travel expenses. If the delay 
results in the departure and re-scheduling of the SICs’ on-site service period, a $2,000 re-
scheduling fee would be charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not 
refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11).   
 
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on OnQ 
software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware and you 
must pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost varies 
based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. In 2024, these fees ranged from $2,230 
and $6,630 per month ($26,760 and $79,560 per year). These fees are not refundable (see HITS 
Agreement). 
OnQ Additional Rooms Fee.  If you add or construct additional guest rooms/suites at your Hotel 
at any time after you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must pay HSS a fee for each additional 
room/suite that is added when it is complete.  This fee is currently $120 per guest room/suite and 
is not refundable.  
OnQ Additional Interface Fee.  If you add additional OnQ interfaces any time after your Hotel is 
opened, you must pay HSS a fee for each additional interface. This fee is currently $1,000 per 
interface and is not refundable.  
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 
3 years or such longer period as we may designate.  We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the 
original installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation 
only).     
