EXHIBIT _ 
 
PUERTO RICO ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall 
supersede and apply to all Franchise Agreements offered and sold in Puerto Rico: 
 
1. 
Subsection 16.2 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety, and replaced by the 
following: 
 
 
“16.2 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue 
 
16.2.1 The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States 
Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ¶ 1050 et seq.), as amended, and except as set forth 
in Subsection 16.2.2, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without 
recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  Nothing in this Section is intended 
to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant,” unfair 
competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of New York or any other state that 
would not otherwise apply absent this Subsection 16.2.1.   
 
16.2.2 The Parties irrevocably agree that all disputes, controversies or claims 
arising out of in connection with this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity of this 
Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association, 
JAMS or similar arbitral body (at Franchisor’s election) in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure by one (1) or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with said rules.  To the extent the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure do not govern certain procedures or requirements relating to the 
arbitration, the parties will look to the applicable rules of the applicable arbitral body. The venue of 
the arbitration will be Fairfax County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New York, New 
York. Arbitration proceedings will be conducted in English.   You consent to personal jurisdiction and 
venue this jurisdiction and waive, and agree not to assert, move or otherwise claim that the venue in 
this jurisdiction is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that actions initiated or maintained by us for 
temporary remedies, injunctive or other equitable relief may be brought in any competent court or 
other governmental agency or authority.  Notwithstanding such election, the choice of substantive law 
made by the parties pursuant to this Subsection 16.2 shall continue to apply. Issues relating to the 
conduct of any arbitration and enforcement of any award shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration 
Act, 9 U.S.C. §§1-16.  An award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.” 
 
     
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
