 
 
50 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Digital Key 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key.  There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health club memberships (if 
applicable), you are able to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and 
software, subject to meeting our Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction 
would be where such hardware and software need to interface to OnQ. In those instances, your 
choice of supplier would be restricted to those that have a working interface to OnQ. The 
hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective 
vendors you choose. 
Replacement of the OnQ Property Management System 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document we are in the early phases of converting our property 
management system within OnQ (the OnQ PMS) to a new and more-advanced system called the 
Hilton Property Management System (“HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to informally as the 
Property Engagement Platform (“PEP®”). HPMS will be a complete replacement for the OnQ 
PMS. It will provide the same basic functionality along with some new features (HPMS will not 
replace the guest internet access system). HPMS will utilize similar training and a similar HITS 
Agreement as the OnQ PMS. We anticipate that the cost of installing, operating, and updating 
HPMS will be lower than the cost of OnQ PMS. We began installing HPMS in a limited number of 
hotels in 2022 and we have been pursuing wider deployment since that time. The transition of 
System Hotels to HPMS may vary by market and by Hotel, and may occur over a period of months 
or years.   
 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, HPMS is not yet required for the Brand in the US. 
However, we anticipate that HPMS will become required for most System hotels in the future. In 
the meantime, we may offer you the option of installing HPMS in lieu of the OnQ PMS if we 
determine it is suitable for your Hotel. We recommend that all new hotels that are able to install 
HPMS do so before opening. For hotels in which HPMS is not yet available, we may require you 
to upgrade to HPMS at some point in the future and sign a new HITS Agreement or amendment. 
We will work with you on planning for that transition at the appropriate time. We developed HPMS 
in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS 
are proprietary to Hilton. We are not able to determine a separate market price for HPMS because 
there is no third-party market for HPMS in its entirety.  
Training 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part 
of the certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and 
operational functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and 
