 
 
46 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
relevant factors. If we do not approve your proposed management company, then we will 
require you to hire a professional hotel management company satisfactory to us to 
manage the hotel for at least the first year of operations. At the end of the year, if you 
request it, we will reevaluate this requirement. 
 
(5) 
We will provide you with the applicable HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by 
HSS) before you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use 
the Reservation Service which is an integral part of the System we license to you (see 
Computer System below.)   
 
(6) 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
(7) 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials. You must also pay for travel, lodging and other expenses associated with 
training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing, or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change.  The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software.  You must use authorized hardware and the required software for 
the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred providers, 
or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party providers. If you acquire the hardware 
from another (non-preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in 
determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay for all necessary 
communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic mail, and Internet 
connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. You are 
required to license the OnQ software from our affiliate, HSS.  HSS is the only supplier of the OnQ 
software because of its proprietary nature. We are not able to determine a separate market price 
because there is no third-party market for this product. You must pay for the reasonable travel 
and other expenses of HSS employees and vendors who install and maintain the software.  If you 
purchase the standard hardware and software from HSS, it will cost between $118,350 and 
