 
 
55 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
(3) 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you or your personnel. Management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
Quality Assurance Program 
Our quality assurance program has multiple components. Under this program, we conduct 
periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits (including Stay Score 
assessments) to ensure your Hotel’s compliance with PIP requirements, renovation requirements, 
and overall System Standards.  Our quality assurance fees are listed in Item 6. The intent of these 
fees is to recoup our actual costs as well as damage and losses incurred in connection with harm 
done to the Brand’s reputation and goodwill as a result of quality and service failures at Brand 
hotels. Accordingly, any amounts collected in excess of our costs will be used to supplement the 
Monthly Program Fee for the benefit of the System and Network as described below, and will not 
be retained by us.   
Our Service Quality Improvement Program (formerly known as the Quality Improvement Program) 
is a part of our quality assurance program. Any hotel that fails to meet our minimum Service 
Quality Standards for more than 6 continuous months may be required to participate in our Service 
Quality Improvement Program, which consists of: (a) completion of a Service Improvement Plan 
for your Hotel; (b) you or your management’s successful completion of our service improvement 
process (which may include additional assessments, re-training, consulting and coaching, or other 
steps administered by us or third-party vendors we designate); and (c) payment of the applicable 
Service Quality Improvement program fees. We may waive one or more these requirements 
based on the particular circumstances at individual hotels. We plan to implement these updates 
to our Service Quality Improvement Program later this year. At that time, we might make certain 
adjustments to the program components and fees. See Item 6.  
 
Advertising 
We are not required to engage in or maintain any particular advertising program apart from our 
general obligations to periodically publish and make available to the traveling public a directory of 
all System Hotels (including your Hotel), to include your Hotel in national or regional group 
advertising of System Hotels, and to include your Hotel in international, national and regional 
market programs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). Most advertising is placed on the internet, 
as well as in traditional media (such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazine, and direct email), 
generally with national coverage. The source of our advertising is our in-house marketing 
department, advertising agencies, and other external vendors. 
You must advertise and promote the hotel and related facilities and services on a local and 
regional basis as we specify in the Manual, in a first-class, dignified manner, using our identity 
and graphics standards for all System Hotels, at your cost and expense. You must submit to us 
samples of all advertising and promotional materials that we have not previously approved 
(including any materials in digital, electronic, or computerized form, or in any form of media that 
exists now or is developed in the future) before you produce or distribute them. You may not begin 
using the materials until we approve them. You must immediately discontinue your use of any 
advertising or promotional material that we reasonably believe is not in the best interest of your 
