 
 
59 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
us. Adyen provides electronic payment processing services for this program. Currently, you do 
not have to pay any additional fees to us or to Adyen to enroll in the digital payments option and 
the Advance Purchase Fee will be waived. However, Adyen may charge certain transaction, 
processing, or service fees that apply to your account (such as non-sufficient funds charges). If 
you wish to participate in the Advance Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on 
request. We may modify this program and make this program or some of its components 
mandatory in the future.   
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel  
For New Development, you must start construction at your Hotel within 16 months from the date 
we approve your Application. You then must complete construction, receive our authorization for 
opening, and open your Hotel within 36 months from the date we approve your Application.  
In Conversion, Re-licensing, or Change of Ownership situations, you must upgrade the property 
to meet our standards. We will establish a deadline by which you must begin work on a project-
by-project basis.  Generally, you must complete the requisite upgrades for Change of Ownership 
situations within the timeframe we establish in the PIP.  In Conversion situations, we determine 
the commencement and completion deadlines according to your PIP. We determine the deadlines 
for beginning and completing work for room additions on a project-by-project basis.  
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location.  There are no provisions in the 
standard Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not 
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that 
our affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The 
standard Franchise Agreement permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, or 
affiliate or associate with any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality 
industry or not, and whether under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and 
in any location.  We and our affiliates have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if 
they compete with your Hotel, the Brand, System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or 
our affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come 
under common ownership with, affiliate or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) 
use or license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or 
personnel used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the 
Brand, and the Marks in the Other Businesses.  You acknowledge and agree that you have no 
rights to, and will not make any claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or 
related to any of the foregoing activities, and you acknowledge and agree that such activities will 
not give rise to any liability on our part, including, but not limited to, liability for claims for unfair 
competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, or divided loyalty. “Other Businesses” means any business activity we or our affiliates 
engage in, other than the licensing of your Hotel.  
 
We may, however, agree to give franchisees certain specific territorial restrictions (“Restricted 
Area Provision”) for an area surrounding the franchised hotel and encompassing the immediate 
competitive market for the hotel as may be agreed on by the parties (“Restricted Area”). If we 
