HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
penalties and interest, and all related costs and expenses of whatever nature (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements and costs of investigation, litigation, experts, settlement, judgment, interest and penalties) from any individual 
or entity which arise out of Customer’s (a) access to or any use of any of the Agreement Products and Services or any portion 
of the Information System, and (b) acts and omissions under this Agreement, including without limitation infringement of any 
intellectual property rights. 
HSS reserves the right for any reason, including, but not limited to, Customer’s failure to comply with the Information System’s 
use regulations, rules and policies, to temporarily bar access of Customer to the Information System and/or to temporarily or 
permanently remove any or all data or other files if HSS or the third party provider hereunder determines or receives notice that 
Customer’s network connection, software, equipment or files may infect the Information System with a virus, that internet 
access by the Customer or Customer’s access to or use of the information system is in violation of the applicable acceptable 
use policy governing use of the internet service provider’s services (“AUP”) or any governmental law or regulation or that 
Customer’s network connection, software, equipment or files may cause harm to or disrupt the Information System.  HSS and 
the third party provider will not be liable for any inconvenience or disruption to the Customer caused by such measures. 
HSS may inform governmental authorities or interested third parties if HSS suspects, believes or receives notice that 
Customer’s data or other files contain legally prohibited information or are being used for illegal purposes.  Customer 
acknowledges that HSS or the third party provider may monitor and review stored data and other files without restriction and 
Customer hereby acknowledges and consents to such monitoring.  Customer also acknowledges that HSS or the third party 
provider may need to release Customer’s data or other files when HSS or the third party provider believes it must do so in order 
to comply with a law, subpoena, warrant, order or regulation arising from litigants, law enforcement, courts and other 
governmental agencies.  Neither HSS nor the third party provider will be responsible or liable to Customer for any such actions 
taken by HSS or the third party provider 
The remedies provided in this Agreement constitute Customer’s sole and exclusive remedies.  In no event will HSS be liable for 
any special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of use, lost profits 
or loss of data or information of any kind, arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, whether or not HSS has been 
advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.  In no event will HSS’s liability to Customer arising out of or in connection 
with this Agreement, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, exceed the amounts actually paid by Customer to HSS under this 
Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately preceding the time that the cause of action giving rise to such liability 
first accrues. 
To the extent not prohibited by law, the warranties contained in this Article 5 (Disclaimers) are exclusive and there are no other 
express or implied warranties or conditions.   
ARTICLE 6. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
Customer will maintain the confidential and proprietary nature of the Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software, Information 
System, Services and any and all information, documentation and materials of HSS and HSS Affiliates which are disclosed under or 
provided or made available to Customer under or in connection with this Agreement.  The foregoing includes without limitation proprietary 
ideas, patentable ideas, copyrights, trade secrets, existing and contemplated products and services, software, schematics, research and 
development, discoveries, inventions, methods, processes, materials, algorithms, formulas, specifications, designs, data, strategies, 
plans, and know-how, whether tangible or intangible (collectively, the “Confidential Information”).  Customer will maintain such Confidential 
Information in confidence and agrees not to disclose or otherwise make available the Confidential Information to any person or entity 
other than Customer’s employees at the Hotel who are bound by obligations of confidentiality no less stringent than those set forth herein, 
without prior written consent of HSS.  Customer further agrees to take all reasonable steps and precautions, necessary to protect the 
Confidential Information from unauthorized use or disclosure. 
ARTICLE 7. 
PRECEDENCE AND INTERPRETATION 
The terms and conditions of Customer’s use of the Agreement Products and Services and the Information System will be governed 
exclusively by this Agreement and any applicable Joinder Agreements notwithstanding any different terms submitted by Customer to 
HSS.  In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any Order Document, the Order Document will control.  Terms in the 
Relationship Agreement addressing the same issue as terms in this Agreement will be deemed to be additional and complimentary to 
this Agreement’s terms except to the extent that such Relationship Agreement terms specifically conflict with the terms of this Agreement 
in which case the terms of this Agreement will control. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, by the signature of its respective authorized representative, each of the Parties agrees to be bound by all of 
the terms of this Agreement. 
 
HSS 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC 
 
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
