 
 
17 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an 
extension of any start date or completion date for your project, you must submit a written request 
before that date occurs. If we approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will 
set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 
days’ notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request 
any further extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we 
approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and 
completion dates accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, 
Change of Ownership, or room addition projects. 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  You 
must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of 
them, as described below.    
OnQ System. Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ®” system, which connects System Hotels 
to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components for the 
operation of the Hotel. The complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support.   
You may purchase the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may 
purchase or lease it from other (non-preferred) third-party vendors. You must license the OnQ 
software from HSS because it is proprietary. If you purchase the standard OnQ package from 
HSS, we estimate that it will cost within the range shown here for our prototype size of hotel shown 
in Item 7. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is 
based on the size of the Hotel and number of workstations.  
You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years or such longer 
period as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with 
a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We anticipate 
that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installations (but not including 
any elements that were needed for the original installation only).   
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public 
spaces at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”). Currently, our 
approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” The initial set-up costs of 
this system are paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system. The 
GRO system is an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing 
recommendations for your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting. The GRO system 
integrates with the OnQ system for ease of operation. You are not required to adopt the pricing 
recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that are paid to HSS 
are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details.  
