 
 
13 
2025 US GRADUATE BY HILTON 
online booking process. Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels 
indicated that mandatory guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were 
routinely provided at no cost or bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised 
as free but actually covered by the mandatory guest fee. Plaintiff sought an injunction, restitution 
for consumers, civil penalties, and attorneys’ fees and costs. In February 2024, without admitting 
any fault, Hilton entered into a settlement agreement with Plaintiff and agreed to pay $300,000 
and clearly disclose all mandatory fees and the total price for a booking. 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. Portland Hotel Ownership, et al. (Fairfax County Circuit Court, 
Case Number, Case Number 2020-14233).  
On September 17, 2020, we filed suit against Portland Hotel Ownership, LLC, a former franchisee 
of a Curio brand hotel, for breach of contract arising from the early termination of the franchise 
agreement. We also filed a breach of promissory note action against the franchisee and Jolaine 
Associates, LLC, as co-makers of a development incentive note issued in connection with the 
franchise agreement. The defendants counterclaimed on November 10, 2020, for breach of 
contract, fraudulent inducement, and other ancillary claims. The defendants contended that we 
made false representations as to exclusivity of the brand market and brand market support and 
sought $30,000,000 in damages. After the court dismissed several of the defendant’s 
counterclaims, in June 2021 the defendant filed an amended counterclaim alleging breach of 
contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement, fraud, and 
unlawful practices under New York Franchise Law. On July 28, 2022, the parties settled this case 
by agreeing to dismiss all claims and exchange general releases. 
San Pedro Inn, LP v. Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey Chancery 
Division General Equity Part, Union County Docket No. UNN-C- 121 19). 
On July 18, 2019, we sent a notice to terminate plaintiff’s franchise for a Hampton hotel for failure 
to cure a material breach of the franchise agreement. On August 28, 2019, plaintiff filed a 
complaint alleging wrongful termination under the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act. Plaintiff 
claimed that we imposed unreasonable Quality Assurance standards and that an inspection was 
hindered by plaintiff’s former employee. Plaintiff sought an injunction to stop the termination plus 
damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, and other relief. The Court denied the injunction on December 
18, 2019, and plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration. We filed an answer and counterclaim on 
January 21, 2020, denying the allegations and asserting claims for liquidated damages, attorneys’ 
fees, and costs. The parties settled the case on September 25, 2020. The parties agreed to 
dismiss all claims, exchange general releases, and terminate the franchise on April 28, 2021 
without the payment of any termination damages or litigation costs by either party. 
Kathleen Soule v. Hilton Worldwide, Inc. and Doe Defendants 1-50 (Circuit Court, First Circuit, 
State of Hawaii, Civil No. 13-1-2790-10-KKS (Class Action). 
On October 17, 2013, Kathleen Soule, individually and on behalf of all persons similarly situated 
(“Plaintiff”), filed a civil class action complaint against HWI, alleging that failure to disclose at the 
time a reservation was made that a resort fee was mandatory was a violation of Hawaii’s Uniform 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act. Plaintiff sought restitution, disgorgement of gains, actual, punitive 
and exemplary damages, statutory treble damages, pre-judgment interest, costs and 
disbursements, including attorneys’ fees and other relief in an unspecified amount. Without 
admitting any fault or wrongdoing, HWI entered into an agreed settlement with Plaintiff that was 
submitted to the court for approval in February 2015 and ultimately settled in August 2015.  Under 
