EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Franchisor shall have no liability to Franchisee as a result of Franchisor access or failing to access 
the Technology.   
13.19.3 
All data provided by Franchisee, uploaded to Franchisor’s system from 
Franchisee’s system, and/or downloaded from Franchisee’s system to Franchisor’s system, is, and 
will be owned exclusively by Franchisor and Franchisor will have the right to use such data in any 
manner that Franchisor deems appropriate without compensation to Franchisee.  In addition, all 
other data created or collected by Franchisee in connection with the System, or in connection with 
Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Business (including but not limited to consumer and 
transaction data), is and will be owned exclusively by Franchisor during Initial Term and any 
Renewal Term, and following termination, nonrenewal, or expiration of, this Agreement for any 
reason.  Copies and/or originals of such data must be provided to Franchisor upon Franchisor’s 
request.  Franchisor hereby licenses use of such data back to Franchisee, at no additional cost, 
solely for the Initial Term and solely for Franchisee’s use in connection with the establishment and 
operation of the Franchised Business pursuant to this Agreement. Franchisor shall have the right 
to obtain financial, enrollment, student, and fee reports from Franchisee’s Technology at any time.  
13.19.4 
Despite the fact that Franchisee agrees to buy, use, and maintain the 
Technology according to Franchisor’s standards and specifications, Franchisee will have sole and 
complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the 
Technology; (2) the manner in which the Technology interfaces with Franchisor’s and any third 
party’s computer system; and (3) any and all consequences if the Technology is not properly 
operated, maintained, and upgraded. Franchisee may not install any software, other than authorized 
upgrades, or make any hardware modifications to the Technology that might hamper or interfere 
with the operation of the Technology in the manner Franchisor requires. Franchisee acknowledges 
and agrees that Franchisor shall have no responsibility under any circumstances for any 
malfunction or "crash" of any Technology provided by or approved by Franchisor, including, but 
not limited to, for any data lost as a result of such malfunction or "crash."  
13.19.5 
Franchisee is expressly prohibited from utilizing any form of artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) technology in the operation, management, or marketing of the Franchised 
Business without the express written approval of Franchisor. This includes, but is not limited to, 
AI-driven customer service, data analysis, image generation, text generation, code generation, 
sound generation, and decision-making tools. Any breach of this provision will be considered a 
material violation of this Agreement. 
§14 
Franchisor’s Additional Operations Assistance 
14.1 
General Advice and Guidance. Franchisor shall be available to render advice, discuss 
problems and offer general guidance to Franchisee by telephone, e-mail, teleconference, 
newsletters and other methods with respect to planning, opening and operating the Franchised 
Business.  Franchisor shall not charge for this service; however, Franchisor retains the right to 
refuse or charge a fee for this service should Franchisee be deemed by Franchisor to be utilizing 
this service too frequently or in an unintended manner. Franchisor’s advice or guidance to 
Franchisee relative to prices for products and services that, in Franchisor’s judgment, constitutes 
good business practice is based upon the experience of Franchisor and its franchisees in operating 
Ivybrook Academy businesses and an analysis of costs and prices charged for competitive products 
