EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
18.3.3 Franchisor’s consent to a transfer of any interest in this Agreement, or of any 
ownership interest in the Franchised Business, shall not constitute a waiver of any claims 
Franchisor may have against the transferor or the transferee, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of 
Franchisor’s right to demand compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
18.4 
Franchisor’s Disclosure to Transferee. Franchisor has the right, without liability of any 
kind or nature whatsoever to Franchisee, to make available for inspection by any intended 
transferee of Franchisee all or any part of Franchisor’s records relating to this Agreement, the 
Franchised Business or to the history of the relationship of the parties hereto, including records 
provided by Franchisee to Franchisor.  Franchisee hereby specifically consents to such disclosure 
by Franchisor and shall release and hold Franchisor, Franchisor’s predecessors and Affiliates; and 
their respective shareholders, members, partners, officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, 
representatives, attorneys, accountants, guarantors, successors, and assigns, in both their corporate 
and individual capacities harmless from and against any claim, loss or injury resulting from an 
inspection of Franchisor’s records relating to the Franchised Business by an intended transferee 
identified by Franchisee. 
18.5 
For-Sale Advertising. Franchisee shall not, without prior written consent of Franchisor, 
place in, on or upon the location of the Franchised Business, or in any communication media, any 
form of advertising relating to the sale of the Franchised Business or the rights granted hereunder. 
18.6 
Transfer by Death or Incapacity. Upon the death or Incapacity of Franchisee (if 
Franchisee is an individual) or any holder of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee (if 
Franchisee is a business entity), the appropriate representative of such person (whether 
administrator, personal representative or trustee) shall, within a reasonable time not exceeding 180 
days following such event, transfer such individual’s interest in the Franchised Business or in 
Franchisee to an heir or other third party approved by Franchisor. Such transfers, including 
transfers by will or inheritance, shall be subject to the conditions for assignments and transfers 
contained in this Agreement, unless prohibited by the laws of the state wherein Franchisee resided, 
with such choice of law provision being applicable only for this Section 18.6. The transferee, 
whether an heir or other third party, shall satisfy Franchisor’s then-current criteria for transferees. 
During such 180-day period, the Franchised Business must (i) remain at all times under the primary 
management of a Chief Executive Officer or School Administrator who otherwise meets 
Franchisor’s management qualifications and (ii) be operated in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.  
18.7 
Transfer Damages. If Franchisee or an owner engages in a transfer without first 
complying with the applicable transfer provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, 
the provisions of Articles 18 and 19) Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor, within fifteen (15) 
days of receiving notice from Franchisor, in addition to the amounts owed under this Agreement, 
transfer damages of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000). The parties to this Agreement 
acknowledge and agree that it would be impracticable to determine precisely the damages 
Franchisor would incur from this Agreement’s unauthorized transfer. The parties consider this 
transfer damages provision to be a reasonable, good faith pre-estimate of those damages. 
