 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
(ii) 
Computers and Software. You must purchase and subscribe to the computer systems 
and software described in Item 11. Currently, you are required to subscribe to The Student Hub, a 
school management and payment processing software. The exclusive supplier of The Student Hub 
is owned by an affiliate, Catapult.  
 
(iii) 
Furniture, Equipment, Signage. You are also required to purchase all furniture, 
signage, décor, and any items bearing our Marks from suppliers we approve, which may be us or 
our affiliates. You will need to purchase from us a package of proprietary décor items prior to 
opening. 
 
(iv) 
Professional Services. You must use the professional services of our approved 
architect and construction management company.  
 
(v) 
Marketing. You must use our designated supplier for marketing services and 
materials.  
 
(vi) 
Supplies. You are required to purchase certain supplies, including branded 
materials from an approved supplier.  
 
(vii) 
Insurance. You are obligated to obtain and maintain at your own expense the types 
and amounts of insurance that we designate in our Confidential Brand Standards Manual or 
otherwise in writing.  All policies (except any workers’ compensation insurance) must name us as 
an additional insured and all shall contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us and our 
successors and assigns. In addition to any other insurances that may be required by applicable law 
or by your landlord, you must procure:  
 
- All risk property insurance coverage; 
- Worker’s compensation insurance in the amount required by state law;  
- Employer liability insurance with a minimum of $100,000; and 
- Comprehensive liability insurance against claims for bodily and personal injury, death, and 
property damage with a minimum liability coverage of $2,000,000 per occurrence. 
 
The franchise agreement also outlines the types, amounts, terms and conditions of insurance 
coverage required for your School, including, but not limited to, standards for underwriters of 
policies providing required insurance coverage; our protection and rights under such policies as an 
additional named insured; and similar matters relating to insured and uninsured claims.  If a lease 
or any other contract you enter into or state law requires more insurance than listed above, you 
must purchase and maintain such additional insurance, but you must never have less insurance 
than that listed above.  The cost of this coverage will vary depending on the insurance carrier’s 
charges, terms of payments and your history.  All insurance policies must name us as an additional 
insured party.   
 
(viii) NAEYC and NAREA. You must be a member of NAEYC (National Association for 
the Education of Young Children) and your school must be accredited by NAEYC when you are 
