 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
rating evaluations; capacity and instructor/child ratios; specified minimum indoor and outdoor 
physical facilities and equipment; personnel screening obligations involving background checks 
and criminal records checks; personnel credentials, age restrictions and training requirements; 
obligations to report evidence of child abuse and neglect; food service requirements; labor and 
employment practices; limitations on restrictive covenants; and recordkeeping requirements. The 
Americans with Disabilities Act also may apply to the operation of your School.  If you choose to 
offer private kindergarten courses, the applicable laws and regulations may be different from or in 
addition to the laws and regulations applicable to preschools, including different licensure 
requirements. Local laws and authorities will determine the enrollment capacity for the School. 
You must investigate, keep informed of and comply with these laws as well as other federal, state 
and local laws.   
 
Additionally, your School must be accredited by NAEYC (National Association for the Education 
of Young Children) when you are eligible for accreditation after two years of operation. NAEYC 
has accreditation standards that you will be required to meet and maintain, including standards for 
curriculum, physical environment, teaching, and assessment, among other topics. Your School must 
be accredited by Better Business Bureau, which has its own standards as well. 
 
Item 2: Business Experience. 
 
Drew McWilliams – Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder.  Drew McWilliams is one of our 
co-founders. From February 2015 to May 2024, he was our President. Since May 2024, he has 
been our Chief Executive Officer. Drew is also a co-founder of the Weddington, NC Ivybrook 
Academy location owned by our affiliate McWilliams Education Services, LLC.  Drew has served 
as President of McWilliams Education Services, LLC since March 2006.  
 
Jennifer McWilliams –Co-Founder. Jennifer McWilliams is one of our co-founders. From 
February 2015 to December 2024, she was our Head of Schools. Jennifer is also a co-founder of 
the Ivybrook Academy location owned by our affiliate McWilliams Education Services, LLC.  
 
Daniela McElhaney – Vice President of Education and Curriculum. Since August 2022, Daniela 
McElhaney has been a Vice President of Education and Curriculum. From January 2018 to August 
2022 Ms. McElhaney was our Executive Director of Operations.  
 
Katherine Bell – Vice President of Training.  Since August 2022, Katherine Bell has been a Vice 
President of Training. From January 2018 to August 2022, Ms. Bell served as the Executive 
Director of Curriculum.  
 
Amy Cowan – Vice President of Operations. Since July 2022, Amy Cowan has been our Vice 
President of Operations. From October 2020 to July 2022, Ms. Cowan served as an Executive 
Director of Franchise Support. She also served as an administrator of the Weddington, NC campus 
from March 2019 to October 2020.  
 
Jason Barclay – Franchise Development Representative. Since September 2016, Mr. Barclay has 
served as a Partner of BrandONE Franchise Development, LLC.  Mr.  Barclay's primary office is 
located in Charlotte, NC. 
