EXHIBIT H TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
b) 
For the purposes of this Agreement “Confidential Information” means technical 
and nontechnical information used in or related to the Franchised Business that is not commonly 
known by or available to the public, including, without limitation, Trade Secrets and information 
contained in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual and training guides and materials. In 
addition, any other information identified as confidential shall be deemed Confidential 
Information.   
 
 
c) 
Any information expressly designated by Company or Franchisee as “Trade 
Secrets” or “Confidential Information” shall be deemed such for all purposes of this Agreement, 
but the absence of designation shall not relieve Individual of his or her obligations hereunder in 
respect of information otherwise constituting Trade Secrets or Confidential Information. 
Individual understands Franchisee’s providing of access to the Trade Secrets and other 
Confidential Information creates a relationship of confidence and trust between Individual and 
Franchisee with respect to the Trade Secrets and other Confidential Information.   
 
2. 
Confidentiality/Nondisclosure. 
 
 
a) 
Individual shall not communicate or divulge to (or use for the benefit of) any other 
person, firm, association, or corporation, with the sole exception of Franchisee, now or at any time 
in the future, any Trade Secrets or other Confidential Information. At all times from the date of 
this Agreement, Individual must take all steps reasonably necessary and/or requested by 
Franchisee to ensure that the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets are kept confidential 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Individual must comply with all applicable policies, 
procedures and practices that Franchisee has established and may establish from time to time with 
regard to the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. 
 
 
b) 
Individual’s obligations under paragraph 2(a) of this Agreement shall continue in 
effect after termination of Individual’s relationship with Franchisee, regardless of the reason or 
reasons for termination, and whether such termination is voluntary or involuntary, and Franchisee 
is entitled to communicate Individual’s obligations under this Agreement to any future customer 
or employer to the extent deemed necessary by Franchisee for protection of its rights hereunder 
and regardless of whether Individual or any of its affiliates or assigns becomes an investor, partner, 
joint venturer, broker, distributor or the like in an Ivybrook Academy business. 
 
3.  
Noncompetition. 
 
a) During the term of Individual’s relationship with Franchisee, Individual shall not for 
themselves or through, on behalf of or in conjunction with, any person, persons, 
partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other business entity:  
 
1. divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of Franchisee to any 
Competitive Business; 
 
2. do or perform any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with 
the Company’s trademark “Ivybrook Academy” and such other trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, trade dress, designs, graphics, logos, emblems, insignia, 
