EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
2.4.3  Franchisee may offer and sell approved products and services only from the 
Franchised Business at the Accepted Location, except as Franchisor may give prior written 
approval. Franchisee may not offer or sell products through any other means or locations, including 
via the Internet. Franchisee shall only offer or sell products and services to retail customers for 
their use and consumption and not for resale. 
2.5 
Additional Franchise Outlets. Franchisee does not have the right to open more than one 
Ivybrook Academy.  If Franchisor and Franchisee mutually agree that Franchisee shall open one 
or more additional Ivybrook Academy franchises, each such additional franchise will governed by 
a separate franchise agreement. 
2.6 
Sub-Franchising/Agents. Franchisee shall not sublicense the use of the System or Marks 
to any person or entity.  Except as permitted in Section 18, Franchisee shall not grant any person 
or entity the right to perform any part of Franchisee’s rights or obligations licensed hereunder. 
2.7 
Franchisor's Rights 
2.7.1 All rights that are not granted to Franchisee in this Agreement are specifically 
reserved to Franchisor, and Franchisor will not be restricted in any manner from exercising them 
nor will Franchisor be required to compensate Franchisee should Franchisor exercise them. 
2.7.2 Franchisor’s rights include, directly or through others and regardless of either (a) 
proximity to Franchisee’s Accepted Location or Territory or (b) any actual or threatened impact 
on sales of the Franchised Business to: 
2.7.2.1 
use the Marks and System in connection with establishing and operating 
Ivybrook Academy schools and businesses at any location outside the Territory; 
2.7.2.2 
use the Marks or other marks in connection with selling or distributing 
any goods (including branded merchandise) or services anywhere in the world (including within 
the Territory), whether or not Franchisee also offers them, through channels of distribution other 
than a brick and mortar, Ivybrook Academy-branded school; provided, however, that Franchisor 
shall not sell Ivybrook Academy courses or curriculum through online methods; 
2.7.2.3 
acquire, establish or operate, without using the Marks, any business of 
any kind at any location anywhere in the world (including within the Territory); and 
2.7.2.4 
use the Marks in connection with soliciting or directing advertising or 
promotional materials to customers anywhere in the world (including within the Territory). 
2.8 
Marketing and Solicitation Restrictions 
2.8.1 Franchisee shall not directly market to or solicit customers whose principal business 
office or property address is located outside of the Territory. Except as part of cooperative 
advertising implemented pursuant to Section 11.4, Franchisee shall not advertise in any media 
whose primary circulation is within the territory of another franchisee.  Under no circumstances 
