EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Franchisor has the right to require a new owner or School Administrator to be designated or 
terminate this Agreement.   
8.5 
New School Administrator. After beginning operations, should Franchisee name a new 
School Administrator, Franchisee must notify Franchisor of the identity of the new School 
Administrator and the new School Administrator must complete the initial training program to 
Franchisor’s satisfaction within 30 days of being named. Franchisor may charge its then-current 
fee for training. Franchisee shall be responsible for all travel costs, room and board and employees’ 
salaries incurred in connection with the new School Administrator’s attendance at such training. 
8.6 
Ongoing Training. From time to time, Franchisor may provide and if it does, has the right 
to require that Franchisee, Franchisee owners, the School Administrator, Chief Executive Officer, 
and other of Franchisee’s personnel attend, ongoing training programs or seminars. Franchisor 
shall not charge a fee for any mandatory ongoing training (other than the conferences described in 
Section 3.7). If Franchisee requests additional training, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor’s then-
current training fee and expenses.  Franchisee shall be responsible for all travel costs, room and 
board and employees’ salaries incurred in connection with its representatives’ attendance at 
required or requested training.   
§9 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual 
9.1 
Loan by Franchisor. While this Agreement is in effect, Franchisor shall lend to Franchisee 
one copy of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or grant Franchisee access to an electronic 
copy of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual. Franchisee shall conduct the Franchised 
Business in strict accordance with the provisions set forth in the Confidential Brand Standards 
Manual. The Confidential Brand Standards Manual may consist of one or more separate manuals 
and other materials as designated by Franchisor and may be in written or electronic form. The 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual shall, at all times, remain the sole property of Franchisor 
and shall promptly be returned to Franchisor upon expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of this 
Agreement. 
9.2 
Revisions. Franchisor has the right to add to or otherwise modify the Confidential Brand 
Standards Manual from time to time to reflect changes in the specifications, standards, operating 
procedures, and rules prescribed by Franchisor. Franchisor may make such additions or 
modifications without prior notice to Franchisee.  Franchisee shall immediately, upon notice, adopt 
any such changes and shall ensure that its copy of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual is up 
to date at all times.  If a dispute as to the contents of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual 
arises, the terms of the master copy of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual maintained by 
Franchisor at Franchisor’s headquarters shall be controlling. 
9.3 
Confidentiality. The Confidential Brand Standards Manual contains Trade Secrets and 
other Confidential Information of Franchisor and its contents shall be kept confidential by 
Franchisee both during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term and subsequent to the expiration 
and nonrenewal or termination of this Agreement. Franchisee shall at all times ensure that its copy 
of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual is available at the Accepted Location in a current and 
up-to-date manner. If the Confidential Brand Standards Manual is in paper form or stored on 
computer-readable media, Franchisee shall maintain the Confidential Brand Standards Manual in 
