 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
(vi) 
We (or our designee) will administer the Brand Fund. (Section 11.3) 
 
(vii) 
We will provide you with access to our Confidential Brand Standards Manual. 
(Section 9) 
 
(viii) We will make available to you from time to time all improvements and additions 
(such as new revenue opportunities, courses and curricula) to the System to the same extent and in 
the same manner as they are made available to Ivybrook Academy franchisees generally. (Section 
10.1) 
 
Optional Support 
 
Although not required by the Franchise Agreement to provide you with the following, we may do 
so:  
 
(i) 
Develop and maintain an Online Presence (defined below) for the brand or for your 
School individually. (Section 6.7) 
 
(ii) 
Make periodic visits to the School to provide you with consultation, assistance and 
guidance in various aspects of the operation and management of the School. (Section 14.2) We 
may send a representative to provide support before your grand opening. 
 
(iii) 
Make available to you such ongoing training as we think necessary and, when we 
do, we may require you to attend.  (Section 8.5 and 8.6) You bear all indirect training costs and 
expenses, such as salary expenses of your employees and all expenses of travel, lodging, meals 
and other living expenses you and your designee incur.  
 
(iv) 
Market, advertise, and promote the Ivybrook Academy brand and organize 
advertising cooperatives. 
 
(v) 
Establish Technology requirements for the School. 
 
(vi) 
In our discretion, develop new product and services offerings. 
 
(vii) 
Our Confidential Brand Standards Manual may include standards or 
recommendations for administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control procedures. 
 
Many of these items of optional support are discussed in more detail below. 
 
Brand Fund. The Brand Development Fund (which was started on July 1, 2018), is a fund in which 
Franchised Businesses will contribute 1% of their Gross Revenues monthly to the Brand 
Development Fund based on the previous month’s Gross Revenues (“Brand Fund”). We may 
increase the amount of the contribution from time to time upon notice to you. 
 
