EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
11.3 
Brand Development Fund. 
11.3.1 Franchisor has established and administers a brand-wide fund to assist in 
Franchisor’s development of the Ivybrook Academy brand, system, and schools (“Brand Fund”).  
Franchisee shall contribute 1% of Gross Revenues monthly to the Brand Development Fund.  
Franchisor may adjust this contribution amount from time to time (“Brand Fund Contribution”).  
Brand Fund Contributions shall be made at the time and in the manner provided for Royalty Fees 
in Section 3.4.  Franchisor retains the right to designate another business entity to collect Brand 
Fund Contributions. Franchisor shall notify Franchisee at least 30 days before changing Brand 
Fund Contribution requirements. Brand Fund shall be maintained and administered by Franchisor 
or its designee as follows:  
11.3.1.1 
Franchisor shall oversee all brand development programs, with sole 
control over creative concepts, materials and media used in such programs, and the placement and 
allocation thereof.  Franchisor does not warrant that any particular franchisee will benefit directly 
or pro rata from expenditures by the Brand Fund. The program(s) may be local, regional or brand-
wide. Franchisor does not warrant the success or effectiveness of any particular marketing 
program. 
11.3.1.2 
Franchisee’s Brand Fund Contributions may be used to meet the costs 
of, or to reimburse Franchisor for its costs of, producing, maintaining, administering and directing 
consumer advertising, marketing, and public relations materials, including, without limitation, the 
cost of preparing and conducting television, radio, Internet, digital, social media, magazine, 
newspaper, influencer marketing, contests, listings, events and promotions, and direct mail 
advertising campaigns and other public relations activities; market research; developing and/or 
hosting an Internet and intranet web page or site and similar activities; developing, evaluating, or 
using technologies that Franchisor believes may benefit the brand, the customers, the franchisees, 
or the brand’s reputation; search engine optimization; pay per click advertising; software, services, 
or companies to help promote the brand; travel expenses in connection with promotions and 
marketing meetings;  hiring marketing, public relations and advertising agencies, or technology 
companies, or in-house personnel to assist in developing the Ivybrook Academy brand name;  
training, development of trademarks and trademarked materials; social media activities; trade 
shows and other events; sponsorships and contests; development of décor, trade dress, Marks, 
and/or branding; engaging advertising agencies to assist therein; and providing promotional 
brochures and other marketing materials to franchisees; compensation of Franchisor’s employees 
working on Brand Fund activities; and for accounting, bookkeeping, reporting, legal and other 
expenses related to the Brand Fund. All Brand Fund Contributions shall not be used to defray any 
of Franchisor’s general operating expenses, except for such reasonable costs and expenses, if any, 
that Franchisor may incur in activities reasonably related to the administration of the Brand Fund, 
including but not limited to personnel cost. 
11.3.1.3 
Franchisor shall endeavor to spend all Brand Fund Contributions on 
brand development efforts and marketing during Franchisor’s fiscal year within which such 
contributions are made.  If excess amounts remain in any Brand Fund at the end of such fiscal year, 
all expenditures in the following fiscal year(s) shall be made first out of such excess amounts, 
