EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
or any third party to which it would not otherwise be subject, by providing any waiver, approval, 
acceptance, advice, consent or services to Franchisee in connection with this Agreement, or by 
reason of any neglect, delay or denial of any request for approval, acceptance, or consent. 
22.6 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and all exhibits to this Agreement constitute the entire 
agreement between the parties and supersede any and all prior negotiations, understandings, 
representations (including, unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties, the representations of any 
franchise sellers), and agreements. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is 
intended to disclaim the representations Franchisor made in the franchise disclosure document that 
Franchisor furnished to Franchisee. This Agreement may not be amended orally but may be 
amended only by a written instrument signed by the parties. 
22.7 
Severability and Modification. 
22.7.1 Except as noted below, each paragraph, part, term and provision of this Agreement 
shall be considered severable.  If any paragraph, part, term or provision herein is ruled to be 
unenforceable, unreasonable or invalid, such ruling shall not impair the operation of or affect the 
remaining portions, paragraphs, parts, terms and provisions of this Agreement, and the latter shall 
continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties; and such unenforceable, 
unreasonable or invalid paragraphs, parts, terms or provisions shall be deemed not part of this 
Agreement.  If Franchisor determines that a finding of invalidity adversely affects the basic 
consideration of this Agreement, Franchisor has the right to, at its option, terminate this 
Agreement. 
22.7.2 Notwithstanding the above, each of the covenants contained in Sections 7 and 17 
shall be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement.  If all or 
any portion of any such covenant is held to be unenforceable, unreasonable or invalid, then it shall 
be amended to provide for limitations on disclosure of Trade Secrets or other Confidential 
Information or on competition to the maximum extent provided or permitted by law. 
22.8 
Construction. All captions herein are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, 
and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. 
22.9 
Force Majeure. Whenever a period of time is provided in this Agreement for either party 
to perform any act, except pay monies, neither party shall be liable nor responsible for any delays 
due to strikes, lockouts, casualties, acts of God, war, terrorism, governmental regulation or control 
or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the parties, and the time period for the 
performance of such act shall be extended for the amount of time of the delay.  This clause shall 
not result in an extension of the Initial Term or Renewal Term. 
22.10 Timing. Time is of the essence.  Except as set forth in Section 22.11, failure to perform 
any act within the time required or permitted by this Agreement shall be a material breach. 
22.11 Withholding Payments. Franchisee and its Affiliates shall not, for any reason, withhold 
payment of any Royalty Fees or other amounts due to Franchisor or to an Affiliate.  Franchisee or 
its Affiliates shall not withhold or offset any amounts, damages or other monies allegedly due to 
Franchisee against any amounts due to Franchisor or its Affiliates.  No endorsement or statement 
