EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
without receiving Franchisee’s unrestricted promise to use the Marks only in the manner 
authorized by Franchisor. 
6.2 
Limitations on Use. Franchisee shall not use any Mark or portion of any Mark as part of 
any business entity name. Franchisee shall not use any Mark in connection with the sale of any 
unauthorized product or service or in any other manner not expressly authorized in writing by 
Franchisor. Franchisee shall give such notices of trademark and service mark registrations as 
Franchisor specifies and obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as may be required 
under applicable law to do business as a Franchised Business.  Franchisee shall not register or seek 
to register as a trademark or service mark, either with the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office or any state or foreign country, any of the Marks or a trademark or service mark that is 
confusingly similar to any Mark licensed to Franchisee.  Franchisee shall include on its letterhead, 
forms, cards and other such identification that Franchisor may require, and shall display at the 
Accepted Location, a prominent notice stating that the Franchised Business is an “Independently 
Owned and Operated Franchise” of Franchisor. Franchisee shall not use any of Franchisor’s 
Marks, in connection with employee facing labor and employment materials. 
6.3 
Notification of Infringements and Claims. Franchisee shall immediately notify 
Franchisor of any infringement of the Marks or challenge to its use of any of the Marks or claim 
by any person of any rights in any of the Marks.  Franchisee shall not communicate with any 
person other than Franchisor and its Affiliates and their counsel in connection with any such 
infringement, challenge or claim; provided, however, Franchisee may communicate with 
Franchisee’s counsel at Franchisee’s expense. Franchisor and/or its Affiliates have the right to take 
such action as it deems appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation or other 
proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise relating to any of the 
Marks. Franchisee shall execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance, 
and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of Franchisor’s or an Affiliates’ counsel, be 
necessary or advisable to protect and maintain Franchisor’s and its Affiliates’ interests in any such 
litigation or other proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain Franchisor’s interest in the 
Marks.   
6.4 
Indemnification for Use of Marks. Franchisor shall reimburse Franchisee for damages 
assessed against Franchisee in any trademark or similar proceeding disputing Franchisee’s 
authorized use of any Mark; provided that Franchisee has complied with the provisions of Section 
6.3, has complied with this Agreement, and has complied with Franchisor’s or its Affiliates’ 
directions in responding to such proceeding. At Franchisor’s option, Franchisor, its Affiliates, or 
its designee may defend and control the defense of any proceeding arising directly from 
Franchisee’s use of any Mark. This indemnification shall not include the expense to Franchisee of 
removing signage or discontinuance of the use of the Marks; does not apply to litigation between 
Franchisor and Franchisee wherein Franchisee’s use of the Marks is disputed or challenged by 
Franchisor; does not apply to any separate legal fees or costs incurred by Franchisee in seeking 
independent counsel separate from the counsel representing Franchisor, Franchisor’s Affiliates, 
and Franchisee in the event of litigation disputing Franchisor and Franchisee’s use of the Marks. 
6.5 
Discontinuance of Use. If Franchisor deems it necessary for Franchisee to modify or 
discontinue use of any of the Marks, and/or use one or more additional or substitute trade names, 
