EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
particular Franchised Business. Franchisor shall not be required to disclose or grant to Franchisee 
a like or similar variance granted to another franchisee. 
§11 
Advertising and Promotional Activities 
11.1 
Grand Opening Advertising. During the period specified by Franchisor, Franchisee shall 
spend an amount specified by Franchisor on local advertisement and promotion of the initial 
opening (“Grand Opening Advertising”).  Franchisor shall determine and specify an appropriate 
minimum amount which Franchisee shall be required to expend on Grand Opening Advertising 
based upon Franchisor’s general assessment of the area surrounding the Franchised Business and 
taking into account other potentially relevant factors, such as prevailing costs of advertising in the 
area, the time of year of opening and other similar factors. Further, Franchisor shall specify the 
time at which Franchisee shall conduct Grand Opening Advertising and any suppliers that 
Franchisee must use.  Prior to their use, all materials to be used in Grand Opening Advertising 
must be approved by Franchisor through the process set forth in Section 11.2.2. Grand Opening 
Advertising expenditures shall be in addition to any Local Advertising expenditures and Brand 
Fund Contributions.  Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay this amount to 
Franchisor or its Affiliate to use on Franchisee’s behalf.   
11.2 
Local Advertising. 
11.2.1 
Franchisee shall continuously promote the Franchised Business.  Every month, 
Franchisee shall spend 1% of its Gross Revenue on advertising, promotions and public relations 
within the immediate locality surrounding the Franchised Business (“Local Advertising”).  Such 
expenditures shall be made directly by Franchisee, subject to the prior approval and direction of 
Franchisor. Franchisor shall provide general guidelines to Franchisee for conducting Local 
Advertising.  Within 30 days after the end of each month, Franchisee shall furnish to Franchisor 
an accurate accounting of the expenditures on Local Advertising for the preceding month.  Any 
amounts Franchisee contributes to a cooperative advertising program pursuant to Section 11.4 will 
be credited towards Local Advertising. Franchisor shall have the right to require Franchisee to 
spend the required minimum local advertising amount with specific suppliers and on specific 
services or products.  Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay this amount to 
Franchisor or its Affiliate to use on Franchisee’s behalf.   
11.2.2 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, for its prior approval, all advertising, 
marketing, and promotional materials to be used by Franchisee including, but not limited to, digital 
advertisements, television ads, radio ads, ad copy, coupons, flyers, scripts and direct mail.  
Franchisor shall use reasonable efforts to provide notice of approval or disapproval within 20 days 
from the date all requested material is received by Franchisor. If Franchisor does not approve 
submitted materials by the end of such 20-day period, such materials shall be deemed to have 
received the required approval. Franchisee shall not use any advertising, marketing, or promotional 
material prior to approval by Franchisor. The submission of advertising, marketing, or promotional  
materials to Franchisor for approval shall not affect Franchisee’s right to determine the prices at 
which Franchisee sells products or provides services. 
