EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
3.8 
Supplier Fees. Franchisor reserves the right to charge Franchisee fees for goods and 
services supplied by Franchisor or its Affiliates. Franchisor has sole discretion to change the 
amount of the fees and to add, delete, or modify the goods and services at any time. Ninety (90) 
days prior to opening, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s then-current fee for the 
package of startup trade dress décor and Franchisor shall cause it to be delivered to Franchisee 
prior to the opening of the Franchised Business. 
3.9 
Late Fees. All Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Contributions, amounts due for purchases by 
Franchisee from Franchisor and its Affiliates, and other amounts that are not received by the due 
date shall incur late fees at the rate of 1.5% per month (or, if lower, the highest rate allowed by the 
law of the state where Franchisee is located), from the date payment is due to the date payment is 
received by Franchisor or its Affiliates. Franchisee shall pay Franchisor for all costs incurred by 
Franchisor or its Affiliates in the collection of any unpaid and past due Royalty Fees, Brand Fund 
Contributions or any other amounts due Franchisor or its Affiliates, including reasonable 
accounting and legal fees. This Section shall not constitute an agreement by Franchisor or its 
Affiliates to accept any payments after the due date or a commitment to extend credit to or 
otherwise finance Franchisee. 
3.10 
Non-Compliance Fee. As Franchisor deems necessary, Franchisor may charge Franchisee 
a fee for any instance of non-compliance with the System or this Agreement (other than failure to 
pay amounts owed to Franchisor). If such non-compliance is ongoing, Franchisor may charge 
Franchisee up to $1,000 per week plus Franchisor’s costs and expenses associated with the non-
compliance until Franchisee ceases such non-compliance. This fee is a reasonable estimate of 
Franchisor’s internal cost of personnel time attributable to addressing the non-compliance and is 
not a penalty or estimate of all damages arising from Franchisee’s breach.  This non-compliance 
fee is in addition to all of Franchisor’s other rights and remedies. 
3.11 
Application of Payments. Notwithstanding any designation by Franchisee, Franchisor and 
its Affiliates shall have the right to apply any payments by Franchisee to any past due indebtedness 
of Franchisee for Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Contributions, purchases from Franchisor or any other 
amount owed to Franchisor or its Affiliates in any proportion or priority. 
3.12 
Method of Payment. Franchisee shall pay the Royalty Fee, Brand Fund Contribution, and 
any other amounts owed to Franchisor or its Affiliates by pre-authorized bank draft or in such 
other manner as Franchisor or its Affiliates may require. Franchisor may adjust the due date of any 
fee or amount. 
§4 
Term and Renewal 
4.1 
Initial Term. This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Effective Date. The 
initial term of this Agreement shall expire on the 15th anniversary of the date that Franchisee opens 
the Franchised Business to the public (“Initial Term”). 
4.2 
Renewal Terms. 
4.2.1 Subject to the conditions below, Franchisee has the right to obtain a successor 
franchise at the expiration of the Initial Term by entering into a new franchise agreement with 
