 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
infringement, opposition, or cancellation proceedings. We know of no pending material federal or 
state court litigation regarding our use or our ownership rights in any of the Marks. 
 
We are not required to protect your right to use the Marks or to protect you or become involved in 
your defense against claims of infringement or unfair competition arising out of your use of the 
Marks. You must immediately notify us when you learn about an infringement of, or challenge to 
your use of, any Mark, or any claim by any person of any rights in any Marks, and you must not 
communicate with any person other than us and our counsel regarding any infringements, 
challenges or claims unless you are legally required to do so, however, you may communicate with 
your own counsel at your own expense.  We are not required to take affirmative action when 
notified of these uses or claims but will take the action we think appropriate.  We have the option 
to control the defense and settlement of any proceeding related to your use of the Marks.  We will 
reimburse you for damages assessed against you in any legal proceeding disputing your authorized 
use of any Mark, but only if you have complied with the requirements of the franchise agreement, 
including notifying us of the proceeding in a timely manner and complying with our directions 
with regard to the proceeding. Our indemnification obligations do not extend to costs you incur in 
seeking independent counsel, participating in litigation between you and us, discontinuing your 
use of the Marks. Under the franchise agreement, we may require you to modify or discontinue 
using a trademark, at your expense. 
 
We know of no infringing or prior superior uses that could materially affect the use of the Marks. 
Prior to entering into the franchise agreement, you should check and be sure that there are no 
existing uses of our marks or names or any marks or names confusingly similar to any of them 
within the market area where you want to do business.  If you find any similar names or marks, 
you must immediately notify us.  Any action to be taken in that event is strictly within our 
discretion. 
 
Your right to use the Marks is derived solely from franchise agreements entered into between you 
and us for the purpose of operating an Ivybrook Academy School.  You must follow our rules and 
regulations with respect to the use of the Marks.  You cannot use any of the Marks or any other 
marks, names, or indicia of origin that are or may be confusingly similar to the Marks as part of a 
corporate name or other legal name. You may not use any Mark in connection with any business 
or activity, other than the business conducted by you according to franchise agreements entered 
into between you and us, or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing by us. All 
usage of the Marks by you and any goodwill established from this usage is to our exclusive benefit. 
After the termination, nonrenewal, or expiration of the franchise agreement, you may not, except 
with respect to businesses operated by you according to franchise agreements granted by us, at any 
time or in any manner identify yourself or any business as a franchisee or former franchisee of, or 
otherwise associated with, us or use in any manner or for any purpose any Mark or other 
distinguishing signs of our School or any colorable imitation of same.  
 
We reserve the right to substitute different trademarks for use in identifying the System and the 
business operating under it if we, in our sole discretion, determine that substitution of different 
marks as Marks will be beneficial to the System.  You must comply with such change, revision, 
or substitution and bear all expenses associated with such changes.  
 
