 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Type of expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
payment 
When due 
To whom 
payment is to be 
made 
Professional Fees 
(See Note 12) 
$25,000 - $35,000 
Check 
As incurred or 
when billed 
Architects, 
construction 
manager, 
attorneys, 
accountants
Additional Funds – 3 
Months (See Note 13) 
$30,000 - $35,000 
Varies 
Varies 
Employees, 
landlord, 
franchisor, other
Total  
$540,700 
 
$869,860 
 
Note 1. Each payment to us is non-refundable. Third parties may have their own refund policies, 
but generally the payments will be non-refundable. We do not finance any part of the initial 
investment.  
 
Note 2. You must lease or provide a suitable facility for the operation of the franchised School. 
These estimates that you will receive a tenant improvement allowance of $40 per square foot to 
retrofit a space of 6,000 square feet, which allowance can vary by location and landlord. You may 
choose a larger facility, but it will increase your operating costs. Your cost to lease space is difficult 
to quantify because there are many variables that may impact your overall costs including landlord 
contribution, the size of your location, rates for construction, personnel, freight, supplier pricing 
and taxes, overall costs and efficiencies in your market. Not every landlord will grant a tenant 
improvement allowance. Your landlord, developer, or builder may refund your security deposit or 
other fees paid, but most will not refund rental payments or other payments made.  You should ask 
your leasing broker or landlord about their refund policy before you sign a lease agreement.  These 
estimates do not include the cost of any sitework, costs of plan, government approvals, consents, 
and other entitlement costs. These estimates assume that you are improving upon a space that 
already has HVAC, plumbing, and electric wiring completed. These estimates do not reflect the 
cost to build or purchase a space, which could be significantly higher. We do not require you to 
build or purchase a space. These estimates are informed by reports from our franchisees and our 
general understanding of the construction industry.  
 
Note 3. The equipment, furniture, and fixtures you will be required to purchase include classroom 
furniture from our designated supplier. The décor package will be purchased from us. The amount 
of classroom furniture you need will vary based upon the size of your School. Our estimated costs 
do not include transportation or set up charges. 
 
Note 4. You will be required to purchase outdoor playground equipment from our approved 
supplier. Your costs will depend on the size and type of equipment. 
 
Note 5.  Your costs for signage will vary depending on the size of your façade.  Our estimates 
include wall signage for the exterior of the building, interior signage such as logo graphics for 
windows, and interior brand identification such as wall graphics. 
 
