 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
information on an Online Presence that relating to us, the System, the Marks, or the School that 
(a) does not comply with our brand, social media, or Online Presence guidelines described in the 
Manuals, (b) is derogatory, disparaging, or critical of us, the System, or the Marks, (c) is offensive, 
inflammatory or indecent, or (d) harms the goodwill and/or public image of the System and/or the 
Marks. (Section 6.7) 
 
Item 12: Territory. 
 
The School must be operated at a location we accept. We allow the reasonable relocation of the 
School to a location that meets our then-current criteria. You must obtain our approval to relocate.  
 
If we have not already accepted a location for the School, you shall select and submit possible sites 
within a search area we designate (“Designated Area”) for our acceptance. The Designated Area 
will terminate once a site is selected and the Territory is designated, as described below. The 
Designated Area does not grant you any territorial exclusivity or protection and is for site selection 
only.  
 
Your franchise agreement will specify a territory (“Territory”), which will be determined by us.  
Your Territory will be comprised of the lesser of a population of 125,000 people or a three- mile 
radius around your location. We reserve the right to grant you a Territory with a smaller or greater 
population, as mutually agreed upon by you and us. Your Territory may be designated by a radius 
around your location or by other geographic boundaries such as towns, cities, counties or other 
political boundaries, streets, geographical features, or trade areas.   
 
You do not have the right to establish additional franchised outlets unless you sign a Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement (“MUDA”) in the form attached as Exhibit C to this disclosure 
document.  If you and we sign a MUDA, then you will have the right establish a mutually agreed 
upon number of additional outlets.  Under the MUDA, your right to develop additional outlets is 
subject to the following requirements: (a) you must comply with the mutually agreed upon 
development schedule, (b) you must have sufficient financial and organizational capacity to 
develop, open, operate, and manage each additional Ivybrook Academy business, (c) you must be 
in compliance with all brand requirements at your open Ivybrook Academy business(es), and (d) 
you must not be in default under any agreement with us.  We will accept the location of future 
sites and territories for those sites, and our then-current standards for sites and territories will apply. 
Other than by signing a MUDA, you do not receive any options, rights of first refusal, or similar 
rights to acquire additional franchises. The MUDA does not grant you any additional territory 
protections. 
 
You will receive an exclusive Territory. Your Territory is protected only to the extent that we will 
not establish or operate, or license any other person to establish or operate, an Ivybrook Academy 
School under the System and the Marks at any location within your Territory. There are no other 
restrictions on our ability to solicit customers in your Territory. So long as you are not in default 
of the franchise agreement, we cannot modify your territorial rights during the term of the franchise 
agreement, but we can modify your Territory upon renewal. Your rights to the Territory granted 
under the franchise agreement are not contingent upon achieving a certain sales volume, market 
penetration, nor any other contingency. 
