 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
We have the sole discretion to determine where the Brand Fund contributions will be spent to 
promote, enhance, or further the growth of the Ivybrook Academy brand, schools, and system, 
including, but not limited to: producing, maintaining, administering and directing consumer 
advertising, marketing, and public relations materials such as preparing and conducting television, 
radio, Internet, digital, social media, magazine, newspaper, influencer marketing, contests, listings, 
events and promotions, and direct mail advertising campaigns and other public relations activities; 
market research; developing and/or hosting an Internet and intranet web page or site and similar 
activities; developing, evaluating, or using technologies that we believe may benefit the brand, the 
customers, the franchisees, or the brand’s reputation; search engine optimization; pay per click 
advertising; software, services, or companies to help promote the brand; travel expenses in 
connection with promotions and marketing meetings; hiring marketing, public relations and 
advertising agencies, technology companies, or in-house personnel to assist in developing the 
Ivybrook Academy brand name;  training, development of trademarks and trademarked materials; 
social media activities; trade shows and other events; sponsorships and contests; development of 
décor, trade dress, Marks, and/or branding; engaging advertising agencies to assist therein; and 
providing promotional brochures and other marketing materials to franchisees; compensation of 
our employees working on Brand Fund activities; and for accounting, bookkeeping, reporting, 
legal and other expenses related to the Brand Fund. You will be responsible for implementing any 
promotional or public relations programs or placing any advertising content we create, at your own 
expense.  (Section 11.3) 
 
Currently, the Brand Fund contributions are payable to us. We reserve the right to establish in the 
future a nonprofit corporation or other business entity to collect Brand Fund contributions from 
our franchisees.  The Brand Fund is administered by our personnel under our direction.  We are 
not required to provide you with a detailed accounting of or financial statements showing the  
expenditures of the Brand Fund.  We will not use your Brand Fund contributions to defray any of 
our operating expenses, except for any reasonable administrative costs and overhead, including 
personnel costs, that we may incur in administering or directing the Brand Fund.  Brand Fund 
monies not spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue are carried forward to cover marketing 
expenses in future years.  Although the Brand Fund is intended to be perpetual, we may terminate 
it at any time.  We will not terminate the Brand Fund, however, until all money in the Brand Fund 
has been spent for marketing or promotional purposes or returned to the contributors of the Brand 
Fund on the basis of their respective contributions. We may have the Brand Fund borrow from us 
or other lenders and will repay such loans.  We may have the Brand Fund invest any surplus for 
the Brand Fund’s future use. The Brand Fund is not audited, although we can require that it be 
audited. Our own outlets are not required to contribute to the fund on the same basis as franchisees. 
Other franchisees may contribute to the Brand Fund at a different rate than you. We will administer 
the fund.   (Section 11.3) 
 
Except for a portion of the Brand Fund that may be spent on website development and maintenance 
(a portion of which may include soliciting the sale of franchisees using the website or other Online 
Presence), the Brand Fund will not be used to solicit the sale of franchises.   
 
The following chart shows the use of the Brand Fund in the prior year. 
 
Use of the Brand Fund in the Most Recent Fiscal Year (2024) 
