EXHIBIT B TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
VIRGINIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, MULTI-UNIT 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, AND DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Risk Factor: 
 
Estimated Initial Investment. The franchisee will be required to make an estimated 
initial investment ranging from $540,700 to $869,860. This amount exceeds the 
franchisor’s stockholder’s equity as of December 31, 2024, which is $345,862. 
 
The following statements are added to Item 17(h): 
 
Under Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for 
default or termination stated in the Franchise Agreement do not constitute 
“reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising 
Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
Under Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to use undue influence to induce a franchisee to surrender any right given 
to him under the franchise.  If any provision of the Franchise Agreement involves 
the use of undue influence by the franchisor to induce a franchisee to surrender any 
rights given to the franchisee under the franchise, that provision may not be 
enforceable. 
 
Item 17(t) is amended to read as follows: 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and other related written agreements 
are binding (subject to applicable state law).  Any representations or promises 
outside of the Disclosure Document and Franchise Agreement may not be 
enforceable.   
The following statement is added to the Disclosure Document, Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement, and Franchise Agreement: 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in 
the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Each provision of this Virginia addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with 
respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Virginia law are met 
independently without reference to this addendum. Each provision of this Virginia 
addendum shall be enforceable only to the extent required by applicable Virginia franchise 
law. 
 
