EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
and services.  Franchisee shall have the sole right to determine the prices to be charged by the 
Franchised Business; provided, however, that Franchisor shall have the sole right to determine the 
prices to be charged for products sold through an Ivybrook Academy Online Presence, including 
products sold to persons identified as customers of the Franchised Business. Franchisor will offer 
Franchisee advice and guidance for pricing. 
14.2 
Periodic Visits. Franchisor or Franchisor’s representatives may make periodic visits, 
which may be announced or unannounced, to the Franchised Business for the purposes of 
consultation, assistance and guidance with respect to various aspects of the operation and 
management of the Franchised Business.  Franchisor and Franchisor’s representatives who visit 
the Franchised Business may prepare, for the benefit of both Franchisor and Franchisee, written 
reports detailing any problems or concerns discovered during any such visit and outlining any 
required or suggested changes or improvements in the operations of the Franchised Business. A 
copy of any such written report may be provided to Franchisee.  Franchisee shall implement any 
required changes or improvements as required by Franchisor with time being of the essence. 
§15 
Insurance 
15.1 
Types and Amounts of Coverage. 
15.1.1  
At its sole expense, Franchisee shall procure 60 days prior to Franchised 
Business opening date, and maintain in full force and effect during the Initial Term and any 
Renewal Term, the types of insurance listed below. All policies (except any workers’ 
compensation insurance) shall expressly name Franchisor as an additional insured or loss payee, 
shall contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against Franchisor, its affiliates, officers, directors, 
shareholders, members, managers, employees, and its successors and assigns, shall expressly 
protect both Franchisor and Franchisee on a primary and non-contributory basis, and shall require 
the insurer to defend both Franchisee and Franchisor (and any other additional insured) in any 
action while reserving Franchisor’s right to involve counsel of Franchisor’s own choosing in 
protection of its own and system wide interests. Franchisee understands that doing so does not 
necessarily furnish Franchisee with protection levels adequate to Franchisee’s needs and that 
Franchisee’s obligation to indemnify Franchisor as set forth above in this Agreement may exceed 
the amount of insurance Franchisee is required to obtain or does obtain. Franchisee’s obligation to 
indemnify Franchisor is separate from its obligations to obtain insurance.  In addition to any other 
insurance that may be required by applicable law, or by lender or lessor, Franchisee shall procure: 
15.1.1.1 
“all risk” property insurance coverage on all assets including inventory, 
furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the operation of the Franchised 
Business.  Franchisee’s property insurance policy shall include coverage for fire, vandalism and 
malicious mischief and must have coverage limits of at least full replacement cost; 
15.1.1.2 
workers’ compensation insurance that complies with the statutory 
requirements of the state in which the Franchised Business is located and employer liability 
coverage with a minimum limit of $100,000 or, if higher, the statutory minimum limit as required 
by state law; 
