 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
Except as otherwise stated above, the location of each position described above is our headquarters 
in Charlotte, NC. 
 
Item 3: Litigation. 
 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
Item 4: Bankruptcy. 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.   
 
Item 5: Initial Fees. 
 
Franchise Fee. When you sign your franchise agreement, you must pay us $50,000 as the initial 
franchise fee in a lump sum. We do not refund the initial franchise fee under any circumstances. 
 
If you fail to complete the initial training program to our satisfaction, or we conclude, no more 
than 10 days after you complete the initial training program, that you do not have the ability to 
satisfactorily operate your franchise, then we have the right to terminate your franchise agreement. 
If we do so, the franchise fee is not refundable. 
 
If you are purchasing an existing Ivybrook Academy School from a current franchisee, you will 
not pay the initial franchise fee, but you will pay us a $10,000 transfer training fee. This transfer 
training fee is due when you sign your franchise agreement and is not refundable. 
 
Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee. When you sign your franchise agreement you are 
required to pay us a $10,000 real estate and facility coordination fee. We will assist you by (a) 
identifying a real estate broker, (b) reviewing potential locations that meet our general standards 
for size, layout, and other physical characteristics, (c) at our expense, send a representative to make 
a single visit to review potential sites, (d) reviewing your letter of intent, and (e) advising regarding 
School layout and configuration. Your participation in and attendance with all phases of the real 
estate process is required. This fee is not refundable.   
 
Training & Opening Support Fee. We charge a training and opening support fee of $15,000. This 
fee is due upon signing a property lease or contract to purchase real estate for your Ivybrook 
Academy franchise location. We will provide an initial training program that involves both online 
courses, training at our Charlotte, NC headquarters, and set up at your school location. This fee 
will cover our staff expenses for round trip transportation to and from the training site, meals and 
lodging. You must pay for you and/or your representatives’ expenses during training, including 
but not limited to round-trip transportation, meals, and lodging. This fee is not refundable. 
 
Décor Package. Upon notice from us and approximately 90 days before opening, you must pay us 
the then-current costs for a package of proprietary décor for your School. The current cost is 
$7,500. If you do not open your School this year, the fee is subject to increase based upon changes 
in supplier pricing for the décor package at the time you open. This fee is not refundable. 
 
