EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
statement of monthly Gross Revenue on the 5th calendar day of each month for the previous month 
in a form that Franchisor approves or provides in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual. 
12.3 
Financial Statements and other Reports. Franchisee shall supply to Franchisor on or 
before the 5th calendar day of each month, in a form approved by Franchisor, a profit and loss 
statement for the previous calendar month.  Franchisee shall, at its expense, submit to Franchisor 
within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, a profit and loss statement for the calendar year 
just ended and a balance sheet as of the last day of the calendar year. Such financial statements 
shall be prepared in accordance with a cash basis. As required by Franchisor, such financial 
statements shall be reviewed or audited by a certified public accountant.  Franchisee shall submit 
to Franchisor such other reports and information in the manner and at the time specified in the 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual or otherwise in writing.  
12.4 
Financial Performance. Within 30 days of request by Franchisor, Franchisee shall provide 
any information, data, or reports that Franchisor requests in order to prepare a financial 
performance representation for Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. 
12.5 
Initial Investment Report.  Within 120 days after opening for business, Franchisee shall 
submit to Franchisor a report detailing Franchisee’s investment costs to develop and open the 
Business, with costs allocated to the categories described in Item 7 of Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document and with such other information as Franchisor may request. 
12.6 
Other Reports. Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor copies of all state sales tax returns 
that are required to be filed with the appropriate governmental agency and such other records as 
Franchisor may reasonably request from time to time or as specified in the Confidential Brand 
Standards Manual.  Franchisor shall have the right to release financial and operational information 
relating to the Franchised Business to Franchisor’s lenders or prospective lenders.  Franchisee shall 
certify as true and correct all reports to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement. Franchisor has 
the right to require Franchisee to grant Franchisor unlimited, remote, 24/7 access to Franchisee’s 
books, records, and accounts that are provided through the Technology. 
12.7 
Right to Audit. Franchisor or its designee has the right, during normal business hours, to 
examine, copy and audit the books, records, and tax returns of Franchisee.  If the audit or any other 
inspection should reveal that any payments to Franchisor have been underpaid, then Franchisee 
shall immediately pay to Franchisor the amount of the underpayment plus interest from the date 
such amount was due until paid at the rate of 1.5% per annum (or the highest rate allowed by the 
law of the state where Franchisee is located, whichever is lower).  Franchisee shall, in addition, 
reimburse Franchisor for any and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection (including, 
without limitation, travel expenses and reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees) if (i) the audit 
discloses an underpayment of 3% or more of the amount due for any period covered by the audit, 
or (ii) Franchisor conducted the audit because Franchisee failed to submit required reports or was 
otherwise not in compliance with the System. The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any 
other remedies Franchisor may have. 
12.8 
Release of Records. At Franchisor’s request, Franchisee shall authorize and direct any 
third parties, including accounting and legal professionals, to release to Franchisor all accounting 
and financial records arising from or relating to the operation of the Franchised Business including, 
