EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
and reports as may be designated from time to time by the cooperative. The cooperative shall 
submit to Franchisor such statements and reports as Franchisor may designate from time to time. 
The cooperative shall operate from written documents that are available for review by Franchisee. 
These written governing documents are subject to Franchisor’s approval. Cooperative shall 
prepare annual financial statements and shall make them available for Franchisee’s review upon 
reasonable request. Each member of the cooperative shall make contributions to the cooperative 
on the same basis as the other members, whether owned by Franchisee, another franchisee, 
Franchisor, or Franchisor’s affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, Franchisor, 
in its sole discretion, may grant to any Ivybrook Academy business an exemption from the 
requirement of membership in a cooperative.  Such an exemption may be for any length of time 
and may apply to one (1) or more businesses owned by the exempted party. The cooperative is not 
a trust fund.  Franchisor and its affiliates shall have no fiduciary duty to Franchisee in connection 
with the collection or use of the cooperative monies or any aspect of the operation of any 
cooperative. Cooperative marketing and advertising materials are subject to approval by 
Franchisor before implementation. 
11.5 
Online Presence and Marketing. With any Online Presence that constitutes advertising, 
marketing, or promotion, Franchisee shall comply with the terms of Section 6.7.  
11.6   Programs and Promotions. Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to participate 
in future loyalty programs, and national, regional, and local giveaways and promotions at 
Franchisee’s expense. Franchisee may be required to provide free or discounted products or 
services as a result of such loyalty programs, giveaways, or promotions. Franchisor is not required 
to reimburse Franchisee for Franchisee’s costs and expenses incurred as a result of these loyalty 
programs, giveaways, or promotions. Franchisee may be required to participate in loyalty 
programs, giveaways, or promotions, as Franchisor modifies them from time to time. This may 
mean that Franchisee is obligated to provide services to customers in accordance with the terms of 
the program and may be required to provide reimbursement to other Ivybrook Academy 
businesses. Franchisee must not issue or offer any loyalty or similar program without or prior 
approval. Franchisee must sell, issue, redeem, and honor loyalty program incentives and 
promotions Franchisor requires in accordance with Franchisor’s procedures and policies.  
 
§12 
Accounting, Records and Reporting Obligations 
12.1 
Records. During the Initial Term and any Renewal Term Franchisee shall maintain full, 
complete, and accurate books, records, and accounts in accordance with the standard accounting 
system prescribed by Franchisor in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or otherwise in 
writing.  Franchisee shall retain during the Initial Term, and for three years thereafter, all books 
and records related to the Franchised Business including, without limitation, purchase orders, 
invoices, payroll records, sales tax records, state and federal tax returns, bank statements, cancelled 
checks, deposit receipts, cash receipts and disbursement journals, general ledgers, and any other 
financial records designated by Franchisor or required by law.  
12.2 
Gross Revenue Reports. Franchisee shall maintain an accurate record of monthly Gross 
Revenue and shall deliver to Franchisor via email, or the intranet, or other designated method, a 
