 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
and any of these individuals’ spouses are bound by the confidentiality provisions in the franchise 
agreement.  
 
Item 15: Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
At least one franchise owner is obligated to directly and personally participate in the operation of 
the School.  You must designate one of your owners to be the Chief Executive Officer who is the 
executive primarily responsible for your business and has decision-making authority on behalf of 
the business. The Chief Executive Officer must complete any post-opening training programs that 
we develop in the future. The Chief Executive Officer must have at least 10% ownership interest 
in the franchisee. The Chief Executive Officer is required to be at the premises and personally 
participating in operations for at least 20 hours per week during the first year of operations, 
excluding vacation, sick leave, and similar absences.   
 
You must also appoint a School Administrator to provide personal on-premises supervision of the 
School. The School Administrator and the Chief Executive Officer may be the same person.  If 
you are an individual, we may require that you serve as the School Administrator.  The School 
Administrator must successfully complete our training program. If you are an entity, we do not 
require that your School Administrator have any ownership interest in the School. The School 
Administrator is required to provide on-premises operational supervision at least 40 hours per 
week, excluding vacation, sick leave, and similar absences.  The state where you operate may have 
requirements for the School Administrator, such as passing a background check, certifications, or 
licensure. You must comply with these requirements. 
 
Your appointed Chief Executive Officer and School Administrator(s) will be required to sign 
nondisclosure, non-solicit, and noncompetition agreements in a form the same as or similar to the 
forms of agreements attached to the franchise agreement as Exhibit H.   
 
The people you retain to work in your Franchised Business will be your agents and employees.  
They are not our agents or employees and we are not a joint employer of such persons.  You will 
be solely responsible for recruiting and hiring the persons you employ to operate the Franchised 
Business and must determine whom to hire, how many people to hire, retain, and train, and how 
you will compensate such persons.  You are responsible for your employees’ and agents’ training, 
wages, taxes, benefits, safety, schedules, work condition, assignments, discipline, and termination.  
You must comply with all applicable employment laws. We will not operate your Franchised 
Business, direct your employees, or oversee your employment policies or practices. 
 
Item 16: Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell.   
 
You are only permitted to offer the services and products authorized by us and you must 
discontinue offering any services or products that we may disapprove. You are obligated to sell all 
of the products or services authorized by us. We may periodically change required or authorized 
services or products. There are no limits on our right to do so. We reserve the right to establish 
prices of Ivybrook Academy products and services. 
 
