EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
accept or reject a proposed site based on such factors as it deems appropriate, including, without 
limitation, the condition of the premises, demographics of the surrounding area, proximity to other 
Ivybrook Academy businesses, proximity to Competitive Businesses, or the size of the location 
and lease requirements.  Franchisee shall not locate the Franchised Business on a site without the 
prior written acceptance of Franchisor. Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisor’s acceptance of a site does not constitute an assurance, representation or warranty of 
any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of the site for the Franchised Business or for any 
other purpose.  Franchisor’s acceptance of a site indicates only that Franchisor believes the site 
complies with acceptable minimum criteria established by Franchisor solely for its purposes as of 
the time of the evaluation.  Both Franchisee and Franchisor acknowledge that application of criteria 
that may have been effective with respect to other sites and premises may not be predictive of 
potential for all sites and that, subsequent to Franchisor’s acceptance of a site, demographic and/or 
economic factors, such as competition from other similar businesses, included in or excluded from 
Franchisor’s criteria could change, thereby altering the potential of a site or lease.  Such factors 
are unpredictable and are beyond Franchisor’s control.  Franchisor shall not be responsible for the 
failure of a site accepted by Franchisee to meet Franchisee’s expectations as to revenue or 
operational criteria.  Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that its acceptance of a franchise 
for the operation of the Franchised Business at the site is based on its own independent 
investigation of the suitability of the site. 
5.2 
Lease of Accepted Location 
5.2.1 If Franchisee is to execute a lease for, or a binding agreement to purchase, the 
Accepted Location, Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s acceptance of the terms.  Franchisor shall 
not unreasonably withhold its acceptance.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee 
shall solely rely on Franchisee’s review of any such lease or purchase agreement. Franchisor 
recommends that Franchisee engage an attorney to review the lease. Franchisor is not 
responsible for or liable for the recommendations and advice of the attorney.  Franchisor shall 
be entitled to require that nothing therein contained is contradictory to, or likely to interfere with, 
Franchisor’s rights or Franchisee’s duties under this Agreement.  Franchisee shall take all actions 
necessary to maintain the lease, if any, of the Accepted Location while this Agreement is in effect. 
Any default for which the lease may be terminated shall also be deemed a default hereunder and 
the time to cure the same shall expire when the lease is terminated. Franchisor has the right to 
require that the lease for the Accepted Location be collaterally assigned by Franchisee to 
Franchisor, pursuant to the terms of its standard collateral assignment of lease form, to secure 
performance by Franchisee of its obligation under this Agreement. Franchisor’s acceptance of a 
lease shall be conditioned upon inclusion of terms in the lease acceptable to Franchisor and, at 
Franchisor’s option, the lease shall contain such provisions as Franchisor may reasonably require, 
including but not limited to:  
5.2.1.1 a provision reserving to Franchisor the right, but not the obligation, at 
Franchisor’s election, to receive an assignment of the leasehold interest without payment of any 
assignment fee or similar charge and without a requirement for the payment of an additional 
security deposit or any increase in rent or other fees upon termination, nonrenewal, or expiration 
of the Franchise.  The lessor agrees that, before the effective date of any assignment of the lease 
to Franchisor (or its designee), Franchisee shall be solely responsible for all obligations, debts and 
