 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
If you or your owners, officers, School Administrator, Chief Executive Officer, managers, or 
employees conceive, invent, create, design and/or develop any ideas, curriculum, techniques, 
software, methods, processes or procedures, formulas, products, or other concepts and features 
relating to business operations, business practices or the manufacturing, production, marketing or 
sale of educational classes and related merchandise in connection with the School (“Innovations”), 
you (or they) will be deemed to have assigned all of your (or other) rights, title and interests in the 
Innovations, including any intellectual property rights, to us. You and your officers, School 
Administrator, administrators, and employees also must cooperate with us in connection with 
protecting the Innovations.   
 
You will not have the exclusive right to use the Innovations or any of our patents or patent 
applications, copyrights, or confidential information, nor will you acquire, by use or otherwise, 
any right, title or interest in or to them, other than as expressly contained in, and limited by, the 
franchise agreement.  Your right to use the Innovations, the claimed subject matter of any patents 
or patent applications, the copyrights and the confidential information is limited and temporary.  
Upon expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of the franchise agreement, you may not, directly or 
indirectly, use the Innovations, the claimed subject matter of any patents or patent applications, 
the copyrights or the confidential information in any manner or for any purpose whatsoever.   
 
You must immediately notify us of any conduct that could constitute infringement of or challenge 
to the Innovations, the patents or patent applications, the copyrights and the confidential 
information.  We will decide, in our sole discretion, whether to institute any action in connection 
with infringement of or challenge to the Innovations, the patents or patent applications, the 
copyrights and the confidential information, and will control any proceedings and litigation.  We 
are not required to protect your right to use the Innovations, the patents or patent applications, the 
copyrights or the confidential information.  We are not obligated to indemnify or defend your use 
of any patent, patent application, copyright, or confidential information. 
 
We may, in our sole discretion, modify or discontinue use of the Innovations, the claimed subject 
matter of any patents or patent applications, the copyrights and the confidential information and/or 
use other information and/or rights in their place.  If we decide to do so, you must do so also, at 
your expense.  
 
During the term of the franchise agreement, you must maintain, to the extent collected, a current 
list of the names, home addresses, enrollment history, e-mail addresses and telephone numbers of 
the customers who supply you this information (“Customer List”). You must provide the Customer 
List to us upon request. The Customer List will be our property at all times, and you must not 
disclose the Customer List to any person or entity other than us, or sell the Customer List (or any 
portion of it) to any person or entity without our express written consent. 
 
You and each owner, officer, manager, and School Administrator will be bound by certain 
provisions protecting our proprietary rights. All persons to whom you grant access to the 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual or any other confidential information and any person who 
attends any training program we conduct must sign our form of confidentiality agreement. If you 
are a partnership, limited liability company or corporation, all of your owners, officers, or directors 
