 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
ACADEMY franchise location operated by Tenant.  Landlord agrees to cooperate fully with 
Franchisor in enforcing such provisions of the Franchise Agreement against Tenant, including 
allowing Franchisor, its employees and agents to enter and remove signs, decor and materials 
bearing or displaying any marks, designs or logos of Franchisor; provided, however, that Landlord 
shall not be required to bear any expense thereof.  Tenant agrees that if Tenant fails to de-identify 
the Premises promptly upon termination, nonrenewal, or expiration as required under the Franchise 
Agreement, Franchisor may cause all required de-identification to be completed at Tenant’s sole 
cost and expense. Landlord hereby agrees that Franchisor, its employees, and agents have the right 
to enter into and temporarily occupy the Premises for all purposes permitted under the Franchise 
Agreement or to otherwise enforce the Franchise Agreement. 
7. 
Assignment of Interest.  This Rider is binding and shall inure to the benefit of 
Landlord, Tenant, Franchisor, any parent, subsidiary, or affiliated company of Franchisor, and 
another IVYBROOK ACADEMY franchisee, their assigns, and successors-in-interest. Franchisor, 
any parent, subsidiary, or affiliated company of Franchisor, and another IVYBROOK ACADEMY 
franchisee are an intended beneficiaries of this Rider, provided such party shall have no liability 
for any of Tenant’s obligations under the Form Lease. Franchisor signs below for the limited 
purpose of acknowledging and agreeing to the provisions of this Rider. 
8. 
Non-disturbance from Mortgage Lenders.  It is a condition of the Form Lease 
being subordinated to any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or similar encumbrance on 
the Premises that the holder of such encumbrance agrees not to disturb Tenant’s rights under the 
Form Lease or Tenant’s possession of the Premises, so long as Tenant is not in default of its 
obligations under the Form Lease beyond any applicable grace or cure period provided therein.  If 
a mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt currently encumbers the Premises, it is a condition 
precedent to Tenant’s obligations under the Form Lease that the holder of such encumbrance enter 
into a written recordable form of subordination and non-disturbance agreement with Tenant, in a 
form reasonably acceptable to Tenant, as described above. 
9. 
Security Interest.  Any security interest and/or landlord’s lien of Landlord in 
Tenant’s trade fixtures, trade dress, signage, equipment and other personal property is hereby 
subordinated to any security interest and pledge granted to Franchisor in such items. 
 
LANDLORD: 
 
TENANT: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:  
 
Its: 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
