EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
including any interest or other earnings of the Brand Fund, and next out of prior year contributions 
and then out of current contributions. 
11.3.1.4 
Although Franchisor intends the Brand Fund to be of perpetual duration, 
Franchisor has the right to terminate the Brand Fund at any time.  The Brand Fund shall not be 
terminated, however, until all Brand Fund Contributions have been expended for advertising and 
promotional purposes or returned to Franchisee and other franchisees on a pro rata basis based on 
total Brand Fund Contributions made in the aggregate by each franchisee. 
11.3.1.5 
Businesses operated by Franchisor or an Affiliate shall not be obligated 
to make Brand Fund Contributions. 
11.3.1.6 
Unless otherwise required by law, Franchisor is not obligated to provide 
an accounting to Franchisee. Franchisor retains the right to have the Brand Fund reviewed or 
audited and reported on, at the expense of the Brand Fund, by an independent certified public 
accountant selected by Franchisor. 
11.3.1.7 
Franchisee acknowledges that the Brand Fund is not a trust and 
Franchisor assumes no fiduciary duty in administering the Brand Fund. 
11.3.1.8 
Franchisor may require Franchisee to include a statement on advertising 
and marketing materials regarding the availability of franchises for sale.  Franchisor may use the 
Brand Fund for such materials.  
11.3.1.9 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, may spend in any fiscal year 
an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions to the Brand Fund in that year. The 
Brand Fund may borrow from Franchisor or other lenders and repay these loans. Franchisor may 
cause the Brand Fund to invest any surplus.   
11.4 
Cooperative Advertising. Franchisor has the right, but not the obligation, to create a 
cooperative advertising program for the benefit of Franchised Businesses located within a 
particular region.  Franchisor has the right to collect and designate all or a portion of the Local 
Advertising to payments or contributions to Franchisor for the funding of a cooperative advertising 
program. Franchisor has the right to determine the composition of all geographic territories and 
market areas for the implementation of each cooperative advertising program and to require that 
Franchisee participate in such cooperative advertising programs when established within 
Franchisee’s region.  If a cooperative advertising program is implemented in a particular region, 
Franchisor has the right to administer the cooperative advertising program or to establish an 
advertising council of franchisees to self-administer the cooperative advertising program.  
Franchisee shall participate in the council according to the rules and procedures established by the 
council and Franchisee shall abide by the council’s decisions. Should Franchisor establish a 
cooperative advertising program or programs with or without an advertising council, Franchisor 
has the right, but not the obligation, to change, dissolve or merge such program(s) and/or council(s) 
at any time. The fees due to the cooperative advertising program will be determined by a majority 
vote of the members of the council or by Franchisor. Each Ivybrook Academy business in the 
advertising council shall have one vote in an advertising council. The maximum fee that can be 
imposed by a cooperative is 2% of Gross Revenues. Franchisee shall also submit such statements 
