EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
specifically approved by the Franchisor, which approval Franchisor is not obligated to provide.  
Franchisor shall have the right to modify the provisions of this Section 6.7 relating to any Online 
Presence as Franchisor shall solely determine is necessary or appropriate. Franchisor alone has the 
right, but not the obligation, to establish, maintain, modify or discontinue all internet and electronic 
commerce activities pertaining to the System, including through any Online Presence.  Franchisor 
shall not be liable for downtime that may occur to any such Online Presence or email address, 
whether such downtime is caused by Franchisor or a third-party.  Franchisor shall have the right, 
but not the obligation, to designate one or more webpage(s) or other form of Online Presence to 
describe Franchisee and/or the Franchised Businesses, with such webpage(s) or Online Presence 
to be located within Franchisor’s website or another Online Presence.  Franchisee shall comply 
with Franchisor’s standards, specifications, policies with respect to the creation, maintenance, and 
content of any such web page(s) and any other Online Presence and email addresses; and 
Franchisor shall have the right to refuse to post and/or discontinue posing any content and/or the 
operation of any webpage or Online Presence.   
6.7.3 Franchisee will not post, and will take such steps as necessary to ensure that its 
employees and contractors do not post, any information to an Online Presence relating to the 
Franchisor, the System, the Marks, or the Franchised Business that (a) does not comply with the 
Franchisor’s then-current brand, social media, or Online Presence guidelines, (b) is derogatory, 
disparaging, or critical of Franchisor, the System or the Marks, (c) is offensive, inflammatory or 
indecent, or (d) harms the goodwill and/or public image of the System and/or the Marks.  
Franchisee shall not establish or permit or aid anyone else to establish any links to any Online 
Presence which Franchisor may create.  Franchisee specifically acknowledges and agrees that any 
Online Presence will be deemed “advertising” under this Agreement, and will be subject to (among 
other things) Franchisor’s approval under this Agreement.  Upon request, Franchisee must provide 
Franchisor with any login credentials for any Online Presence or email address Franchisee is 
authorized to create, use, or maintain. Franchisor has the right to access any Online Presence to 
take corrective action if any content or post on the Online Presence is in violation of Franchisor’s 
standards, specifications, or policies. 
6.7.4 Franchisor alone will be, and at all times remain, the sole owner of the copyrights 
to all material which appears on any Online Presence, including any and all material Franchisee 
may furnish to Franchisor for use on an Online Presence. Ownership of all URLs and other 
identifiers with any such Online Presence shall vest exclusively in Franchisor. Any Online 
Presence or email address that Franchisee is approved to create or use shall be owned by Franchisor 
and Franchisee shall sign all agreements and documents Franchisor deems necessary to evidence 
this.  Franchisor has the right to require that any Online Presence or email address. If for any reason 
Franchisee gains any interest in an Online Presence for the Franchised Business, Franchisee can 
require Franchisee to assign it to Franchisor upon 30 days notice.  
§7 
Trade Secrets and Other Confidential Information 
7.1 
Confidentiality of Trade Secrets and Other Confidential Information.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that Franchisor shall disclose Trade Secrets and other Confidential Information to 
Franchisee during the training program, through the Confidential Brand Standards Manual, and as 
a result of guidance furnished to Franchisee during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term.  
