 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
We do not restrict your access to students, except that marketing must be conducted within your 
Territory. You are permitted to accept any student regardless of where the student’s home is 
located. You may operate the Franchised Business solely as a brick-and-mortar school, and you 
agree not to sell any products or services through telemarketing, computer marketing, internet 
sales, mobile applications, mail order catalogs, delivery trucks, or any other such system or use 
our customer data or the facilities of the Franchised Business to do so.   
 
You will be obligated to offer and sell those new products, services, and classes and to participate 
in all local, regional and promotional program initiatives and campaigns adopted by us in which 
we require you to participate. There is no limit on the number of promotions you may be required 
to offer during a year or on the amount you would be required to spend. You will not receive any 
credits or offsets for campaign participation. We have the right to designate which of our 
franchisees may, or will be required to, participate in new product or service tests, new or modified 
product or service offerings and other programs and initiatives that we may, from time to time, 
develop.  If we designate you for participation in any such program, initiative or campaign, you 
must participate when and as required by us.  There are no limits on rights to require you to offer 
and sell those new products or to participate in those programs, initiatives, and campaigns.  
  
Item 17: Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution.   
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) or 
Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement (“MUDA”) 
Summary 
a. Length of 
franchise term
FA: 4.1 
MUDA: None
The term is 15 years. 
b. Renewal or 
extension of the 
term
FA: 4.2 
MUDA: None 
You may renew for two (2) additional terms 
of 10 years each. 
c. Requirements 
for franchisee to 
renew or extend 
FA: 4.2 
MUDA: None 
For our franchise system, “renewal” means 
that at the end of your term, you sign our 
successor franchise agreement for an 
additional 10-year term. You may be asked 
to sign a contract with materially different 
terms and conditions than your original 
contract.  You may sign a successor 
franchise agreement if you: have fully 
complied with the material provisions of the 
franchise agreement; pay renewal fee; have 
the right to maintain possession of the 
Accepted Location or an accepted substitute 
location for the term of the renewal; have 
