EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
or available to the public and that: (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being 
generally known to, and not being readily ascertained by proper means by, other persons who can 
obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable 
under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. 
§2 
Grant of Franchise and Accepted Location 
2.1 
Grant. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee, upon the terms and conditions herein 
contained, a license to operate one Ivybrook Academy Franchised Business using the System and 
Marks, only at the Accepted Location.  Franchisee accepts the obligation to develop and operate 
the Franchised Business for the entire Initial Term. Franchisee covenants that it will at all times 
faithfully, honestly and diligently perform its obligations under this Agreement, and that it will 
continuously exert its best efforts to promote and enhance the business of the Franchised Business 
and other franchised businesses established and operated by Franchisee under the System. 
2.2 
Accepted Location. The street address (or detailed description of the premises) of the 
Accepted Location for the operation of the Franchised Business is described on Schedule 1. 
2.3 
Accepted Location Not Determined. If the Accepted Location is determined as of the 
Effective Date, then this Section shall be inapplicable.  If the Accepted Location is not determined 
as of the Effective Date, then the geographic area in which the Accepted Location is to be located 
shall be within the geographic area described on Schedule 1 (“Designated Area”).  Franchisee shall 
select and submit possible sites for Franchisor’s evaluation in accordance with Section 5.1.  When 
the Accepted Location is determined, its address shall be confirmed in writing by Franchisor, and 
the Designated Area shall lapse. The failure to insert an address into Schedule 1, shall not affect 
the enforceability of this Agreement.  The Designated Area is delineated for the sole purpose of 
site selection and does not confer any territorial exclusivity or protection.   
2.4 
Territory. 
2.4.1  Franchisee will receive an exclusive territory determined by Franchisor, with a 
population of 125,000 people or a 3-mile radius around the Accepted Location (whichever is less) 
(“Territory”).  Franchisor may specify the territory by a radius or other boundaries (such as town, 
city, county or other political boundaries, streets, geographical features, or trade area).  As long as 
this Agreement is in full force and effect and Franchisee is not in default under any of the terms 
hereof, Franchisor shall not limit or alter the boundaries of Franchisee’s Territory or the protections 
granted. Franchisor agrees that during the Initial Term it will not establish and operate, nor license 
any party other than Franchisee to establish and operate, a brick and mortar Ivybrook Academy 
school within the Territory. 
2.4.2  Franchisor does not warrant or represent that no other Ivybrook Academy 
Franchised Business will solicit or make any sales within the Territory, and Franchisee hereby 
expressly acknowledges and agrees that such solicitations or sales may occur within the Territory.  
Franchisor shall have no duty to protect Franchisee from any such sales, solicitations, or attempted 
sales. 
