EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
information that is in the Customer List without Franchisor’s prior written consent or unless doing 
so is in accordance with the Data Protection and Security Policies. Likewise, other data collected 
by Franchisee or Franchisee’s Technology in connection with the Franchised Business (Customer 
List and the other data collectively referred to herein as “Franchised Business Data”) is deemed to 
be owned by Franchisor, and Franchisee agrees to furnish the Franchised Business Data to 
Franchisor at any time that Franchisor requests it. Franchisee shall also use the Technology that 
Franchisor designates to create, store, maintain, and share the Franchised Business Data. 
Franchisor hereby grants Franchisee a limited license to use Franchised Business Data while this 
Agreement or a successor franchise agreement is in effect, but only in accordance with the 
standards, specifications, procedures, and policies that Franchisor establishes periodically and 
applicable law.  Upon termination, nonrenewal, transfer, or expiration of this Agreement for any 
reason, Franchisor shall be the exclusive owner of Franchised Business Data and Franchisee shall 
not use or disclose the Franchised Business Data in any form or manner. Franchisee shall not be 
due any compensation based upon Franchisor’s use of the Franchised Business Data.  Franchisee 
may not collect, sell, disclose, share, transfer, or use Franchised Business Data for any purpose 
other than operating the Franchised Business by offering and selling Ivybrook Academy products 
and services. The Customer List and Franchised Business Data are expressly subject to the 
provisions of Section 13.18 and may constitute Personal Information. 
13.18 Data Protection; Privacy.   
13.18.1 
As used in this Agreement, “Personal Information” shall mean (i) any 
information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact an individual or household, including 
but not limited to Franchisee’s employees and customers and (ii) information that is defined as 
protected, personal information under any Privacy Law. 
13.18.2 
Franchisee shall comply with, or, as applicable, adopt policies consistent 
with the then-current version of Franchisor’s data protection and security policies as may be 
described in the Manual (“Data Protection and Security Policies”). Such policies may govern how 
Franchised Business Data and Personal Information contained in such data shall be collected, used, 
store, processed, shared, or destroyed.  Franchisor has the right, but not the obligation to create 
such Data Protection and Security Policies. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may 
supplement, modify, or amend the Data Protection and Security Policies from time to time in its 
sole discretion, and that Franchisee shall comply with such modifications or amendments within 
thirty (30) days of notice from Franchisor.  Franchisor may require Franchisee to institute a data 
privacy policy for its Franchised Business. Franchisee shall not publish, disseminate, implement, 
revise, or rescind a data privacy policy without Franchisor’s prior written consent as to said policy.  
13.18.3 
Franchisee warrants and represents and covenants that it shall comply with 
(i) applicable prevailing industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, confidentiality and 
information security, including, without limitation, the then-current Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard of the PCI Security Standards Council (“PCI-DSS”),  (ii) those mandatory Data 
Protection and Security Policies, if any, and (iii) all applicable international, federal, state, and 
local laws, rules, and regulations, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, 
pertaining in any way to the privacy, confidentiality, security, management, disclosure, reporting, 
