 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
agent, (ii) install and maintain, at Franchisee’s sole expense, an intercept message, in a form and 
manner acceptable to Company on any or all of the Listings; (iii) disconnect, cancel, delete, 
remove, or discontinue the Listings; (iv) relist any Listing in a different location or with a new 
provider, whether published or online; (v) modify the Listing and any content in the Listing; (vi) 
provide all login or other access credentials to the Listings; and/or (vii) cooperate with Company 
or its designated agent in undertaking any or all of the foregoing.  
4. 
Franchisee appoints Company as Franchisee’s attorney-in-fact, to act in 
Franchisee’s place, for the purpose of assigning any Listings covered by the Assignment to 
Company or Company’s designated agent or taking any other actions required of Franchisee under 
this Agreement. Franchisee grants Company full authority to act in any manner proper or 
necessary to the exercise of the forgoing powers, including full power of substitution and 
execution or completion of any documents required or requested by any Provider to transfer or 
modify such Listings, and Franchisee ratifies every act that Company may lawfully perform in 
exercising those powers.  This power of attorney shall be effective for a period of two (2) years 
from the date of expiration, termination, or nonrenewal of Franchisee’s rights under the 
Agreement for any reason. Franchisee intends that this power of attorney be coupled with an 
interest. Franchisee declares this power of attorney to be irrevocable and renounces all rights to 
revoke it or to appoint another person to perform the acts referred to in this instrument. This power 
of attorney shall not be affected by the subsequent incapacity of Franchisee. This power is created 
to secure performance of a duty to Company and is for consideration. 
5. 
The parties agree that the Providers may accept Company’s written direction, the 
Franchise Agreement or this Assignment as conclusive proof of Company’s exclusive rights in 
and to the Listings upon such termination, expiration or nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement 
and that such assignment shall be made automatically and effective immediately upon a Provider’s 
receipt of such notice from Company or Franchisee. The parties further agree that if the Providers 
require that the parties execute the Providers’ assignment forms or other documentation at the time 
of termination, expiration or nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement, Company’s execution of 
such forms or documentation on behalf of Franchisee shall effectuate Franchisee’s consent and 
agreement to the assignment.  The parties agree that at any time after the date hereof they will 
perform such acts and execute and deliver such documents as may be necessary to assist in or 
accomplish the assignment described herein upon termination, expiration, or nonrenewal of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
6. 
The validity, construction and performance of this Assignment is governed by the 
laws of the State in which Company is located.  All agreements, covenants, representations and 
warranties made in this Agreement survive the signing of this Agreement.  All Company’s rights 
inure to Company’s benefit and to the benefit of Company’s successors and assigns. 
 
 
 
 
