EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
after receiving the required information whether Franchisee may purchase or lease such items or 
services or from such supplier.  Approval of a supplier may be conditioned on the supplier’s ability 
to provide sufficient quantity of product; quality of products or services at competitive prices; 
production and delivery capability; and dependability and general reputation. Nothing in this 
Section shall be construed to require Franchisor to approve any particular supplier, or to require 
Franchisor to make available to prospective suppliers, standards and specifications that Franchisor 
deems confidential. 
13.1.4 Franchisor and any of its Affiliates reserve the right to be an Approved Supplier or 
exclusive supplier of any good or service used in connection with the Franchised Business. If 
Franchisor or an Affiliate is an Approved Supplier, Franchisee shall execute a standard form 
purchase or supply agreement for the items to be supplied by Franchisor or its Affiliate.   
13.1.5 Franchisor has the right to designate certain products and services, not otherwise 
authorized for general use as part of the System, to be offered locally or regionally based upon 
such factors as Franchisor determines including, but not limited to, franchisee qualifications, test 
marketing and regional or local differences.  Franchisor has the right to give its consent to one or 
more franchisees to provide certain products or services not authorized for general use as part of 
the System.  Such consent will be based upon the factors set forth in Section 10.3 and shall not 
create any rights in Franchisee to provide the same products or services. 
13.1.6 Franchisor and Affiliates have the right to retain volume rebates, commissions, 
referral fees, and other payments and benefits from suppliers or real estate brokers or in connection 
with the furnishing of suppliers or real estate brokers or in connection with Franchisee’s purchases 
from such suppliers or work with such real estate brokers.  Franchisor may use any amounts that 
it receives from suppliers and real estate brokers for any purpose that Franchisor deems 
appropriate.  Franchisee shall have no entitlement to or interest in any such benefits. Further if 
Franchisor and its Affiliates sell any goods and services to Franchisee, Franchisor and its Affiliates 
may make a profit. Franchisee hereby agrees that Franchisor and its Affiliates are entitled to such 
profits, payments, discounts, or other compensation. 
13.1.7 Franchisee shall pay all suppliers and other creditors in a timely manner. If 
Franchisee leases the Accepted Location, Franchisee shall comply with its lease for the Location. 
13.2 
Appearance and Condition of the Franchised Business. Franchisee shall maintain the 
Accepted Location, equipment, and signage in “like new” condition, and shall repair or replace 
equipment, fixtures, supplies, inventory, and signage as necessary to comply with the health and 
safety standards and specifications of Franchisor and Franchisee’s lessor and any applicable laws 
or regulations. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to generally refurbish the 
Franchised Business at Franchisee’s expense, in order to conform to the building design, trade 
dress, color schemes, System, and presentation of the Marks in a manner consistent with the then-
current image for Ivybrook Academy franchises, which include, without limitation, structural 
changes, installation of new materials and equipment, remodeling, redecoration, changing color 
schemes, and modifications and/or repairs to existing improvements.  Such remodeling and re-
equipping may include, without limitation, replacing worn out, obsolete, or dated equipment, 
fixtures, furnishings and signs; structural modifications, redecorating; or purchasing more efficient 
or 
improved 
equipment. 
FRANCHISEE 
ACKNOWLEDGES 
THAT 
EQUIPMENT, 
