EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
otherwise rendered unusable, Franchisee may request the right to relocate the Accepted Location 
either permanently or temporarily as appropriate under the circumstances and Franchisor shall not 
unreasonably withhold its consent to such relocation.  Should Franchisee desire to relocate the 
Accepted Location for any other reason, Franchisee shall request the right and Franchisor may 
accept or reject such request. Any relocation of the Accepted Location shall be at Franchisee’s 
sole expense, and shall proceed in accordance with the requirements set forth in Sections 5.1 
through 5.6.  Franchisor has the right to charge Franchisee for any costs incurred by Franchisor in 
providing assistance to Franchisee, including, but not limited to, legal and accounting fees.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor has no obligation to provide relocation assistance.  If 
Franchisor and Franchisee do not agree upon a substitute site within 90 days after the lease expires 
or is terminated or the Accepted Location is rendered unusable, this Agreement shall terminate as 
provided in Section 16.2.1.1. 
5.7  Owned Real Estate. In the event that Franchisee proposes to lease the Accepted Location 
from any owner, Affiliate, guarantor, shareholder, member, manager, partner, director, officer or 
other principal of Franchisee, or from any person or entity related to or affiliated with Franchisee 
or one or more of Franchisee’s owners, Affiliates, shareholders, members, guarantors, partners, 
directors, officers or other principals (“Related Party”), Franchisor may require the Related Party 
to sign this Agreement and/or separate agreements for the purpose of binding the Related Party to 
applicable provisions of this Agreement, as determined by Franchisor. Franchisee shall also 
execute a written lease agreement accepted by Franchisor with the Related Party and deliver a 
copy to Franchisor. Any such lease shall comply with the terms of Section 5.2 above. If Franchisee 
directly owns the Accepted Location, Franchisee agrees to execute a written agreement with 
Franchisor granting Franchisor the right to enforce the terms of Section 17.1.1.10 and/or the same 
rights as Franchisor would have received under a lease or lease rider that is compliant with Section 
5.2 above. 
 
§6 
Proprietary Marks 
6.1 
Ownership. Franchisee’s right to use the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement, is 
nonexclusive and is limited to the conduct of business by Franchisee pursuant to, and in 
compliance with, this Agreement and all applicable standards, specifications and operating 
procedures prescribed from time to time by Franchisor. Any unauthorized use of the Marks by 
Franchisee is a breach of this Agreement and an infringement of the rights of Franchisor or its 
Affiliate in and to the Marks.  Franchisee’s use of the Marks, and any goodwill created thereby, 
shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor or its Affiliate.  Franchisee shall not at any time acquire an 
ownership interest in the Marks by virtue of any use it may make of the Marks. This Agreement 
does not confer any goodwill, title, or interest in the Marks to Franchisee. Franchisee shall not, at 
any time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term or after this Agreement’s termination, 
nonrenewal, or expiration, contest the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or assist any other 
person in contesting the validity or ownership of any of the Marks. Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that the restrictions set forth in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary for the 
protection of value of the Marks and the goodwill associated with the Marks and that any violation 
of this Agreement would cause substantial and irreparable injury to Franchisor, and that Franchisor 
would not have entered into a business relationship with Franchisee or enter into this Agreement 
