 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
(percentage of total fund expenditures) 
 
Use 
Percentage 
Software Solutions
10%
Social Media Advertising (Production and Placement)
55%
Administrative Expenses and Other
2%
Graphic Design
3%
Website Expenses
30%
Total 
100%
 
Franchisee Advisory Council. We have established a Franchisee Advisory Council, which 
provides advice to us on various matters, including advertising. The Franchisee Advisory Council 
serves in an advisory capacity only and has no operational or decision-making power. We have 
the right to appoint members and the power to change and dissolve the council at any time.  
 
Advertising Cooperative. Although we are not obligated to do so, we may create a cooperative 
advertising program for the benefit of all Schools located in a particular region.  We also have the 
power to change, dissolve, and merge cooperatives. We have the right to collect and designate all 
or a portion of your local advertising spend for cooperative advertising. We will determine the 
geographic territory and market areas for each cooperative advertising program. You must 
participate in any cooperative advertising program established in your region.  Any amounts you 
contribute to the cooperative will be credited towards your obligation to spend funds on local 
marketing. We or an advertising council of franchisees have the right to administer the cooperative. 
Each member of the cooperative, whether franchised or company owned, will have one vote if 
they are part of the council. The fees of the cooperative will be established by us or by majority 
vote of the council members, and each member will be required to contribute at that rate. 
Company-owned schools that are members of a cooperative will contribute on the same basis as 
the other franchisee members. Cooperatives are required to prepare annual financial statements 
and they will be available for you to review. Cooperatives are required to operate from written 
documents and they will be available for you to review. The maximum fee that can be imposed by 
a cooperative is 2% of Gross Revenues. The Cooperative is not a trust fund and we and our 
affiliates have no fiduciary duty to you or any franchisee in connection with the collection or use 
of the cooperative monies or any aspect of the operation of the cooperative. We have the sole 
discretion to exempt any Ivybrook Academy business from the requirement to participate in a 
cooperative.  (Section 11.4) 
 
Other Advertising Requirements and Opportunities. 
 
You will spend a minimum of $20,000 prior to the opening of your School on marketing. All of 
the expenditure will be paid to our approved supplier which will manage and implement the 
marketing. You may choose to spend more. (Section 11.1) 
 
You must spend at least 1% of Gross Revenues each year on advertising, promotions and public 
relations within the immediate locality surrounding your School. We will provide general 
guidelines to you.  Within 30 days after the end of each month, you must furnish to us an accurate 
accounting of the expenditures on local advertising for the preceding month. (Section 11.2) 
