 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Note 6. The computer equipment you must purchase includes office computers, iPads, and certain 
software or applications like Quickbooks and The Student Hub school management and payment 
processing software. See Item 11 for a complete list of the hardware and software you will need. 
 
Note 7. This estimate represents a deposit equal up to three months’ rent.  Pre-paid rent is generally 
non-refundable while security or other deposits may be refundable either in full or in part 
depending upon your lease or rental contract.  We expect that you will rent your location.  If you 
choose to purchase real estate instead of renting, your costs will be significantly different. These 
estimates assume you will have free rent until you open your School for operation. 
 
Note 8. These estimates are based on historical experience of our affiliate’s School but will vary 
based on municipality and service provider. 
 
Note 9. This estimate assumes you pay 25% of the annual cost of insurance before you open.  
These estimates are based on the experience of our affiliate and may vary based on your location, 
insurance provider, and other factors. 
 
Note 10. These estimates represent travel and lodging expenses for up to three people to attend our 
training in Charlotte, North Carolina or another location we designate.  
 
Note 11. You will spend a minimum of $20,000 prior to the opening of your School on marketing. 
All of the expenditure will be paid to our approved supplier which will manage and implement the 
marketing. You may choose to spend more. 
 
Note 12. These estimates represent fees for initial reviews and advisory services for a construction 
manager and architect. You may incur greater costs if you engage an accountant or attorney to 
perform other or additional services or if you use service providers who charge high fees. Your 
costs will increase if you require a new construction bid. These estimates assume you will not need 
further services from an additional architect or civil engineer in your jurisdiction, which may be 
required under local laws, rules, and regulations.  You will incur greater costs if you engage an 
architect to perform a new construction building or additional services. 
 
Note 13. You should have a three-month cash reserve to cover the operations of the Ivybrook 
Academy business. This includes any other required expenses you will incur before operations 
begin and during the initial period of operations, such as payroll, additional inventory, rent, and 
other operating expenses in excess of income generated by the business. Our estimates do not 
include any other charges or expenses, including finance charges, interest or debt service 
obligations or any other expenses.  Your costs, and the amount you should have in reserve, will be 
affected by factors in the local market, your technical, marketing and general business skills, local 
economic conditions, local competition, local cost factors and where your School is located. You 
may need to have more or less money in your cash reserve than what we have estimated.  You may 
need to have additional working capital to cover lower than estimated sales or higher than 
estimated operating costs. You should speak with a financial advisor to get a more accurate 
estimate of the amount you should have in reserve.  The operating costs for which you may use 
the cash reserve are typically non-refundable, but you should ask about refund policies before you 
patronize any supplier. The payments made to third parties may be refundable depending on the 
