 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
We have the right to require you to use proprietary Technology. (Section 10.2) Accordingly, we 
may require that you enter into a license agreement with us or our affiliate, which may require you 
to pay us commercially reasonable fees and/or enter into license agreements directly with 
suppliers. 
 
We recommend that you back up your data locally, which may require you to purchase a “back-
up” subscription service. We are not responsible under any circumstances for any malfunction or 
“crash” of the Technology we require, recommend, provide, or approve, including for any 
Franchised Business data lost as a result of that malfunction or “crash.” When buying, using, and 
maintaining the Technology according to our standards and specifications, you will have sole and 
complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the 
Technology; (2) the manner in which your Technologies interface with our and any third party’s 
technology; and (3) any and all consequences if the Technology are not properly operated, 
maintained, and upgraded.  
 
Manual. We will provide to you, on loan, one copy of the Ivybrook Academy Confidential Brand 
Standards Manual or provide you with access to an electronic copy it.  The Table of Contents of 
the Confidential Brand Standards Manual, along with number of pages devoted to each section, is 
included as Exhibit I to this Disclosure Document. (Section 9.1) The Confidential Brand Standards 
Manual contain mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, and procedures. They are 
confidential and remain our property. Your employees are to see them only on a need-to-know 
basis, subject to confidentiality agreements.  We may modify this material from time to time and 
its modified terms are binding on you. Revisions to the Confidential Brand Standards Manual will 
be based on what we, in our sole discretion, deem is in the best interests of the System, including 
promoting quality, enhancing good will, increasing efficiency, decreasing administrative burdens, 
or improving our and our franchisees’ profitability.   
 
Our Training Program.  The initial pre-opening training program for an owner representative, the 
School Administrator, and up to two administrators and will be approximately 80 hours, virtually 
and at our affiliates’ School. We call this Ivybrook University and it must be completed prior to 
your opening for business. We will train up to 3 people. The training program covers the following 
information. 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
Subject 
 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of on 
the Job 
Training 
Location 
Phase 1: Business Startup and 
Real Estate
12 
- 
Online learning portal and in-
person at our Charlotte location
Phase 2: Marketing; 
Enrollment; Operations
24 
- 
Online learning portal and in-
person at our Charlotte location
Phase 3: Ivybrook University; 
School Setup
44 
- 
Online learning portal and in-
person at our Charlotte location
TOTAL 
80 
0 
 
 
