EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
political, social, civic or other type of organization (or to any individual on behalf of any 
organization).  Franchisor may withhold any such consent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
13.6 
Licenses and Permits. Franchisee shall secure and maintain in force all required licenses, 
permits and certificates necessary for the operation of the Franchised Business and shall operate 
the Franchised Business in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations.  
Franchisor makes no representation to Franchisee with regard to any legal requirements that 
Franchisee must satisfy or comply with in connection with the operation of the Franchised 
Business.  Franchisee shall be solely responsible for investigating and complying with all such 
laws, ordinances and regulations with regard to the operation of the Franchised Business. 
13.7 
Notification of Proceedings. Franchisee shall notify Franchisor in writing of the receipt 
of a notice of demand or threatened claim of liability of, or damages against or involving, 
Franchisee or the Franchised Business not more than five days after Franchisee’s receipts of such 
notice.  Franchisee shall notify Franchisor in writing of the commencement of any action, suit or 
proceeding involving Franchisee or the Franchised Business, and of the issuance of any order, 
writ, injunction, judgment, award or decree which may affect the operation or financial condition 
of the Franchised Business not more than five days after notice of such commencement or issuance.  
Franchisee shall deliver to Franchisor not more than five days after Franchisee’s receipt thereof, a 
copy of any inspection report, warning, certificate or rating by any governmental agency relating 
to any health or safety law, rule or regulation that reflects Franchisee’s failure to meet and maintain 
the highest applicable rating or Franchisee’s noncompliance or less than full compliance with any 
applicable law, rule or regulation. 
13.8 
Notification of Significant Issues. Franchisee shall alert Franchisor as soon as possible 
(and in any event within 24 hours) of any significant issue or potential crisis relating to the 
Franchised Business.  Franchisee shall follow Franchisor’s policies and procedures for managing 
public relations and crisis communications as Franchisor directs in the Confidential Brand 
Standards Manual or otherwise.  For purposes of this Agreement, a “significant issue” includes 
(but is not limited to) any allegation or occurrence of abuse, neglect, or mistreatment of a child; 
any serious injury to child on the premises of the Franchised Business, any outbreak of serious 
illness associated with the Franchised Business, any allegation or discovery that a child has been 
released to an unauthorized person; any occurrence of unlawful conduct in the Franchised 
Business; or any allegation or discovery of any hazardous or unlawful substance associated with 
the Franchised Business. Franchisor will have the right to take control of the management of 
communications if Franchisor determines that the publicity surrounding the significant issue is 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the reputation or goodwill of the Franchised Business, 
Marks, System, or Franchisor. Franchisee will obtain Franchisor’s consent before any press 
releases, interviews or public statements are issued by Franchisee, or anyone on its behalf, about 
events that are likely to receive or are receiving significant negative public attention related to the 
Franchised Business, Marks, System, or Franchisor. 
13.9 
Compliance with Good Business Practices. Franchisee acknowledges that the quality of 
customer service provided by the Franchised Business is material to this Agreement and the 
relationship created and licenses granted hereby.  Therefore, Franchisee shall endeavor to maintain 
high standards of quality and service in the operation of the Franchised Business.  Franchisee shall 
