 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
eligible for accreditation after two years of operation.  You must also be a member of NAREA (North 
American Reggio Emilia Alliance).   
 
(ix) 
Better Business Bureau.  Your business must be accredited by the local Better 
Business Bureau. 
 
If you want to use a supplier that is not on our list of approved suppliers, you must request our 
approval in writing. We will grant or revoke approvals of suppliers based on criteria appropriate to 
the situation, which may include evaluations of the supplier's capacity, quality, financial stability, 
reputation, and reliability; inspections; product testing, and performance reviews. Our criteria for 
approving suppliers are not available to you. We permit you to contract with alternative suppliers 
who meet our criteria only if you request our approval in writing, and we grant approval.  We charge 
$500 to review or approve an alternate supplier. We will provide you with written notification of the 
approval or disapproval of any supplier you propose within 30 days after receipt of your request and 
the information we need to evaluate the supplier.  We may grant approvals of new suppliers or revoke 
past approvals of suppliers on written notice to you, or by updating our Confidential Brand Standards 
Manual. 
 
Our affiliate  Catapult is the owner and the supplier of The Student Hub. Otherwise, neither we nor 
any of our officers own an interest in any supplier to our franchisees. Drew McWilliams is a licensed 
real estate agent and may receive a referral fee or commission from a real estate broker that assists 
you in finding a location.   
 
When our franchisees make required purchases from our designated supplier of classroom furniture 
and our designated supplier of branded supplies and promotional items, we receive a nominal credit 
toward our or our affiliates’ future purchases from the two suppliers. In 2024, we received credits of 
approximately $33,821 from these suppliers, or less than 2% of our total revenue of $2,171,363. 
These credits are based upon a volume of franchisee purchases. We do not share this credit with our 
franchisees, but our current policy is to use the rebates for our annual franchisee conference. In 2024, 
Catapult received approximately $36,000 from Ivybrook Academy franchisees’ purchases of The 
Student Hub software.  
 
Otherwise, we do not currently receive payments from any designated suppliers based on purchases 
by you or other franchisees.  However, the franchise agreement does not prohibit us from doing so. 
 
The cost of the items that you must purchase from us, our affiliates or from suppliers designated by 
us, represents between 70% and 90% of your total purchases in connection with the establishment 
of your School.  The cost of the items that you must purchase from us, our affiliates or from suppliers 
designated by us represents between 70% and 90% of your total purchases in operating your School. 
 
There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.  We do not negotiate purchase agreements with 
suppliers on your behalf. We do not provide material benefits to you based on the purchase of 
particular products or services or use of particular suppliers.   
 
 
 
