EXHIBIT H TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
6. 
Miscellaneous. 
 
 
a) 
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect 
to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements, negotiations and 
discussions between Individual and Franchisee.  This Agreement cannot be altered or amended 
except by an agreement in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of the parties. 
 
 
b) 
Except to the extent this Agreement or any particular dispute is governed by the 
U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 or other federal law, this Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina (without reference to its 
conflict of laws principles).  The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern all matters subject to 
arbitration.  References to any law refer also to any successor laws and to any published regulations 
for such law as in effect at the relevant time.  References to a governmental agency also refer to 
any regulatory body that succeeds the function of such agency. 
 
 
c) 
Any action brought by either party, shall only be brought in the appropriate state or 
federal court located in or serving the location of Company’s then-current principal place of 
business (currently, Charlotte, North Carolina).  The parties waive all questions of personal 
jurisdiction or venue for the purposes of carrying out this provision.  Company may bring claims 
for injunctive relief where Franchisee is located.  This exclusive choice of jurisdiction and venue 
provision shall not restrict the ability of the parties to confirm or enforce judgments or arbitration 
awards in any appropriate jurisdiction.   
 
 
d) 
Individual agrees if any legal proceedings are brought for the enforcement of this 
Agreement, in addition to any other relief to which the successful or prevailing party may be 
entitled, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees, investigative 
fees, administrative fees billed by such party’s attorneys, court costs and all expenses, including, 
without limitation, all fees, taxes, costs and expenses incident to arbitration, appellate, and post-
judgment proceedings incurred by the successful or prevailing party in that action or proceeding. 
 
 
e) 
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date this Agreement is executed and 
shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Individual and shall inure to the benefit of 
Franchisee and its successors and assigns.  Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this 
Agreement with the independent right to enforce the provisions contained herein. 
 
 
f) 
The failure of either party to insist upon performance in any one (1) or more 
instances upon performance of any terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed 
a waiver of future performance of any such term, covenant or condition of this Agreement and the 
obligations of either party with respect thereto shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 
g) 
The paragraph headings in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and 
shall not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 
h) 
In the event that any part of this Agreement shall be held to be unenforceable or 
invalid, the remaining parts hereof shall nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable as 
though the invalid portions were not a part hereof. 
