EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
time and opportunity to consult with advisors of its own choosing about the potential benefits and 
risks of entering into this Agreement.  Franchisee represents and acknowledges that it has received, 
at least 14 calendar days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed, the Disclosure 
Document required by the Trade Regulation Rule of the Federal Trade Commission entitled 
Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising and Business Opportunity 
Ventures. Franchisee understands that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between 
Franchisor and Franchisee concerning the Ivybrook Academy franchise, which means that any oral 
or written statements not set out in this Agreement will not be binding. 
24.2 
Consultation by Franchisee. Franchisee represents that it has been urged to consult with 
its own advisors with respect to the legal, financial, and other aspects of this Agreement, the 
business franchised hereby and the prospects for that business.  Franchisee represents that it has 
either consulted with such advisors or has deliberately declined to do so. 
24.3 
True and Accurate Information. Franchisee represents that all information set forth in 
any and all applications, financial statements and submissions to Franchisor is true, complete and 
accurate in all respects, and Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is relying upon the 
truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of such information. 
24.4 
Risk. Franchisee represents that it has conducted an independent investigation of the 
business contemplated by this Agreement and acknowledges that, like any other business, an 
investment in a Franchised Business involves business risks and that the success of the venture is 
dependent, among other factors, upon the business abilities and efforts of Franchisee.  Franchisor 
makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, in this Agreement or otherwise, as to 
the potential success of the business venture contemplated hereby. 
24.5 
No Guarantee of Success. Franchisee represents and acknowledges that it has not received 
any guarantee, express or implied, as to the revenues, profits, or likelihood of success of the 
Franchised Business. Franchisee represents and acknowledges that there have been no 
representations by Franchisor’s officers, directors, employees, or agents that are not contained in, 
or are inconsistent with, the statements made in the Franchise Disclosure Document or this 
Agreement. 
24.6 
No Violation of Other Agreements. Franchisee represents that its execution of this 
Agreement will not violate any other agreement or commitment to which Franchisee or any holder 
of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee is a party. 
24.7 
Reasonableness. Franchisee accepts the terms, conditions and covenants contained in this 
agreement as being reasonable and necessary to maintain Franchisor’s standards of quality, service 
and uniformity and in order to protect and preserve the goodwill of the Marks. Franchisee 
acknowledges that other franchisees of Franchisor have been or will be granted franchises at 
different times and in different situations.  Franchisee further acknowledges that the provisions of 
the franchise agreements pursuant to which such franchises were granted may vary materially from 
those contained in this Agreement and that Franchisee’s obligations arising hereunder may differ 
substantially from other franchisees. Franchisee recognizes that the System may evolve and change 
over time. 
 
