 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
You may also conduct other marketing activities so long as they are approved by us. You shall 
submit to us for our prior approval all advertising and promotional materials to be used in your 
local marketing.  (Section 11.2.2)  
 
We have the right but not the obligation to engage in additional marketing for the Ivybrook 
Academy schools. We may use any media we deem appropriate. This media coverage will likely 
be local rather than regional or national. We may use our in-house personnel or outside agencies 
or service providers to conduct this marketing. We are not required to spend any amount of 
advertising in your region or Territory. 
 
Technology. You are required to purchase Technology in accordance with our specifications in 
the Confidential Brand Standards Manual. (Section 13.19). “Technology” includes computer 
hardware and software, mobile applications, cloud-based systems and/or software, smartphones, 
tablets, broadband high-speed internet service, active e-mail account, required dedicated telephone 
and power lines, modems, printers, point-of-sale systems, scheduling systems, robotics, 
automation, and other computer-related accessories or peripheral equipment. You may 
periodically be required to update or upgrade the Technology, if we believe it is necessary.  We 
may introduce new requirements for the Technology or modify our specifications and 
requirements.  There are no limits on our rights to do so. Additionally, if we enter into a license 
agreement with a supplier and sublicense the Technology to you, we may charge you for all 
amounts we pay to the supplier based on your use, plus a reasonable amount to compensate us for 
the services that we or our affiliate provide. 
 
We currently require you to use typical office computers plus iPads for each classroom.  You must 
use QuickBooks for accounting and bookkeeping. The Student Hub is a required school 
management and payment processing software.  The approximate initial cost of the computer 
hardware and software is $1,000 to $2,500. The exact number of consoles and other equipment 
you will purchase will likely vary depending on the student capacity and layout of your School. 
The data that is generated and stored on these currently required systems includes financial data, 
student information, scheduling information, transaction information, marketing materials, and 
other operational data. 
 
We are not obligated to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to your 
computer system. You do not have to enter into any ongoing maintenance or support agreements 
for the maintenance of a computer system, but you may find it advantageous to do so.  We estimate 
that the annual cost of any optional or required maintenance, updating, upgrading, or support 
contracts will be $2,000 to $3,000. We will not be liable to you for any updates or failures to 
updates by the approved Technology suppliers. (Section 13.19.4) 
 
We have the right to independently access all information on your Technology at any time without 
first notifying you. There are no contractual limits on our right to access this information. We will 
have the right at all times to independently access your Technology to retrieve, analyze, and use 
the information, including your financial information, regardless of whether or not you were 
required to purchase the Technology. (Sections 12.6 and 12.7) 
 
