EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
shall Franchisor be required to engage in litigation or similar actions with regard to these 
restrictions.   
2.8.2 Despite the marketing restriction in the previous section, Franchisee shall be 
permitted to accept any student at Franchisee’s Accepted Location, regardless of the student’s 
home location.   
§3 
Fees 
3.1 
Franchise Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay the Franchise Fee 
set forth on Schedule 1 (less any amount of the Franchise Fee previously paid by Franchisee under 
a Multi-Unit Development Agreement). The Franchise Fee shall be deemed fully earned upon 
execution of this Agreement and is nonrefundable. The Franchise Fee is payment, in part, for 
expenses incurred by Franchisor in furnishing assistance and services to Franchisee as set forth in 
this Agreement and for costs incurred by Franchisor, including general sales and marketing 
expenses, training, legal, accounting, and other professional fees.   
3.2 
Training & Opening Support Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall 
pay the Training & Opening Support Fee set forth on Schedule 1.  The Training & Opening Support 
Fee shall be due and deemed fully earned upon the date Franchisee signs a property lease or 
contract to purchase real estate for the Accepted Location and is nonrefundable. 
3.3 
Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall pay the Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee set forth on Schedule 1. The 
Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee shall be deemed fully earned upon execution of this 
Agreement and is nonrefundable. 
3.4 
Monthly Royalty Fee. On or before the 6th calendar day of each month, Franchisee shall 
pay a fee (“Royalty Fee”) equal to 7% of the Gross Revenue for the previous month. 
3.5 
Third Party Suppliers. If Franchisor requires Franchisee to use a designated third-party 
supplier, Franchisor has the right (but not the obligation) to collect payment on behalf of the 
supplier and remit the payment to the supplier.  If Franchisor does so, it may impose a reasonable 
markup or charge for administering the payment program. 
3.6 
Technology Fee. Franchisor shall have the right to collect a technology fee during any 
point of the Initial Term. Franchisor may use this fee for any technology-related purpose. 
Franchisor retains the right to raise the fee at any time during the Initial Term  
3.7 
Conference Fee. Franchisor shall have the right to require Franchisee, its owners, its Chief 
Executive Officer, and its School Administrator to attend conferences. Franchisor will charge a 
per-person attendance fee for the conference. Franchisee is responsible for paying the costs of 
travel, food, transportation, and lodging for each person Franchisee brings to the conference. If 
Franchisee fails to attend a required conference, Franchisor will charge Franchisee the attendance 
cost for each person required to attend. 
