EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
but not limited to, records evidencing Gross Revenue, profits, losses, income, tax liabilities, tax 
payments, revenues, expenses, and any correspondence, notes, memoranda, audits, business 
records, or internal accounts within said third parties’ possession, custody or control, and to 
continue to release such records to Franchisor on a monthly basis for the length of the unexpired 
Initial Term or Renewal Term or until such time as Franchisor withdraws its request.  Franchisee 
shall execute all documents necessary to facilitate the release of records referenced herein to 
Franchisor. 
12.9 
Late Reporting Fines. Franchisor shall have the right to assess a fine against Franchisee 
up to $1,000 per incident if Franchisee fails to timely submit any required or requested information 
or report.  
12.10  Chart of Accounts. Franchisee shall implement and use Franchisor’s standard chart of 
accounts.  
§13 
Standards of Operation 
13.1 
Authorized Products, Services and Suppliers. 
13.1.1 Franchisee acknowledges that the reputation and goodwill of the System is based 
in large part on offering high quality products and services to its customers. Accordingly, 
Franchisee shall provide or offer for sale or use at the Franchised Business only those items and 
services that Franchisor from time to time approves (and which are not thereafter disapproved) 
and that comply with Franchisor’s specifications and quality standards.  Franchisee also agrees to 
provide and offer for sale all goods and services at the Franchised Business that Franchisor 
requires. 
13.1.2 To the extent available, Franchisor shall provide Franchisee, in the Confidential 
Brand Standards Manual or other written or electronic form, with a list of specifications and a list 
of Approved Suppliers for some or all of the supplies, signs, furniture, fixtures, inventory, 
equipment and other approved or specified items and services. Franchisor may from time to time 
issue revisions to such list. Franchisee shall not offer for sale, sell or provide through the 
Franchised Business or from the Accepted Location any products or services that Franchisor has 
not approved.  Franchisor may revoke its approval of any item, service or supplier at any time by 
notifying Franchisee and/or the supplier. Franchisee shall, at its own expense, promptly cease 
using, selling or providing any items or services disapproved by Franchisor and shall promptly 
cease purchasing from suppliers disapproved by Franchisor.  Franchisor shall not have any liability 
to Franchisee for any claim or loss related to any product provided or service performed by any 
Approved Supplier, including without limitation defects, delays, or unavailability of products or 
services. Franchisor or an Affiliate may be an Approved Supplier. 
13.1.3 If Franchisee desires to utilize any suppliers, products or services that Franchisor 
has not approved (for products and services that require supplier approval), Franchisee shall first 
send Franchisor sufficient information, specifications and samples for Franchisor to determine 
whether the supplier, service or product complies with its standards and specifications or whether 
the supplier meets its Approved Supplier criteria.  Franchisee shall pay a fee of $500 in connection 
with Franchisor’s evaluation. Franchisor will decide within a reasonable time (usually 30 days) 
