 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
You have no right to sell your products or goods by mail order catalog sales, computer, 
telemarketing, mobile application, and/or internet marketing or by any other fashion other than 
sales to patrons at your specific business location or at approved off-site events. You may not 
solicit, advertise, or market outside your Territory, unless we grant you prior written permission 
to do so. We retain the right to control all online sales. You may accept any students who select 
your School. 
 
Regardless of either proximity to your Territory or your School, or any actual or threatened impact 
on sales of your School, we retain the right all rights not expressly granted to you, including, 
among others, to: (a) use the Marks and System in connection with establishing and operating 
Ivybrook Academy businesses at any location outside the Territory; (b) use the Marks or other 
marks in connection with selling or distributing any goods (including branded merchandise or 
product) or services anywhere in the world (including within the Territory), whether or not you 
also offer them, through channels of distribution other than a brick and mortar Ivybrook Academy 
School; provided, however, that we will not sell Ivybrook Academy School courses or curriculum 
through the Internet; (c) acquire, establish or operate, without using the Marks, any business of 
any kind at any location anywhere in the world (including within the Territory); and (d) use the 
Marks in connection with soliciting or directing advertising or promotional materials to customers 
anywhere in the world (including within the Territory). 
 
If we decide to exercise these rights, we will not be obligated to compensate you for such sales 
made inside or outside your Territory. We have the right, but currently no plan, to operate or 
franchise a business under a different trademark that sells goods and services similar to those you 
will offer.  
 
Item 13: Trademarks. 
 
We license our principal trademark “Ivybrook” (standard character mark) and “Ivybrook 
Academy” (design mark) to you for use associated with the Franchised Business.  We may also 
develop and license other Marks used to operate the Franchised Business. By “Mark,” we mean 
any trade name, trademark, service mark or logo used to identify your business.  You may not use 
any marks that we have not designated to identify your business.   
 
Ivybrook Franchising, LLC owns the principal trademarks. Details about the marks, which are 
registered on the Principal Register, are below: 
 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
4807315 
September 8, 2015 
IVYBROOK
4283406
January 29, 2013
 
We have filed all required affidavits. All of these marks has been renewed. We know of no 
currently effective material determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, or any state trademark administrator or court; or any pending 
