EXHIBIT B TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Franchise Agreement: 
 
The Franchise Agreement is revised to include the following: 
 
1. 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. sec. 
80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specific cases, that a franchisee be given 
90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the 
Agreement.   
 
2. 
To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchises Act, Franchisor will protect 
Franchisee’s right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo types or other 
commercial symbols, or indemnify Franchisee from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any 
claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name, provided Franchisee is using the names and 
marks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement.   
 
3. 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, Franchisor is prohibited from requiring 
Franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person 
from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, provided that the 
foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.   
 
4. 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, any provision in the franchise agreement 
requiring a waiver of Franchisee’s rights to a jury trial is hereby deleted. The foregoing shall not 
limit the enforcement of the arbitration provision of the Franchise Agreement.  
 
5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Each provision of this Minnesota addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect 
to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota law are met independently without 
reference to this addendum. Each provision of this Minnesota addendum shall be enforceable only 
to the extent required by applicable Minnesota franchise law. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:   
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:   
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
 
