EXHIBIT B TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
MULTI-STATE ADDENDA TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, MULTI-UNIT 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, AND DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, MULTI-UNIT 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, AND DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Each provision of this Illinois addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect to 
such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Illinois law are met independently without 
reference to this addendum. Each provision of this Illinois addendum shall be enforceable only to 
the extent required by applicable Illinois franchise law. 
 
In the State of Illinois only, the following statement is added to Item 5 of the Disclosure Document: 
 
We will defer the collection of the initial franchise and development fees until we 
have satisfied our pre-opening obligations to you and you have commenced 
business operations. The Illinois Attorney General’s Office imposed this deferral 
requirement due to our financial condition. 
 
The following statements are added to Item 17 of the Disclosure Document and to the Franchise 
Agreement and Multi-Unit Development Agreement: 
 
Illinois law governs the Agreements. 
 
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any 
provision in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a  forum 
outside of the State of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may provide 
for mediation and arbitration to take place outside of Illinois. 
 
Section 19 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act sets forth the conditions and 
notice requirements for termination of a franchise agreement, to the extent required 
by Illinois law. 
 
Section 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act sets forth the conditions of non-
renewal of a franchise agreement, along with the compensation requirements, to the 
extent required by Illinois law. 
 
Only to the extent required by Illinois law, in conformance with section 41 of the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, stipulation or provision purporting 
to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
