EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
16.2.2.2 
within 10 days of receiving notice of Franchisee’s failure to maintain 
insurance as specified in Section 15 of this Agreement; or 
16.2.2.3 
within 15 days of receiving notice of any other default by Franchisee or 
upon Franchisee’s failure to comply with any mandatory specification, standard or operating 
procedure prescribed in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or otherwise prescribed in 
writing. 
16.3 
Reinstatement and Extension. If provisions of this Agreement provide for periods of 
notice less than those required by applicable law, or provide for termination, cancellation or 
nonrenewal other than in accordance with applicable law, Franchisor may reinstate or extend the 
Initial Term or any Renewal Term for the purpose of complying with applicable law by submitting 
a written notice to Franchisee without waiving any of Franchisor’s rights under this Agreement. 
16.4 
Right of Franchisor to Discontinue Services to Franchisee. If Franchisee is in breach of 
any obligation under this Agreement, Franchisor has the right to suspend its performance of any 
of its obligations under this Agreement including, without limitation, the sale or supply of any 
products or services for which Franchisor is an Approved Supplier, maintenance of or access to  
any Online Presence (including an intranet), or providing of any technology or computer system 
to Franchisee, until such time as Franchisee corrects the breach or Franchisor otherwise determines 
to resume providing such services. Franchisor shall also have the right to modify the Territory and 
the protections described in this Agreement if Franchisee is in breach of any obligation under this 
Agreement.  The discontinuing of these services and protections shall not be deemed a constructive 
termination. 
16.5 
Franchisor’s Right To Cure.  If Franchisee breaches or defaults under any provision of 
this Agreement, Franchisor may (but has no obligation to) take any action to cure the default on 
behalf of Franchisee, without any liability to Franchisee.  Franchisee shall reimburse Franchisor 
for its costs and expenses (including the allocation of any internal costs) for such action, plus 10% 
as an administrative fee. 
16.6 
Cross Default. Any default by Franchisee (or any owner, guarantor or Affiliate of 
Franchisee) under this Agreement shall be a default under any other agreement between Franchisor 
(or any Affiliate) and Franchisee (or any owner, guarantor, or Affiliate of Franchisee).  Any such 
default under any other agreement or any other obligation between Franchisor (or any Affiliate) 
and Franchisee (or any owner, guarantor, or Affiliate of Franchisee) shall be a default under this 
Agreement. Any default by Franchisee (or any owner, guarantor, or Affiliate of Franchisee) under 
any lease, sublease, loan agreement, or security interest may be regarded as a default under this 
Agreement, regardless of whether or not any such agreements are between Franchisee (or any 
owner, guarantor, or Affiliate of Franchisee) and Franchisor (or any Affiliate). 
 
16.7  Damages. Franchisee shall promptly reimburse Franchisor upon request for any damages, 
costs, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Franchisor as a result 
of any default under this Agreement. 
 
16.8 
Notification. Franchisee hereby authorizes Franchisor to notify any lender, creditor, 
customer, supplier, or landlord of Franchisee or the Franchised Business upon the occurrence of 
