EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
request, Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with copies of all nondisclosure, non-solicitation, and 
noncompetition agreements signed pursuant to this Section.  Such agreements shall remain on file 
at the offices of Franchisee and are subject to audit or review as otherwise set forth herein.  
Franchisor shall be a third-party beneficiary with the right to enforce covenants contained in such 
agreements. 
7.5 
Reasonableness of Restrictions. Franchisee acknowledges that the restrictive covenants 
contained in this Section are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their inclusion, 
Franchisor would not have entered into this Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges that each of the 
terms set forth herein, including the restrictive covenants, is fair and reasonable and is reasonably 
required for the protection of Franchisor, the System and the Marks and Franchisee waives any 
right to challenge these restrictions as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable. 
§8 
Training and Assistance 
8.1 
Initial Training. Franchisor shall make an initial training program available to one of 
Franchisee’s owners, the School Administrator, and up to two administrators; for a total of no more 
than three people.  Approximately 60 days prior to the opening of the Franchised Business, the 
School Administrator and at least one of Franchisee’s owners must attend and successfully 
complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, an initial training program pertaining to the operation and 
administration of the Franchised Business including, but not limited to, sales and marketing 
methods; financial controls; maintenance of quality standards; operational procedures; customer 
service techniques; record keeping; and reporting procedures and other operational issues. All 
expenses incurred by Franchisee in attending such program including, but not limited to, travel 
costs, room and board expenses and employees’ salaries, shall be the sole responsibility of 
Franchisee.  Franchisee shall be responsible for training its management and other employees.   
8.2 
Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee. In exchange for the Real Estate and Facility 
Coordination Fee, Franchisor shall provide the following assistance, to the extent Franchisor 
deems reasonable: (i) assist Franchisee in selecting real estate broker, (ii) review of property 
options, (iii) make one visit to Franchisee (at Franchisor’s expense) to review potential sites, (iv) 
review of a letter of intent, (v) advise regarding school layout and configuration, and/or (vi) other 
assistance in Franchisor’s discretion.  Franchisor’s assistance and advice shall not give rise to any 
liability on the part of Franchisor.  Neither Franchisor’s assistance nor acceptance is intended to 
indicate or indicates that the Franchised Business will be profitable or successful at the Accepted 
Location.   
8.3 
Additional Training & Opening Support Assistance. Additionally, in conjunction with 
the beginning of operations, Franchisor may make available to Franchisee, at Franchisor’s 
expense, Franchisor’s representatives to provide support and training. Franchisee is responsible 
for all of its and its representatives’ expenses during such additional training and support.   
8.4 
Failure to Complete Initial Training Program. If Franchisor determines that the owner 
or School Administrator is unable to satisfactorily complete the training program described above, 
