EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
§21 
Relationship and Indemnification 
21.1 
Relationship. This Agreement is purely a contractual relationship between the parties and 
does not appoint or make Franchisee an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, partner, 
employee, servant or independent contractor of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever.  
Franchisee may not represent or imply to third parties that Franchisee is an agent of Franchisor, 
and Franchisee is in no way authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty or 
representation on behalf of Franchisor, or to create any obligation, express or implied, on 
Franchisor’s behalf.  During the Initial Term and any Renewal Term, Franchisee shall hold itself 
out to the public only as a franchisee and an owner of the Franchised Business operating the 
Franchised Business pursuant to a franchise from Franchisor.  Franchisee shall take such 
affirmative action as may be necessary to do so including, without limitation, exhibiting a notice 
of that fact in a conspicuous place on the Accepted Location and on all forms, stationery or other 
written materials, the content of which Franchisor has the right to specify.  Under no circumstances 
shall Franchisor be liable for any act, omission, contract, debt, nor any other obligation of 
Franchisee.  Franchisor shall in no way be responsible for any injuries to persons or property 
resulting from the operation of the Franchised Business.  Any third party contractors and suppliers 
retained by Franchisee to convert or construct the premises are independent contractors of 
Franchisee alone. 
21.2 
Standard of Care. This Agreement does not establish a fiduciary relationship between the 
parties.  Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement with respect to certain issues, 
whenever this Agreement requires Franchisee to obtain Franchisor’s written consent or permits 
Franchisee to take any action or refrain from taking any action, Franchisor is free to act in its own 
self-interest without any obligation to act reasonably, to consider the impact on Franchisee or to 
act subject to any other standard of care limiting Franchisor’s right, except as may be provided by 
statute or regulation. No covenant of good faith and fair dealing shall be implied into this 
Agreement, except that if applicable law shall imply such a covenant in this Agreement, Franchisor 
and Franchisee agree that such covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are 
inconsistent with a fair construction of the terms of this Agreement.  Additionally, if applicable 
law shall imply such a covenant, Franchisee acknowledges that (a) this Agreement grants 
Franchisor the discretion to make decisions, take actions, and refrain from taking actions not 
inconsistent with Franchisor’s explicit rights and obligations hereunder that may favorably or 
adversely affect Franchisee’s interests; (b) Franchisor will use its judgment in exercising such 
discretion based on Franchisor’s assessment of its own interests and balancing those interests 
against the interests of Franchisee and other franchisees within the network of franchisees 
generally; (c) Franchisor will have no liability to Franchisee for the exercise of its discretion, so 
long as such discretion is not exercised in bad faith toward Franchisee; and (d) in absence of such 
bad faith, no trier of fact in any legal action shall substitute its judgment for Franchisor’s judgment 
so exercised.   
21.3 
Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Franchisee, its owners, and its 
guarantors (“Franchisee Indemnifying Parties”) shall, at their sole cost and expense, hold harmless 
and indemnify Franchisor, any Affiliate, and their respective officers, directors, executives, 
managers, members, shareholders, partners, owners, equity holders, employees, representatives, 
attorneys, accountants, guarantors, agents, successors and assigns (collectively “Franchisor 
