EXHIBIT B TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, MULTI-UNIT 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, AND DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Each provision of this Minnesota addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect 
to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota law are met independently without 
reference to this addendum. Each provision of this Minnesota addendum shall be enforceable only 
to the extent required by applicable Minnesota franchise law. 
 
Disclosure Document: 
 
1. 
Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document can 
abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your 
rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. This shall 
not limit our right to hold mediation or arbitration outside of Minnesota.  
 
2. 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C.14, Suds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 
90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the 
Agreement.   
 
3. 
Item 13 is revised to include the following language:   
 
“To the extent required by Minnesota law, we will protect your rights to use the trademarks, 
service marks, trade names, logo types or other commercial symbols related to the trademarks or 
indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding 
the use of the trademarks, provided you are using the names and marks in accordance with the 
Franchise Agreement.” 
 
4. 
Items 17(c) and 17(m) are revised to provide that we cannot require you to sign a 
release of claims under the Minnesota Franchises act as a condition to renewal or assignment, to 
the extent required by Minnesota law.   
 
5. 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, we are prohibited from requiring you to 
assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability 
imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not 
bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.   
 
6.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
