 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
terms offered by each third party. In formulating the amount required for additional funds, we 
relied on the following factors, basis, and experience: the development of Ivybrook Academy 
Schools by our affiliates and franchisees, and our general knowledge of the industry. 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
MULTI UNIT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
Type of expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
payment 
When due 
To whom 
payment is to 
be made 
Additional initial franchise 
fees
$35,000 
-
$60,000 
Check or 
wire transfer
Upon signing 
the MUDA
Us 
Total 
$35,000 
-
$60,000 
 
This Table reflects the fees payable at the execution of a Multi-Unit Development Agreement for 
two or three franchises. The franchise fee is $35,000 for your second school and $25,000 for your 
third school. Additionally, you will pay the $10,000 Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee and 
the $15,000 Training & Opening Support Fee for each additional school when you sign the 
franchise agreement for the additional school. The above fees are in addition to the initial 
investment required to establish each school as shown in the first Item 7 Table.  
 
Item 8: Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services. 
 
We may require you to purchase or lease all goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, 
computer hardware and software, real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating 
your business (a) from us, our affiliate, or our designee, (b) suppliers approved by us, or (c) according 
to our specifications.   
 
We reserve the right to designate ourselves or our affiliates as the exclusive suppliers of any good or 
service that you must purchase. We issue specifications and standards to you for applicable aspects 
of the franchise in our Confidential Brand Standards Manual and/or in written directives.  We may 
issue new specifications and standards for any aspect of our brand system, or modify existing 
specifications and standards, at any time by revising our Confidential Brand Standards Manual 
and/or issuing new written directives (which may be communicated to you by any method we 
choose). Currently we do not issue specifications directly to suppliers. 
 
Currently, the items below are our specific obligations for your purchases and leases.  
 
(i) 
Real Estate. You may lease or purchase the real estate for the School, but we 
anticipate that you will most likely lease it. Your business location is subject to our acceptance and 
must meet our specifications. It is your responsibility to select your own location. You must obtain 
our acceptance of the lease or purchase agreement. We have the right to require you and your 
landlord to provide in the lease that we shall have the right at our option and without compensation 
to you to take assignment of the lease should you materially default under the lease or should your 
franchise terminate or not be renewed for any reason.  Similarly, you must have your landlord 
execute the lease rider attached hereto as Schedule 3 to the franchise agreement. You are not allowed 
to relocate the business premises without our prior written approval.   
