EXHIBIT G TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
GENERAL RELEASE 
 
[SAMPLE OF GENERAL RELEASE APPLICABLE UPON TRANSFER OR 
GRANTING OF SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE. NOT FOR EXECUTION WITH THE 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT] 
 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by 
all parties, the parties agree and covenant to fully and mutually release the other as follows: 
1. 
Franchisee and its successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, agents, assigns, partners, shareholders, members, officers, directors, principals, 
employees and affiliated parties (collectively, the “Franchisee Parties”) do hereby release and 
forever discharge Franchisor, its successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, agents, assigns, partners, shareholders, members, officers, directors, principals, 
employees and affiliated parties (collectively, the “Franchisor Parties”) from any and all claims, 
demands, damages, actions, causes of action, or suits of any kind or nature whatsoever, both known 
and unknown, including, without limitation: (a) arising out of or related to the Franchisor Parties’ 
obligations under the franchise agreement or (b) otherwise arising from or related to the Franchisee 
Parties’ relationship, from the beginning of time to the date of Franchisee’s signature below, with 
any of the Franchisor Parties. 
2. 
Franchisee, on its own behalf and on behalf of the other Franchisee Parties, further 
covenant not to sue any of the Franchisor Parties on any of the claims released by the preceding 
paragraph and represent that Franchisee has not assigned any such claims released by the preceding 
paragraph to any individual or entity who is not bound by this Release.  It is understood and agreed 
that this Release is not to be construed as an admission of liability with respect to the Franchisor 
Parties. 
3. 
The consideration expressly mentioned herein is the only consideration paid or to 
be paid by said parties hereby released.  The parties acknowledge that no other party, or agent, or 
attorney of any other party, has made any promise, or representation or warranty to induce this 
Release, not herein expressly set forth, and no such promises, representations or warranties are 
consideration for this Release, or otherwise, but any and all of the parties’ respective claims, of 
whatever nature are hereby fully and forever released, compromised and settled.  Full and complete 
compromise, settlement, and accord and satisfaction are hereby acknowledged, and it is expressly 
agreed by the undersigned parties never to sue any of the other parties hereby released on any 
alleged promise, representation or warranty for this Release not herein expressly set forth. 
4. 
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the 
parties as to the matters specified herein and supersedes and replaces all agreements on this subject 
matter, whether written or oral.  The terms contained herein may not be modified or amended 
except in writing signed by the parties.  The terms of this Release are contractual and not a mere 
recital. 
5. 
The undersigned further state that they have carefully read the foregoing 
instrument; that they know the contents thereof; that they understand and agree to each and every 
