 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
Item 1: The Franchisor, and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates.   
 
The Franchisor. To simplify the language, this disclosure document uses “we,” “us” or “our” to 
mean IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC, the franchisor.  “You” or “your” means the individual, 
corporation, or other entity that buys an Ivybrook Academy franchise. We are a North Carolina 
limited liability company formed under the name “IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC” on March 
26, 2015. Our principal business address and registered agent address is 9801 Suzanne Court, 
Weddington, NC 28173. We currently use the name “Ivybrook Academy” to conduct business.  
Use of the term “affiliate” means an entity’s subsidiary or parent and an entity controlled by, 
controlling, or under common control with, another entity. 
 
Our sole business since inception is selling Ivybrook Academy franchises and providing training 
and other goods and services to Ivybrook Academy franchisees (each a “Franchised Business”).  
We began selling Ivybrook Academy franchises in 2015.  We are not currently engaged in any 
other business activities and have never offered franchises in any other line of business.  We have 
never operated an Ivybrook Academy location, although affiliates of ours do.  
 
Exhibit E identifies the names and addresses of our agents for service of process in certain states 
that require we appoint them upon our registration there. 
 
Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates. We do not have any predecessors. 
 
On August 29, 2025, Ivybrook OpCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly 
owned subsidiary of Ivybrook HoldCo, LLC (“HoldCo”), which, in turn, is a Delaware limited 
liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Crux I Ivybrook (Aggregator), LP (“Crux”), a 
Delaware limited partnership, acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in 
Ivybrook Franchising, LLC and in our affiliates, McWilliams Education Services, LLC, a North 
Carolina limited liability company, and Catapult Industries, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability 
company (“Catapult”).   OpCo was formed was formed on August 15, 2025. Each of Catapult and 
McWilliams Education Services, LLC share our principal business address.  The principal business 
address for Crux is 3838 Oak Lawn Ave # 1500, Dallas, TX 75219.  None of Crux, HoldCo or 
OpCo offer or have ever offered franchises in this line of business and do not provide products or 
services to our franchisees. Our founders, Drew and Jennifer McWilliams are owners in HoldCo 
through their limited liability company, McWilliams IvyBrook Holdings, LLC, which was formed 
on August 21, 2025, in the State of North Carolina.  
 
Our affiliate, McWilliams Education Services, LLC, was formed July 27, 2007 in the State of 
North Carolina. McWilliams Education Services, LLC has as its principal place of business 9801 
Suzanne Court, Weddington, NC 28173. McWilliams Education Services, LLC has operated an 
Ivybrook Academy location since 2007 in Weddington, NC. McWilliams Education Services, 
LLC does not offer and has never offered franchises in this or any line of business. It does not 
provide products or services to our franchisees. 
 
Our affiliate Catapult was formed October 25, 2019 in the State of Virginia, and has as its principal 
place of business 1029 Ranchero Road, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23456. Catapult does not operate 
a business of the type being offered nor offer franchises in this or any line of business. Catapult 
