EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
law as in effect at the relevant time. References to a governmental agency also refer to any 
regulatory body that succeeds the function of such agency. 
23.2 
Consent to Jurisdiction. Any Action, except those claims required to be submitted to 
mediation and then arbitration, shall only be brought in the appropriate state or Federal courts 
located in or serving the city of Franchisor’s then-current place of business (currently, Charlotte, 
North Carolina). The parties waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purposes 
of carrying out this provision. Claims for injunctive relief may be brought by Franchisor where 
Franchisee is located.  This exclusive choice of jurisdiction and venue provision shall not restrict 
the ability of the parties to confirm or enforce judgments or arbitration awards in any appropriate 
jurisdiction.   
23.3 
Cumulative Rights and Remedies. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to 
Franchisor or Franchisee by this Agreement is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive of 
any other right or remedy herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each shall be in 
addition to every other right or remedy.  
23.4 
Limitation of Damages. Franchisee and Franchisor each waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, any right or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other and 
agree that if there is a dispute with the other, each will be limited to the recovery of actual damages 
sustained by it including reasonable accounting and legal fees as provided in Section 22.3.  
Franchisee waives and disclaims any right to consequential damages in any Action.  In any Action 
brought by Franchisee (or its owners or Affiliates), Franchisee’s (or its owners’ and Affiliates’) 
contract damages shall not exceed and shall be limited to refund of Franchisee’s Franchise Fee and 
Royalty Fees. Any and all Actions brought by Franchisee against Franchisor, shall be commenced 
within one (1) year from the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such claim or action, or such 
Action shall be barred. 
23.5 
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any Action that may arise 
is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues. Therefore, Franchisee (and Franchisee’s 
owners and Affiliates) and Franchisor (and its Affiliates) each irrevocably waive trial by jury in 
any Action.   
23.6 
Mediation; Arbitration. 
23.6.1 Before Franchisee (or any of its owners or Affiliates) and Franchisor (or its 
Affiliates) may bring an Action against the other, the parties must first meet to mediate the dispute 
(except as otherwise provided below). Any such mediation shall be non-binding. Mediation shall 
be (i) conducted by a mediator mutually agreeable to the parties who has franchise law experience, 
(ii) conducted in accordance with the American Arbitration Association rules for mediation of 
commercial disputes and (iii) held in the city of Franchisor’s then-current principal place of 
business (currently Charlotte, North Carolina). Nevertheless, the parties may mutually agree on a 
mediator, venue, and/or procedures for mediation. The mediation shall be commenced by the party 
requesting mediation (“complainant”) providing written notice of the request for mediation 
(“request”) to the party with whom mediation is sought (“respondent”). The request shall specify 
with reasonable particularity the matter or matters on which mediation is sought. A copy of the 
request shall be given by the complainant simultaneously to Franchisor if Franchisor is not a 
