EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
complainant or respondent. Mediation commenced under this Section 23.6.1 shall be concluded 
within 60 days of the issuance of the request or such longer period as may be agreed upon by the 
parties in writing. All aspects of the mediation process shall be treated as confidential, shall not be 
disclosed to others, and shall not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding or legal action 
whatever.  Complainant and respondent shall each bear its own costs of mediation, and each shall 
bear one-half the cost of the mediator or mediation service. 
23.6.2 Therefore, the parties agree that, to the extent that any disputes cannot be resolved 
directly and following compliance with the applicable mediation requirements set forth in Section 
23.6.1 above, any Action shall upon 30 days’ written notice by either party be resolved, except as 
elsewhere expressly provided in this Agreement, upon application by any such party by binding 
arbitration in Franchisor’s then-current principal place of business (currently, Charlotte, North 
Carolina), in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act under the Commercial Arbitration Rules 
then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association, including without limitation the Optional 
Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection (“AAA”), though not required to be administered by 
the AAA, and not under any state arbitration laws, and judgment on the arbitration award may be 
entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that arbitration shall be conducted 
on an individual—not a class-wide— basis. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to all 
arbitration and arbitration venue questions. Any award by the arbitrator(s) shall be final, binding 
and nonappealable. The matter shall be heard by one (1) arbitrator mutually selected by the parties 
who shall have at least ten (10) years’ experience in practicing franchise law during which 
franchise law is or has been their primary area of practice and shall have substantial experience in 
the preparation of franchise agreements and franchise disclosure documents. Franchisee (and its 
owners, Affiliates, and guarantors) that by agreeing to arbitrate they give up jury and appeal and 
other rights they might have in court.   
23.6.3 Franchisee acknowledges that it has read the terms of this binding arbitration 
provision and affirms that this provision is entered into willingly and voluntarily and without any 
fraud, duress or undue influence on the part of Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s agents or 
employees. 
23.7 
Injunctive Relief. Nothing contained herein shall bar Franchisor’s right to obtain 
injunctive relief against threatened conduct that may cause it loss or damages, including obtaining 
restraining orders and preliminary and permanent injunctions. Notwithstanding the provisions of 
Section 23.6 above, Franchisee agrees that Franchisor and its affiliates, at their option, will have 
the right to immediately (without first seeking medication or arbitration) seek preliminary 
injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, to restrain any conduct by Franchisee, its 
owners, its affiliates, and its guarantors that (i) could materially damage the good will associated 
with the System, the Marks, and the network of Ivybrook Academy businesses (including but not 
limited to conduct related to trademark or other intellectual property infringement), (ii) that 
involves the disclosure or use of Franchisor’s Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, (iii) that 
relates to Franchisee’s, and its owners or managerial employee’s covenants against unfair 
competition and solicitation, or (iv) relates to the restrictions of Sections 6, 7, and 17, as these 
types of breaches would result in irreparable injury to Franchisor. If Franchisee, its owners, its 
affiliates, and guarantors, as they may, by initiating arbitration, Franchisor and its affiliates agree 
to arbitrate the entire dispute thereafter except preliminary injunctive relief (and permanent 
