EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
at all times give prompt, courteous and efficient service to customers of the Franchised Business.  
The Franchised Business shall in all dealings with its customers, suppliers and the general public, 
adhere to the highest standards of honesty, fair dealing and ethical conduct. If Franchisor deems 
that Franchisee did not fairly handle a customer complaint, Franchisor has the right (in addition to 
all other rights and remedies of Franchisor) to intervene and satisfy the customer.  Franchisee shall 
reimburse Franchisor for all costs incurred by Franchisor in servicing a customer of the Franchised 
Business pursuant to this Section.  
13.10 Industry Memberships and Certifications. Franchisee shall be a member of all child-
care and preschool organizations designated by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee shall 
obtain all certifications and approvals from such organizations as Franchisee may require from 
time to time.  As of the date of this Agreement, Franchisor requires that the Franchised Business 
(i) be a member of NAEYC (National Association for the Education of Young Children) and be 
accredited by NAEYC at the earliest possible date, and (ii) be a member of NAREA (North 
American Reggio Emilia Alliance). 
 
13.11 Teachers and Other Employees. 
 
13.11.1 
Franchisee shall ensure that all teachers and other employees have any 
particular credentials or certifications required by applicable law and/or by Franchisor.  Franchisee 
shall ensure that all teachers and other employees pass any background checks required by 
applicable law and/or by Franchisor. 
13.11.2 
Franchisor may set minimum qualifications and standards for teachers and 
other categories of employees employed by (or independent contractors engaged by) Franchisee.  
Franchisee shall ensure that all teachers and other employees and contractors satisfy any such 
qualifications and standards stated in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or otherwise. 
13.11.3 
Franchisee shall abide by any uniform or dress code requirements, and any 
other standards of personal appearance, stated in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or 
otherwise.  Uniforms, if required, must be purchased from an Approved Supplier. 
13.11.4 
Franchisee is solely responsible for the terms and conditions of employment 
of all of its personnel, including recruiting, hiring, training, scheduling, hours of work, discipline, 
workplace health and safety, assignment, work rules and directions governing the manner, means, 
or methods of work performance, supervising, compensation, and termination. Franchisee is solely 
responsible for all actions of its personnel.  Franchisee and Franchisor are not joint employers, and 
no employee of Franchisee will be an agent or employee of Franchisor. Franchisee is solely 
responsible for performing all administrative functions at the Franchised Business, including 
payroll and providing workers’ compensation insurance. Franchisee acknowledges that it is not 
economically dependent on Franchisor, and that Franchisor does not provide facilities, equipment, 
housing or transportation for Franchisee’s employees or provide to Franchisee’s employees tools 
or materials required for Franchisee’s employees to perform services for Franchisee.  Franchisee 
shall comply with all employment laws and regulations.   
13.11.5 
Franchisor is authorized to conduct background checks on any employees 
or prospective employees of Franchisee. 
