EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
exercise of his or her rights under the Privacy Laws. If any person contacts Franchisee seeking to 
exercise any right under law pertaining to Personal Information, Franchisee shall comply with such 
request in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including the Data Protection and Security 
Policies, the Manual, the Privacy Laws, and as otherwise instructed by Franchisor. If requested by 
Franchisor, Franchisee must cooperate or coordinate with Franchisor to provide information about 
the way that Franchisee has collected, used, stored, processed, and shared Personal Information.  
13.18.8 
Franchisee warrants and represents and covenants that it shall not collect, 
use, store, process, or share Personal Information unless such action is permitted by (i) the terms 
of this Agreement, (ii) the terms of the Data Protection and Security Policies, (iii) the standards in 
the Manual, (iv) Privacy Laws, and if, applicable, (v) written approval of Franchisor. Franchisee 
shall collect, use, store, process, and share Personal Information only for purposes of operating the 
Franchised Business. Franchisee shall not sell Personal Information. Franchisee shall not re-
identify any Personal Information that has been de-identified. If Franchisee engages any supplier 
that will collect, use, store, process, or share Personal Information, Franchisee must contractually 
bind the supplier to the data protection obligations that Franchisor requires. 
13.19 Technology 
13.19.1 
Franchisee, at its expense, shall purchase or lease and thereafter maintain 
such computer hardware and software, mobile application(s), cloud-based systems and/or 
software, smartphone(s), tablet, broadband high-speed internet service, active e-mail account, 
required dedicated telephone and power lines, modem(s) printer(s), point-of-sale systems, 
scheduling systems, robotics, automation, and other computer-related accessories or peripheral 
equipment as Franchisor specifies (“Technology”).  Franchisor’s requirements for the Technology 
will be updated from time to time as deemed necessary by Franchisor in accordance with changing 
technology and industry standards and may include the requirement to purchase or lease new 
Technology. Franchisee must periodically update, as required by the Franchisor and/or the 
Technology’s suppliers, all Technology solely at the Franchisee’s expense. Franchisee may be 
required to license proprietary Technology directly from Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates. 
Franchisee may be required to enter into license agreement(s) with Franchisor or other suppliers 
to provide all or part of the Technology. Franchisor and its agents shall have the right to access all 
information related to the operation of the Franchised Business that is accessed or stored on the 
Technology, whether in-person or from a remote location, without the need for Franchisee’s 
consent, at the times and in the manner prescribed by Franchisor, which may be unlimited, remote, 
24/7 access.  Franchisor may use data from the Technology in any way it deems fit.  
13.19.2 
Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to connect to its computer or 
wireless system.  If required, Franchisee shall provide such assistance as may be required to 
connect its Technology with Franchisor’s computer or wireless system.  Franchisor shall thereafter 
have the right from time to time and at any time to retrieve and use for any purpose such data and 
information from Franchisee’s Technology, or from any third party or Franchisor-provided 
Technology as Franchisor, in its sole and exclusive discretion, deems necessary or desirable.  In 
view of the contemplated interconnection of Technology and the necessity that such systems be 
compatible with each other, Franchisee expressly agrees that it will strictly comply with 
Franchisor’s standards and specifications for all item(s) associated with Franchisee’s Technology.  
