EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
15.1.1.3 
comprehensive general liability insurance against claims for bodily and 
personal injury, death and property damage caused by, or occurring in conjunction with, the 
operation of the Franchised Business, or Franchisee’s conduct of business pursuant to this 
Agreement, with a minimum liability coverage of $2,000,000 per occurrence or, if higher, the 
statutory minimum limit required by state law; 
15.1.1.4 
such insurance as necessary to provide coverage under the indemnity 
provisions set forth in Section 21.3. 
15.2 
Future Increases. Franchisor has the right to reasonably increase the minimum liability 
protection requirement annually and require different or additional insurance coverage(s) to reflect 
inflation, changes in standards of liability, future damage awards or other relevant changes in 
circumstances. 
15.3 
Carrier Standards and other Requirements. Such policies shall be written by an 
insurance company licensed in the state in which Franchisee operates and having at least an “A” 
Rating Classification as indicated in the latest issue of A.M.  Best’s Key Rating Guide.  Although 
A.M.  Best groups “A” and “A-” in the same classification, Franchisor demands an “A” rating. All 
policies of insurance required to be maintained hereunder shall: (i) be written as primary policy 
coverage and not “excess over” or contributory with any other applicable insurance, including 
Franchisor’s insurance; (ii) shall apply separately to each insured against whom claim is made or 
suit is brought, except with respect to the limits of the insurer(s)’ liability; (iii) shall not contain 
any special limitations on the scope of coverage afforded to Franchisor; (iv) shall provide that any 
failure by Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s employees, agents, subcontractors, or suppliers, to 
comply with any notice, reporting, or other similar provisions of such policies shall not affect the 
coverage provided to Franchisor.   
15.4 
Evidence of Coverage.  Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing 
policies shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by 
Franchisor, nor shall Franchisee’s performance of this obligation relieve it of liability under the 
indemnity provisions set forth in Section 21.3.  Franchisee shall provide, annually, certificates of 
insurance showing compliance with the foregoing requirements.  Such certificates shall state that 
said policy or policies shall not be canceled or altered without at least 30 days’ prior written notice 
to Franchisor and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums. 
15.5 
Failure to Maintain Coverage. Should Franchisee not procure and maintain insurance 
coverage as required by this Agreement, Franchisor has the right (but not the obligation) to 
immediately procure such insurance coverage and to charge the premiums to Franchisee, which 
charges, together with a reasonable fee for expenses incurred by Franchisor in connection with 
such procurement, shall be payable by Franchisee immediately upon notice. 
§16 
Default and Termination 
16.1 
Termination by Franchisee. If Franchisor fails to perform any material obligation 
imposed upon it by this Agreement, and such failure is not cured within 90 days after Franchisee 
delivers written notice of such failure to Franchisor, then, provided Franchisee is otherwise 
compliant with Franchisee’s obligation under this Agreement and any other agreement with 
