EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
§19 
Right of First Refusal 
19.1 
Submission of Offer. If Franchisee, or any of its owners, proposes to sell or otherwise 
transfer (including a transfer by death or Incapacity pursuant to Section 18.6) the Franchised 
Business (or any of its assets outside of the normal course of business), any ownership interest in 
Franchisee or any ownership interest in the Franchise granted hereunder, Franchisee shall obtain 
and deliver a bona fide, executed written offer or proposal to purchase, along with all pertinent 
documents including any contract or due diligence materials, to Franchisor, except with regards to 
a sale or transfer to an immediate family member. The offer must apply only to an approved sale 
of the assets or interests listed above and may not include any other property or rights of Franchisee 
or any of its owners. Franchisor has the unrestricted right to assign this option to purchase the 
assets or interests. 
19.2 
Franchisor’s Right to Purchase. Franchisor shall, for 30 days from the date of delivery 
of all such documents, have the right, exercisable by written notice to Franchisee, to purchase the 
offered assets or interest for the price and on the same terms and conditions contained in such offer 
communicated to Franchisee.  Franchisor has the right to substitute cash for the fair market value 
of any form of payment proposed in such offer.  Franchisor’s credit shall be deemed at least equal 
to the credit of any proposed buyer.  During said 30-day period, Franchisor shall have the right to 
inspect all Franchisee’s books and records relating to the Franchised Business, specifically 
including all financial records and statements for the three full fiscal years preceding the date on 
which the 30-day right of first refusal commences. After providing notice to Franchisee of 
Franchisor’s intent to exercise this right of first refusal, Franchisor shall have up to 60 days to 
close the purchase. Franchisor shall be entitled to receive from Franchisee all customary 
representations and warranties given by Franchisee as the seller of the assets or such ownership 
interest or, at Franchisor’s election, such representations and warranties contained in the proposal.  
19.3 
Non-Exercise of Right of First Refusal. If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first 
refusal within 30 days from the date of delivery of all such documents, the offer or proposal may 
be accepted by Franchisee or any of its owners, subject to Franchisor’s prior written approval as 
required by Section 18.2.  Should the sale fail to close within 180 days after the offer is delivered 
to Franchisor, Franchisor’s right of first refusal shall renew and be implemented in accordance 
with this Section. 
19.4 
Sales or Transfers to Immediate Family Excepted. If Franchisee, or any of its owners, 
proposes to sell or otherwise transfer the Franchised Business (or any of its assets outside of the 
normal course of business), any ownership interest in Franchisee or any ownership interest in the 
Franchise granted hereunder to a member of Franchisee’s (or its owners’) immediate family, then 
the terms and conditions of this Section 19 shall be inapplicable.  Nothing in this Section 19.4 shall 
be construed to relieve Franchisee from full compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 
18.2 prior to a sale or transfer to immediate family pursuant to this Section. 
§20 
Beneficial Owners of Franchisee. Franchisee represents, and Franchisor enters into this 
Agreement in reliance upon such representation, that the individuals identified in Schedule 2 are 
the sole holders of a legal or beneficial interest (in the stated percentages) of Franchisee. 
 
