EXHIBIT C TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
5. 
Default and Termination.  Franchisor may terminate this MUDA by giving notice 
to Franchisee, without opportunity to cure, if any of the following occur: 
(i) 
Franchisee fails to satisfy the development schedule; or 
(ii) 
Franchisor has the right to terminate any franchise agreement between 
Franchisor and Franchisee (or any affiliate thereof) due to Franchisee’s 
default thereunder (whether or not Franchisor actually terminates such 
franchise agreement). 
 
6. 
Limitation of Liability.  Franchisee’s commitment to develop Ivybrook Academy 
businesses is in the nature of an option only.  If Franchisor terminates this MUDA for Franchisee’s 
default, Franchisee shall not be liable to Franchisor for lost future revenues or profits from the 
unopened Ivybrook Academy businesses. 
 
7. 
Conditions.  Franchisee’s right to develop each Ivybrook Academy franchise after 
School #1 is subject to the following: 
(i) 
Franchisee must possess sufficient financial and organizational capacity to 
develop, open, operate, and manage each additional Ivybrook Academy 
business, in the reasonable judgment of Franchisor, and 
(ii) 
Franchisee must be in full compliance with all brand requirements at its 
open Ivybrook Academy businesses, and not in default under any Franchise 
Agreement or any other agreement with Franchisor. 
 
8. 
Dispute Resolution; Miscellaneous. The laws of the State of North Carolina 
(without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of law) govern all adversarial proceedings 
between the parties.  Franchisee shall not Transfer this MUDA without the prior written consent 
of Franchisor, and any Transfer without Franchisor’s prior written consent shall be void.  The 
provisions of Article 22 (General Conditions and Provisions) and Article 23 (Dispute Resolution) 
of the Franchise Agreement apply to and are incorporated into this MUDA as if fully set forth 
herein. 
[Signatures on Next Page] 
 
