 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
The curriculum and other trainings will be conducted approximately 2 months before the opening 
of the School and will be held at our school in Charlotte, North Carolina or via the online learning 
portal.  (Section 8.1) Prior to opening, an owner and another person, either a staff representative 
or your School Administrator, must complete two weeks of in-person training at a School that is 
approved to be a training facility. 
 
We will schedule initial training programs in accordance with the needs of new franchisees.  We 
anticipate holding training programs once per quarter in 2024. The training materials include the 
online materials, presentations, the Confidential Brand Standards Manual and related written 
materials.  The training program is led by Daniela McElhaney and Katherine Bell. Each has over 
15 years of experience with the Ivybrook Academy brand and over 20 years of experience in the 
child education industry.  
 
You will pay us the Training and Opening Support Fee of $15,000 which includes the cost of the 
initial training program. Additionally, you must pay for all travel costs and living expenses for any 
attendees.  (Section 8.1) 
 
At least one owner and your School Administrator must satisfactorily complete the initial training 
program before we will approve an opening date for the School.  (Section 8.1) 
 
Periodically, your Chief Executive Officer or School Administrator or other of your employees 
must attend refresher-training programs to be conducted at our headquarters or another location 
we designate.  Attendance at these programs will be at your expense.  (Section 8.6) 
 
Additionally, we may provide on-site assistance at your location prior to your grand opening. We 
generally come the full week before your grand opening, but reserve the right to change the number 
of days we come, if at all. 
 
Online Presence. We may maintain a website in order to promote the Marks, or any or all of the 
Schools within the System. We may also develop and maintain any other type of online, internet, 
virtual, or digital presence (each an “Online Presence”) as we see fit. An Online Presence includes 
but is not limited to (1) the website, other webpages, or domain names; (2) accounts, pages, or 
profiles on social media sites; social networking sites; news sites and groups; online, internet, or 
digital directories; video, photography, and messaging services; blogs; or forums; (3) e-commerce 
sites or accounts; (4) digital or online advertising and marketing content and services; (5) mobile 
applications; (6) virtual reality platforms; (7) identifiers of an Online Presence; or (8) a presence 
on any other type of online, internet, or digital tool, good, or service that may be developed. We 
will have the sole right to control all aspects of each Online Presence, including its design, content, 
functionality, links to any other Online Presence, legal notices, and policies and terms of usage. 
We will also have the right to discontinue operation of any Online Presence at any time without 
notice to you. You may not establish or operate an Online Presence (including a website, webpage, 
domain name, Internet address, social media account, blog, forum, advertisement, e-commerce 
site, or email address) that in any way concerns, discusses or alludes to us, the System or your 
School without our written consent. The Marks may not be used as part of, in conjunction with, to 
establish, or to operate any Online Presence, except as specifically approved by us. You may not 
post, and must take such steps as necessary to ensure that your employees do not post any 
