 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC 
North Carolina limited liability company 
9801 Suzanne Court 
Weddington, NC 28173 
877-550-1234 
drew@ivybrookacademy.com 
www.IvybrookAcademy.com 
 
 
 
The franchise offered is a comprehensive preschool. The main activity of the company is to provide an 
exceptional children’s preschool environment through curriculum, involvement and learning environment.  
What distinguishes Ivybrook Academy is that it caters to families looking for a half day preschool 
opportunity for learning, enrichment, and socialization without having to place their child in a childcare 
establishment. The franchisee will have the option to offer private kindergarten classes as well. Franchisor, 
IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC, provides services to franchisees including assistance with training, 
operations, advertising, purchasing and promotional techniques. 
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of an Ivybrook Academy franchise is $540,700 to 
$869,860. This includes $82,500 that must be paid to the Franchisor or an affiliate. In addition, if you are 
qualified and choose to sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, which would grant you rights to open 
two or three Ivybrook Academy franchises within a defined geographical area and in accordance with a 
development schedule, you will pay us the initial franchise fees for your second school and, as applicable, 
third school at the time you sign the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. The total investment necessary 
to begin operation of your first Ivybrook Academy franchise under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
is $575,700 to $929,860. This includes $117,500 that must be paid to the Franchisor or an affiliate. 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  
You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a binding agreement 
with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  
Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the disclosure document 
alone to understand your contract. Read your entire contract carefully. Show your contract and this 
disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help you 
make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as ‘‘A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a 
Franchise,’’ which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the 
Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTCHELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home page at 
www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources 
of information on franchising. 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
Issuance date:  March 28, 2025 (As Amended September 15, 2025)
