EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
ALTERATIONS AND RENOVATIONS REQUIRED BY FRANCHISOR MAY INVOLVE 
SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT BY FRANCHISEE DURING THE INITIAL 
TERM OR RENEWAL TERM.  In the event of Franchisee’s delay, refusal, or failure to make 
repairs or modifications to the Franchised Business as specified by this Section 13.2, Franchisor 
or its agents may enter the Franchised Business, without further notice and without liability for 
trespass or other tort and with Franchisee’s complete cooperation, and remove, repair, and/or 
replace, at Franchisee’s expense, any items which do not conform to Franchisor’s then-current 
standards and specifications or which are not in conformity with Franchisee’s obligation to 
maintain the Franchised Business and the Franchised Business in the highest degree of repair and 
condition.  In addition to any and all other remedies that Franchisor may have in law or in equity, 
Franchisee shall reimburse Franchisor for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Franchisor in 
connection with any refurbishing work performed by Franchisor pursuant to this Section, plus an 
administrative fee of 10% of the total aggregate amount of expenses incurred by Franchisor.  The 
expense of such maintenance shall be borne by Franchisee and shall be in addition to any required 
System modifications, as described in Section 10.2. 
13.3 
Ownership and Management. 
13.3.1 Franchisee shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer (or similar title) as the executive 
primarily responsible for the Franchised Business, with decision-making authority on behalf of 
Franchisee.  If Franchisee is an individual, then Franchisee shall be the Chief Executive Officer.  
The Chief Executive Officer must have at least 10% ownership interest in Franchisee. The Chief 
Executive Officer does not have to serve as a day-to-day general manager or School Administrator, 
but must devote substantial time and attention to the Franchise Business. Therefore, the Chief 
Executive Officer must be present at the Franchised Business no less than 20 hours per week during 
its first year of operations, excluding vacation, sick leave, and similar absences. If the Chief 
Executive Officer dies, becomes Incapacitated, transfers his/her interest in Franchisee, or 
otherwise ceases to be the executive primarily responsible for the Franchised Business, Franchisee 
shall promptly designate a new Chief Executive Officer and shall comply with Franchisor’s 
training requirements for the Chief Executive Officer.  
13.3.2 Franchisee shall appoint a School Administrator who will during all operating 
hours provide personal “on premises” supervision of the Franchised Business.  The School 
Administrator and the Chief Executive Officer may be the same person. The School Administrator 
is required to devote sufficient efforts to the management of the day-to-day operation of the 
Franchised Business, which shall entail not less than 40 hours per week, excluding vacation, sick 
leave, and similar absences.  Franchisee shall keep Franchisor informed, in writing, at all times of 
the identity of its School Administrator.  Franchisee and the School Administrator must not engage 
in any business or other activities that will conflict with their obligations under this Agreement. 
13.4 
Days of Operation. Franchisee shall keep the Franchised Business open for business 
during normal business hours on the days specified in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual. 
13.5 
Contributions and Donations. In order to protect the Marks, Franchisee must obtain 
Franchisor’s prior written consent before making any contributions or donations of items, services 
or funds to any individual or entity, or provide any type of other benefit to any charitable, religious, 
