EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
13.12 Curricula, Classes, and Programs. 
13.12.1 
Franchisee must use the curricula designated by Franchisor.  Franchisor 
may revise, change, eliminate, or replace any curriculum, and Franchisee must promptly 
implement such revised, changed, or substitute curriculum at Franchisee’s own expense.  
Franchisee cannot vary any portion of the curriculum, or use a different source for any curriculum, 
without Franchisor’s prior written approval. 
13.12.2 
Franchisee must offer all classes and programs designated by Franchisor, 
including the “Discovery” (art) class. 
13.13 E-Mail. Franchisee shall, at all times and at Franchisee’s expense, maintain an e-mail 
address and account for communicating with Franchisor. Franchisee may change its e-mail address 
by giving written notice of such change of address to Franchisor.  If Franchisor provides email 
accounts and/or other communication systems to Franchisee, then Franchisee acknowledges that 
it has no expectation of privacy in the assigned email accounts and other communications systems 
and authorizes Franchisor to access such communications. 
13.14 Customer Evaluation and System Compliance Programs. Franchisee shall participate 
(at its own expense) in all programs required from time to time by Franchisor for obtaining 
customer evaluations and/or reviewing Franchisee’s compliance with the System, which may 
include (but are not limited to) a customer feedback system and parent survey programs.  
Franchisor shall share with Franchisee the results of these programs, as they pertain to the 
Franchised Business.  Franchisee must meet or exceed any minimum score requirements set by 
Franchisor for such programs. 
13.15 Best Efforts. Franchisee shall use its best efforts to promote and increase the sales and 
recognition of services offered through the Franchised Business.   
13.16 Copyrights and Patents. Franchisee acknowledges that as between Franchisee and 
Franchisor, any and all present or future copyrights or patents relating to the System or the 
Ivybrook Academy concept, including, but not limited to, curricula, lesson plans, the Confidential 
Brand Standards Manual, construction plans and specifications and marketing materials belong 
solely and exclusively to Franchisor. Franchisee has no interest in Franchisor’s copyrights and 
patents beyond the nonexclusive license granted in this Agreement. 
13.17 Customer and Other Data. Franchisee shall maintain a data set of the names, purchase 
and enrollment history, home addresses, e-mail addresses and telephone numbers of the customers 
and past customers who have provided such information to the Franchised Business, as well as a 
documentation about permissions or consent the customers may have granted Franchisee, the 
Franchised Business, Franchisor, or a supplier (“Customer List”).  Franchisee shall provide the 
Customer List to Franchisor upon request. Franchisee shall also use the Technology that 
Franchisor designates to create, store, maintain, and share the Customer List.  The Customer List 
shall be the property of Franchisor and Franchisor shall have the right to use the Customer List for 
any purposes, in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Franchisee shall not collect, use, process, store, 
share, or sell any information from the Customer List to or with any person or entity other than 
Franchisor without the express written consent of Franchisor. Franchisee shall not delete any 
