EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
a secure manner at the Accepted Location; if the Confidential Brand Standards Manual is in 
electronic form, Franchisee shall maintain the Confidential Brand Standards Manual in a 
password-protected file. Franchisee shall only grant authorized personnel access to the 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual or any key, combination or passwords needed for access to 
the Confidential Brand Standards Manual.  Franchisee shall not disclose, duplicate, or otherwise 
use any portion of the Confidential Brand Standards Manual in an unauthorized manner. 
§10 
Franchise System 
10.1 
Uniformity. Franchisee shall strictly comply, and shall cause the Franchised Business to 
strictly comply, with all requirements, specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules set 
forth in this Agreement, the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or other communications 
supplied to Franchisee by Franchisor. All references in this Agreement to requiring Franchisee’s 
compliance with the Agreement shall also be understood to require compliance with the 
Confidential Brand Standards Manual and other of Franchisor’s communications. Franchisor will 
make available to Franchisee from time to time all improvements and additions to the System to 
the same extent and in the same manner as they are made available to Ivybrook Academy 
franchisees generally. These improvements and modifications to the System may, but are not 
required, to include additional product and service offerings.   
10.2 
Modification of the System. Franchisor has the right, in its sole discretion, to change or 
modify the System from time to time including, without limitation, the adoption and use of new 
or modified Marks or copyrighted materials, curricula, teaching materials, computer hardware, 
software, equipment, inventory, supplies, or sales and marketing techniques. Franchisee shall 
accept and use any such changes in, or additions to, the System as if they were a part of this 
Agreement as of the Effective Date. Franchisee shall make such expenditures as such changes, 
additions or modifications in the System may reasonably require.  Franchisee shall, at its own cost 
and expense, promptly adopt and use only those parts of the System specified by Franchisor and 
shall promptly discontinue the use of those parts of the System which Franchisor directs are to be 
discontinued. Franchisee shall not change, modify or alter the System in any way, except as 
Franchisor directs. Nothing in this Agreement limits the frequency or cost of future changes to the 
System that Franchisor may require. Franchisee understands and agrees that Franchisor has no 
ability to identify with specificity the nature of these future general improvements or their expected 
cost and accepts the risk that future general improvements may be imposed that will require 
significant capital expenditures in an amount that is unknown on the Effective Date of this 
Agreement and that cannot be fully amortized over the period of time then remaining in the Initial 
Term. Any required expenditure for changes or upgrades to the System shall be in addition to 
expenditures for repairs and maintenance as required in Section 13.2. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Franchisee shall be required to make any and all improvements or modifications 
whenever such are required by law, regulation, agency decision or court order.  
10.3 
Variance. Franchisor has the right to vary standards or specifications for any franchisee 
based upon that particular franchisee’s qualifications, the peculiarities of the particular site or 
circumstances, the demographics of the territory, business potential, existing business practices or 
any other condition which Franchisor deems to be of importance to the successful operation of any 
