EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
IVYBROOK FRANCHISING, LLC  
Attn: Drew McWilliams & Jennifer McWilliams 
9801 Suzanne Court 
Weddington, NC  28173 
 
If intended for Franchisee, addressed to 
 
the notice address set forth in the Schedule 1, or,  
 
if Franchisee has opened its Franchised Business, the address of the Accepted 
Location of the Franchised Business, or 
 
in either case, to such other address as may have been designated by notice to the other party.  
 
Notice shall be deemed given and effective upon the first to occur of receipt, when proper delivery 
is refused, or two (2) calendar days after deposit in registered or certified U.S. Mail or with a 
nationally recognized overnight courier, as described above. Any notice that gives the sender 
evidence of delivery, rejected delivery, or delivery that is not possible because the recipient moved 
and left no forwarding address will be deemed to have been given at the date and time of receipt, 
rejected, and/or attempted delivery. 
 
Additionally, Franchisor may provide the notice described in this section by email or other 
electronic system to (a) the email address set forth on Schedule 1, (b) the email address Franchisor 
has approved or provided for Franchisee to use with the Franchised Business, or (c) another 
electronic account that Franchisor has approved or provided for Franchisee to use with the 
Franchised Business. Such email notices shall be deemed given and effective upon the day on 
which the email was sent, unless Franchisor receives notice of rejected delivery by the email 
account or other electronic account. 
 
22.3 
Cost of Enforcement or Defense. If Franchisor is required to enforce this Agreement in 
an Action, as that term us defined in Section 23.10, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
reimbursement of its costs, including reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees, in connection with 
such proceeding. 
22.4 
Unlimited Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations. All holders of a legal or beneficial 
interest in Franchisee and any such person’s spouse or domestic partner shall be required to 
execute, as of the date of this Agreement, the Unlimited Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, 
through which such holders agree to assume and discharge all of Franchisee’s obligations under 
this Agreement and to be personally liable hereunder for all of the same.  
22.5 
Approvals and Acceptance. Whenever this Agreement requires the prior approval, 
acceptance, or consent of Franchisor, Franchisee shall make a timely written request to Franchisor 
for such approval, acceptance, or consent and, except as otherwise provided herein, any approval, 
acceptance, or consent granted shall be effective only if in writing.  Franchisor makes no warranties 
or guarantees upon which Franchisee may rely, and assumes no liability or obligation to Franchisee 
