EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
order to protect persons, property, Franchisor’s reputation or the goodwill of others, Franchisor 
has the right to, at any time without notice, take such remedial or corrective actions as it deems 
expedient with respect to any action, suit, demand, claim, investigation or proceeding if, in 
Franchisor’s sole judgment, there are grounds to believe any of the acts or circumstances listed 
above have occurred.  If Franchisor’s exercise of its rights under this Section to take corrective or 
remedial action, causes any of Franchisee’s insurers to refuse to pay a third-party claim, all cause 
of action and legal remedies Franchisee might have against such insurer shall automatically be 
assigned to Franchisor without the need for any further action on either party’s part.  Under no 
circumstances shall Franchisor be required or obligated to seek coverage from third parties or 
otherwise mitigate losses in order to maintain a claim against Franchisee. Franchisor Indemnities 
shall have the right, in their sole discretion, and at Franchisee’s expense and risk, to control the 
response to any claim and the defense thereof, including the right to enter into settlements or take 
any other mitigating, remedial, corrective, or other actions they deem appropriate. Franchisee 
Indemnifying Parties must reimburse Franchisor Indemnities for all of Franchisor Indemnitees 
costs, expenses, and all attorneys’ fees immediately upon Franchisor Indemnitees’ request. 
Franchisee Indemnifying Parties shall not, without the prior written consent of the Franchisor 
Indemnitees, (a) settle or compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with 
respect to any claim which does not include a written release from liability of such claim for the 
Franchisor Indemnities, or (b) settle or compromise any claim in any manner that may adversely 
affect the Franchisor Indemnities. Franchisee Indemnifying Parties agree to give their full 
cooperation to Franchisor Indemnitees in assisting with the defense of any such claim. Franchisor 
Indemnities’ undertaking of defense and/or settlement will in no way diminish Franchisee 
Indemnifying Parties’ obligations to indemnify Franchisor Indemnitees and to hold Franchisee 
Indemnitees harmless.  
21.5 
 The failure to pursue such remedy or mitigate such loss shall in no way reduce the amounts 
recoverable by Franchisor from Franchisee. 
§22 
General Conditions and Provisions 
22.1 
No Waiver. No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it hereunder, or to 
insist upon strict compliance by Franchisee with any obligation or condition hereunder, and no 
custom nor practice of the parties in variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver of 
Franchisor’s right to demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Waiver by 
Franchisor of any particular default by Franchisee shall not be binding unless in writing and 
executed by Franchisor and shall not affect nor impair Franchisor’s right with respect to any 
subsequent default of the same or of a different nature.  Subsequent acceptance by Franchisor of 
any payment(s) due shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding breach by 
Franchisee of any terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
22.2 
Notices. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands 
and other communications required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement shall 
be in writing and shall be given (i) by personal delivery, (ii) by registered or certified mail, return 
receipt requested, postage prepared, or (iii) by delivery to a nationally recognized overnight courier 
service, in each case, addressed as follows: 
If intended for Franchisor, addressed to 
