 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
(ii) 
 For the Training & Opening Support Fee, we will provide an initial training 
program for certain of your personnel.  This training is described in detail later in this Item.  
(Section 8.1)  
 
(iii) 
 You are responsible for all necessary equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory 
and supplies.  We will provide you, in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual or other written 
or electronic form, with a list of approved suppliers or written specifications for required or 
recommended supplies, signs, furniture, fixtures, inventory, equipment and other approved or 
specified items and services.  At the time of this Disclosure Document, the only item for which we 
are the designated supplier is a décor package. We reserve all rights to become a supplier of other 
materials in the future. You will purchase this from us prior to opening. We will cause this package 
to be delivered to you but you are responsible for installation. Otherwise, we do not deliver or 
install items. (Sections 13.1 and 13.2) 
 
(iv) 
 We will provide you with access to our Confidential Brand Standards Manual. 
(Section 9) 
 
Other than the limited initial training program that some of your employees may attend, we do not 
train your employees. We do not hire your employees. 
 
Timeline to Open. We estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of the franchise 
agreement and the opening of the franchise is 6-18 months.  Factors that may affect your beginning 
operations include the ability to secure permits, seasonality for what time of year you start your 
new business, zoning and local ordinances, weather conditions and delays in installation of 
equipment and fixtures. (Section 5.4 and 5.6) We have the right to terminate the franchise 
agreement if you fail to open within eighteen (18) months of signing the franchise agreement. 
(Section 5 and Section 16) 
 
During-operation Obligations of Franchisor.  
 
(i) 
We will authorize the products and services for sale or use in your School.  We will 
designate the curricula you must use. (Section 13.1 and 13.12) 
 
(ii) 
  We will provide you with modifications to the Confidential Brand Standards 
Manual as they are made available to franchisees.  (Section 9.2) We have the right to change or 
modify the System and will notify you of any changes.  (Section 10.2) 
 
(iii) 
 We will offer you advice and guidance on prices for products and services.  
(Section 14.1) 
 
(iv) 
 We will prescribe a standard chart of accounts. (Section 12.10) 
 
(v) 
  We will be available to render advice, discuss problems and offer general guidance 
to you by telephone, e-mail, newsletters and other methods with respect to general operating 
problems.  (Section 14.1)  
