EXHIBIT H TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
fascia, slogans, drawings and other commercial symbols as the Company 
designates to be used in connection with the Franchised Businesses or the 
Company’s uniform standards, methods, procedures and specifications for the 
establishment and operation of a Franchised Business; 
 
3. franchise, license, own an interest in, manage, operate, or perform services for 
any Competitive Business wherever located. 
 
b) 
Individual shall not (for themselves or through or on behalf of or in conjunction 
with any person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other business entity) 
for a period of two (2) years after termination of Individual’s relationship with Franchisee, 
regardless of the cause of termination, (a) within a 10-mile radius of the Accepted Location or 
within the Territory (whichever is greater), or (b) within a 10-mile radius of the location of any 
other IVYBROOK ACADEMY business in existence at the time of termination: 
 
1. engage in any Competitive Business as an officer, director, employee, consultant, 
manager, operator, or independent contractor in any capacity in which Individual 
would be in a position to use or disclose Confidential Information; or 
 
2. own an interest in, or franchise or license, or operate a Competitive Business. 
 
4. 
Reasonableness of Restrictions. Individual acknowledges that each of the terms set forth 
herein, including the restrictive covenants, is fair and reasonable and is reasonably required for the 
protection of Franchisee, Company, and Company’s Trade Secrets and other Confidential 
Information, the Company’s business system, network of franchises and trade and service marks, 
and Individual waives any right to challenge these restrictions as being overly broad, unreasonable 
or otherwise unenforceable.  If, however, a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any 
such restriction is unreasonable or unenforceable, then Individual shall submit to the reduction of 
any such activity, time period or geographic restriction necessary to enable the court to enforce 
such restrictions to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.  It is the desire and intent of 
the parties that the provisions of this Agreement shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible 
under the laws and public policies applied in any jurisdiction where enforcement is sought.   
 
5. 
Relief for Breaches of Noncompetition. Individual further acknowledges that an actual 
or threatened violation of the covenants contained in this Agreement will cause Franchisee and 
Company immediate and irreparable harm, damage and injury that cannot be fully compensated 
for by an award of damages or other remedies at law. Accordingly, Franchisee and Company shall 
be entitled, as a matter of right, to an injunction from any court of competent jurisdiction 
restraining any further violation by Individual of this Agreement without any requirement to show 
any actual damage or to post any bond or other security.  Such right to an injunction shall be 
cumulative and in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights and remedies that 
Franchisee and Company may have at law or in equity. 
 
 
 
 
