EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
17.3.3 Except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, neither Franchisee, nor any 
holder of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee, shall, for a period of two years after the 
expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of this Agreement, (a) within a 10 mile radius of the 
Accepted Location or within the Territory (whichever is greater), or (b) within a 10 mile radius of 
the location of any other Franchised Business, Franchisor owned location, or Franchisor’s Affiliate 
location in existence at the time of termination, expiration, or nonrenewal, regardless of the cause 
of termination, for themselves or through, on behalf of or in conjunction with, any person, persons, 
partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other business entity: 
17.3.3.1 
solicit, divert, or attempt to solicit or divert, any supplier that has 
done business with the Franchised Business within one (1) year prior to the expiration, termination, 
or nonrenewal of this Agreement, to provide supplies, products, equipment, merchandise, or 
services to a Competitive Business or to cease providing supplies, products, equipment, 
merchandise, or services to IVYBROOK ACADEMY businesses; or 
17.3.3.2 
solicit, divert or attempt to solicit or divert any person or party that 
was a customer of the Franchised Business during the one (1) year period prior to the expiration, 
termination, or nonrenewal of this Agreement, to any Competitive Business. 
17.3.4 In furtherance of this Section, Franchisor has the right to require certain individuals 
to execute standard form nondisclosure, non-solicitation, and noncompetition agreements in a form 
provided by or acceptable to Franchisor. 
17.3.5 If for whatever reason, either the above area or time frame covered by the post-
termination covenant not to compete is deemed unreasonable by a court of law, then and only in 
such an event shall such area and/or its time frame be reduced accordingly by the court. The rulings 
by the court concerning the area or time frame or any other judicial interpretation shall not affect 
the rest and remainder of such restrictive covenants. 
17.4 
Unfair Competition. If Franchisee, its owner, or its Affiliates operate any other business, 
Franchisee, its owners, and its Affiliates shall not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy or 
colorable imitation of the Marks, either in connection with such other business or the promotion 
thereof, that is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception, or that is likely to dilute 
Franchisor’s rights in the Marks.  Franchisee, its owners, and its Affiliates shall not utilize any 
designation of origin, description or representation that suggests or represents an association or 
connection with Franchisor. This Section is not intended as an approval of Franchisee’s right to 
operate other businesses and in no way is it intended to contradict Sections 7, 17.1 or 17.2.   
17.5 
Survival of Certain Provisions. All obligations of Franchisee, which expressly or by their 
nature survive the expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of this Agreement, shall continue in full 
force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of 
this Agreement and until satisfied or by their nature expire. 
17.6 
Liquidated Damages. Franchisee and Franchisor agree that it would be difficult if not 
impossible to determine the amount of damages that Franchisor would suffer due to a termination 
of this Agreement because of Franchisee’s default or termination without cause. Therefore, 
Franchisee and Franchisor agree that a reasonable estimate of those damages (as liquidated 
