EXHIBIT F TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
hereunder and under the Franchise Agreement shall be cumulative. Until all Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchisee are fully performed, Guarantor waives any rights that it may have 
against Franchisee by reason of Guarantor's compliance with this Agreement, and subordinates 
any liability or indebtedness of Franchisee held by Guarantor to the obligations of Franchisee to 
Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
H. 
If Guarantor consists of more than one person and/or entity, (a) this Agreement 
shall be binding on all of them jointly and severally, and (b) notice to or from any of them will 
constitute notice to or from each of them. 
 
I. 
Any notice or other communication to Franchisor shall be made in accordance with 
the terms of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
J. 
This Agreement, which is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of North Carolina, shall also bind Guarantor's legal or personal representatives, 
heirs, successors and assigns (as the case may be) and inure to the benefit of Franchisor's 
successors and assigns and any other person or entity at any time having the rights of Franchisor 
under the Franchise Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the dispute resolution 
provision set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
K. 
Guarantor will forthwith pay to Franchisor all attorney's fees and disbursements 
incurred by Franchisor in connection with any breach or default by Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement and/or the enforcement of this Agreement, in each instance whether or not mediation 
or a lawsuit or arbitration proceeding is commenced (and if applicable, through appeals and 
collection efforts). 
 
L. 
Any sums not paid to Franchisor when due hereunder will bear interest at the rate 
of 1.5% per annum, from the due date until full payment is received by Franchisor. 
 
M. 
As a further inducement to Franchisor to make and enter into the Franchise 
Agreement and in consideration thereof, Guarantor agrees that in any action or proceeding brought 
on, under or by virtue by this Agreement, Guarantor shall and does hereby waive trial by jury and 
the benefit of any statute of limitations defense, and Guarantor agrees that the applicable courts of 
North Carolina may have jurisdiction over Guarantor upon appropriate service on Guarantor 
anywhere in the United States in a manner in accordance with the laws of North Carolina.  Without 
limiting the foregoing, Guarantor hereby irrevocably appoints Franchisee as Guarantor's agent for 
service of process related to this Agreement. 
 
N. 
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to 
the matters covered hereby, and Guarantor acknowledges that no agent, representative, salesman 
or officer of Franchisor has authority to make or has made any statement, agreement or 
representation, either oral or written, in connection herewith, modifying, adding to or changing the 
terms and conditions herein set forth. No customs or dealings between the parties shall be permitted 
to contradict or modify the terms hereof. This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly 
against one party merely by reason of such party's preparation hereof.  If any provision of this 
Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, to the maximum extent possible the 
