EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
trademarks, service marks or other commercial symbols, Franchisee shall comply with 
Franchisor’s directions within 10 business days after notice to Franchisee by Franchisor.  
Franchisor shall not be required to reimburse Franchisee for its expenses in modifying or 
discontinuing the use of a Mark or any loss of goodwill associated with any modified or 
discontinued Mark or for any expenditures made by Franchisee to promote a modified or substitute 
Mark. Franchisee must bear all costs due to any change, revision, or substitution of the Marks. 
6.6 
Right to Inspect. To preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks licensed hereunder, 
to ensure that Franchisee is properly employing the Marks in the operation of the Franchised 
Business, and to evaluate Franchisee’s business and compliance with the System, Franchisor and 
its designees have the right to enter and inspect the Accepted Location at all reasonable times and, 
additionally, have the right to observe the manner in which Franchisee renders services and 
conducts activities and operations, and to inspect facilities, equipment, products, supplies, reports, 
forms and documents and related data to ensure that Franchisee is operating the Franchised 
Business in accordance with the quality control provisions and performance standards established 
by Franchisor.  Franchisor and its agents shall have the right, at any reasonable time, to remove 
sufficient quantities of products, supplies or other items to test whether such products or items 
meet Franchisor’s then-current standards. Franchisor or its designee has the right to observe 
Franchisee and its employees during the operation of the Franchised Business and to interview and 
survey (whether in person or in writing) customers and employees and to photograph or record the 
operations. Without limiting Franchisor’s other rights under this Agreement, Franchisee will, as 
soon as reasonably practical, correct any deficiencies noted during an inspection. If Franchisor 
conducts an inspection because of a governmental report, customer complaint or other customer 
feedback, or a default or non-compliance by Franchisee (including following up a previous failed 
inspection), then Franchisor may charge all out-of-pocket expenses plus its then-current inspection 
fee to Franchisee. Franchisee shall cooperate with Franchisor’s representatives with those 
inspections by rendering whatever assistance they may reasonably request, including using 
communications technology to conduct inspections remotely.  
6.7 
Online Presence and Email Address.  
6.7.1 An “Online Presence” includes (1) a website, other webpages, URLs, or domain 
names, (2) accounts, pages, or profiles on social media sites, social networking sites, news sites 
and groups, online, internet, or digital directories, video, photography, audio, and messaging 
services, blogs, or forums, (3) e-commerce sites or accounts, (4) digital or online advertising and 
marketing content and services, (5) mobile applications, (6) virtual reality platforms, (7) identifiers 
of an Online Presence, or (8) a presence on any other type of online, internet, or digital tool, good, 
or service that may be developed.  
6.7.2 Franchisee will not, directly or indirectly, establish or operate an Online Presence 
or email address that in any way concerns, discusses or alludes to the Franchisor, the System, or 
the Franchised Business without Franchisor’s written consent, which Franchisor is not obligated 
to provide. If approved to establish an Online Presence or email address, Franchisee shall comply 
with Franchisor’s standards and specifications with respect to the creation, maintenance, and 
content of any such Online Presence or email address.  The Marks may not be used as part of, in 
conjunction with, to establish or to operate any Online Presence or email address, unless 
