 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
develops and offers, or owns companies that develop and offer, software. Catapult is the owner 
and exclusive supplier to us of the school management and payment processing software, The 
Student Hub, that you will be required to use.  
 
The Franchise Offered.  As an Ivybrook Academy franchisee, you will own and operate a business 
that offers a comprehensive preschool providing a solid foundation for a child’s early learning 
years (a “School”). You will provide an exceptional children’s pre-school environment through 
our curriculum, involvement and learning environment. What distinguishes us is that we cater to 
families looking for a half day pre-school opportunity for learning, enrichment and socialization 
without having to place their child in a full day, childcare establishment.  You will also have the 
option to offer private kindergarten courses.  
 
The Ivybrook Academy Schools are characterized by a unique system that includes specifically 
curriculum, unique learning environment, distinctive design, décor, color scheme, furnishings, 
hardware, software programs, standards, specifications, procedures for operations, training and 
assistance, and advertising and promotional programs; all of which we may improve, amend, and 
further develop from time to time. You will be required to operate using our Marks and in 
accordance with our confidential manuals, including our Brand Standards Manual, and other 
proprietary manuals we may loan to you (collectively, the “Confidential Brand Standards 
Manual”), standards, methods, procedures and specifications for the operation of Ivybrook 
Academy Franchised Businesses (collectively, the “System”), which we may modify from time to 
time as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. The typical Ivybrook Academy School is 
operated in leased space (freestanding or otherwise) located on or near main thoroughfares.  We 
offer qualified franchisees the opportunity to sign a unit franchise agreement.  We have the right 
to accept your location and designate the Territory associated with the location applying our 
current standards for site selection and Territory designation.   
 
If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement (attached as Exhibit C to this disclosure 
document), you will develop multiple Ivybrook Academy outlets, on an agreed-upon schedule.  
For each future unit franchise, we will require you to sign our then-current form of franchise 
agreement, which may be different from the form of franchise agreement included in this 
disclosure document. 
 
You will compete with other Ivybrook Academy franchisees and Ivybrook Academy Schools 
owned by our affiliate, private preschools, Montessori schools, church-based preschools, private 
kindergartens, and childcare centers. These include national and regional chains, as well as local 
operations.  The general market for the service is children ages 1 year to 6 years from families that 
place a high priority on quality early childhood education. This market is well developed. Sales 
are somewhat seasonal, as we conduct camp sessions during the summer rather than our regular 
programs. 
 
The laws and regulations specific to our industry will vary according to your jurisdiction. Most 
states and localities have specific regulations that may affect businesses offering educational and 
childcare services. These laws and regulations may include licensing requirements; standards, 
specifications and requirements for the construction, design and maintenance of the business 
premises; standards and requirements for fire safety and general emergency preparedness; quality 
