EXHIBIT A TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
5.3 
Development of Accepted Location 
5.3.1 Franchisee agrees that it will construct or remodel the premises at the Accepted 
Location in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and specifications for the construction, 
remodeling, layout, design, and décor for Ivybrook Academy businesses (“Construction 
Standards”). Franchisee is solely responsible for the construction of the premises at the Accepted 
Location.  Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s acceptance of Franchisee’s proposed plans for 
construction, remodeling, layout, design, and décor for the Franchised Business. Franchisee will 
commence any required construction promptly after execution of a lease for or closing on the 
purchase of the Accepted Location. Franchisee shall maintain continuous construction of the 
Franchised Business until completion.  Franchisee will complete construction in accordance with 
the plans for the Franchised Business Franchisor has accepted. Except as may be required to have 
the accepted plans changed to comply with the Applicable Law, Franchisee shall not deviate from 
the accepted plans without the prior approval of Franchisor. Franchisor has no obligation to include 
the requirements of any Applicable Law in the Construction Standards. Franchisee also 
acknowledges that the requirements of the Construction Standards may exceed those required 
under the Applicable Law. “Applicable Law” means any law, rule, regulation, code or requirement 
applicable to the construction, remodeling, design, layout, building, permitting, and development 
of the Franchised Business, including, without limitation the Americans With Disabilities Act or 
similar rules governing public accommodations for persons with disabilities. It is solely 
Franchisee’s responsibility to make sure that the design and construction of the Franchised 
Business and the Accepted Location are in compliance with all Applicable Laws. Franchisee 
Indemnifying Parties shall indemnify and hold Franchisor Indemnitees harmless against any and 
all claims, actions, causes of action, costs, fees, fines and penalties, of every kind and nature, 
should the design and/or construction of the Accepted Location fail in any way to comply with 
any Applicable Laws. Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to use an approved architect, 
general contractor, construction manager, or other supplier of design, engineering, construction, 
and related services. Franchisee agrees provide to Franchisor construction progress updates in a 
form approved by Franchisor at the intervals designated by Franchisor. 
5.3.2 To the extent Franchisor has them, Franchisor shall make available to Franchisee, 
at no charge to Franchisee, specifications for the development of the Accepted Location, including 
specifications for improvements, supplies and equipment that are necessary for the development 
and operation of an Ivybrook Academy Franchised Business. Franchisee shall cause the Accepted 
Location to be fully developed, equipped, and improved in accordance with such specifications 
within eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date.  In connection with the development of the 
Accepted Location, Franchisee shall: 
5.3.2.1 obtain all permits and licenses required for operation of the Franchised 
Business, and certify in writing that all such permits and certifications have been obtained;  
5.3.2.2 purchase any supplies or inventory necessary for the operation of the 
Franchised Business, as specified in the Confidential Brand Standards Manual;  
5.3.2.3 purchase and install all equipment, furniture and fixtures, including any 
software and computer equipment, required by Franchisor for the operation of the Franchised 
Business; and 
