 
4421206v3.RWT.30864.G56954 
 
Item 10: Financing. 
 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee any agreement or lease.  
 
Item 11: Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training. 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
Our Pre-opening Obligations.  
 
(i) 
For the Real Estate and Facility Coordination Fee, we will assist you by (a) 
identifying a real estate broker, (b) reviewing potential locations that meet our general standards 
for size, layout, and other physical characteristics, (c) at our expense, send a representative to make 
a single visit to review potential sites, (d) reviewing your letter of intent, (e) and advising regarding 
School layout and configuration. Although we have a standardized process for site selection, will 
guide you through it, and will lead in giving our recommendations based upon the site options 
provided by your real estate broker, you are ultimately responsible for selecting and developing 
the site.  
 
If we have not already accepted a location for the School, you shall select and submit possible sites 
within the Designated Area for our acceptance. The Designated Area will terminate once a site is 
selected and the Territory is designated, as described below. The Designated Area does not grant 
you any territorial exclusivity or protection and is for site selection only. (Section 2.3) 
 
Once you propose a site, we will evaluate the site and notify you of our acceptance or rejection of 
the site within a reasonable time (usually 30 days).  You must have our acceptance of a site within 
6 months following the date of your franchise agreement.  If not, we may terminate the franchise 
agreement. (Section 5.1). The factors we consider in accepting sites are general location and 
neighborhood, competition, trade area demographics, visibility, and physical characteristics of 
existing buildings.  If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, we will accept the location 
of future sites and territories for those sites (after you pay the site development fee), and our then-
current standards for sites and territories will apply.  
 
You will participate in and attend all phases of the real estate process. We generally do not own or 
lease a site to you but reserve the right to offer this option to franchisees in the future.  
 
We do not provide a legal review of or negotiate your lease or real property purchase agreement. 
We strongly recommend that you have your agreement reviewed by an attorney. We are not 
responsible for their recommendations or advice to you.  You must obtain our acceptance of the 
terms of the lease or purchase agreement. 
 
You are responsible for conforming the site to local ordinances and building codes and obtaining 
any required permits. (Section 13.6) You are responsible for constructing, remodeling, or 
decorating the site. You must use the professional services of our approved architect and 
construction general contractor. (Section 5.3) 
