 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
2 
Market and Competition. 
 
The market for your services and products is the general public. In most areas, the market is developing. 
Sales are year-round.  
 
Your franchised business may have to compete with other businesses offering services and products similar 
to those that you will offer, including franchised operations, national chains, and other independently owned 
companies.  
 
Industry Specific Regulations. 
 
You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations that apply to the operation of your 
business.   
 
Certain states may consider your business to be a “school” or “after-school program” and you may be 
subject to state or local licensing, permit, and ordinance laws applicable to schools.  These requirements 
may require you to have a teaching license or certificate, separate bathrooms for boys and girls, water 
fountains, special exit doors equipped with panic bars, and accommodations for disabled persons. You are 
also subject to local zoning rules because they may limit where you can locate your Franchised Business 
and may affect design features, including the building facade and signs.   
 
Some jurisdictions require, and we require, that you conduct background checks on any employee that will 
be in contact with children during the operation of the franchised business. You must comply with the Fair 
Credit Reporting Act when conducting background checks. We urge you to consult with a local attorney 
about state and local laws and regulations as these vary by locality. 
 
We require that you have teaching credentials based on your state laws. 
 
In addition, because your center will serve meals, you must obtain and comply with all licensing, permits, 
food safety, food handling, and other food preparation and service related laws. 
 
The details of state, county and local laws and regulations vary from place to place.  You should investigate 
these laws and regulations further. 
 
ITEM 2. BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
CEO– NICOLE CHAUDRY 
 
Nicole Chaudry has served as our CEO from our inception in July 2024 until the present. Nicole Chaudry 
has also served as the CEO of our Affiliate, WorldKids Academy, LLC, from January 2015 to the present, 
in Seattle, Washington.   
 
ITEM 3. LITIGATION 
 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 4. BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
