 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
15 
 
You must purchase signage according to our specifications. 
 
Whether we or our Affiliates are Approved Suppliers: 
 
We are currently an approved supplier of advertising material, but not the only approved supplier of such 
items.   
 
Our affiliate is not currently an approved supplier of goods or services to franchisees. 
 
Officer Interests in Suppliers: 
 
Our officer, Nicole Chaudry, owns an interest in us. 
 
Alternative Suppliers: 
 
We do not maintain written criteria for approving suppliers and thus these criteria are not available to you 
or your proposed supplier. We do permit you to contract with alternative suppliers if approved by us and 
they meet our criteria. We charge any costs incurred, up to $1,000, to test another supplier that you propose. 
If you wish to propose to us another supplier, you may submit the proposed supplier that you wish for us 
to consider in writing. Your request must include sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and other 
information and samples to enable us to determine whether supplier meets our specifications.  Your request 
must also provide confirmation that the supplier is financially sound and carries adequate liability insurance. 
We will examine the quality of the items and the supplier’s ability to supply a sufficient quantity in a timely 
way with good customer service to determine whether to consider adding the supplier to our list of approved 
vendors. We will notify you within 30 days if we approve or disapprove of an alternative supplier. If we 
revoke approval for a supplier, we will provide written notice to you. 
 
Issuance and Modification of Specifications: 
 
We issue specifications and standards to franchisees or approved suppliers through our Operations Manual 
or through informational bulletins we issue from time to time. 
 
Revenue from Required Purchases: 
 
We may, but do not currently, derive revenue or other material consideration from required purchases or 
leases by you.  Our affiliate does not earn revenue or other material consideration from required franchisee 
purchases or leases. 
 
In our last fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, we did not earn revenue or other material consideration 
from required purchases or leases by franchisees. 
 
Required Purchases as a Proportion of Costs: 
 
We estimate that approximately 70% of your expenditures for leases and purchases in establishing your 
Franchised Business will be for goods and services that must be purchased from us, an Affiliate, an 
approved supplier, or from another party according to our standards and specifications. We estimate that 
approximately 30% of your expenditures on an ongoing basis will be for goods and services that must be 
purchased either from us, an Affiliate, an approved supplier or another party according to our standards and 
specifications. 
