 
 
WKAF, LLC. 
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
                  December 31, 2024 
 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – (Cont.) 
                       
g)    Pervasiveness of Estimates 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and 
expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ 
from those estimates.  
 
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant 
judgment.  It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of 
the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that 
existed at the date of the balance sheet, which management 
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near 
term due to one or more future confirming events.  Accordingly, the 
actual results could differ significantly from estimates. 
 
 
      h)    Long-Lived Assets  
 
The Company reviews the carrying value of its long lived assets for 
possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be 
recoverable.  No adjustment has been provided for in the financial 
statements.  
 
 
i) 
Concentrations, Risks and Uncertainties   
 
Financial instruments which subject the Company to concentrations 
of credit risk include cash and cash equivalents.  The Company 
maintains its cash in well-known financial institutions selected 
based upon management’s assessment of the financial institution’s 
financial stability. 
 
 
j) 
Fair Value 
 
The Company follows ASC 820-10, “Fair Value Measurements”.  ASC 
820-10 provides a definition of fair value, establishes a framework 
for measuring fair value under Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (“GAAP”) and requires expanded disclosure about fair 
value measurements.  The standard applies when GAAP requires or 
allows assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value and, 
therefore, does not expand the use of fair value in any new 
circumstance.  The fair value of financial instruments to be 
classified as assets or liabilities including cash and trademarks 
approximate carrying value, principally because of the short 
maturity of those items. 
-9- 
