 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A release or waiver of rights signed by the franchisee shall not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act except when executed according to a negotiated settlement after the 
agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as 
those that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, rights or 
remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial may not be enforceable.   
 
Item 17.r. is modified to also provide that the post-term non-compete will only apply to a 25 mile radius of 
your Franchised Business. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Use of Franchise Brokers.  The franchisor uses the services of franchise brokers to assist it in selling 
franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to the 
franchisor and/or selling the franchise.  Carefully evaluate any information provided by a franchise broker 
about a franchise.  Do your own investigation by contacting the franchisor’s current and former franchisees 
to ask them about their experience with the franchisor. 
 
Surety Bond- 
 
The Disclosure Document is modified to also provide:   
A surety bond in the amount of $100,000 has been obtained by the franchisor.  The Washington Securities 
Division has made the issuance of the franchisor’s permit contingent upon the franchisor maintaining surety 
bond coverage acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all Washington franchisees have (i) received all 
initial training that they are entitled to under the franchise agreement or offering circular, and (ii) are open 
for business; or (b) the Administrator issues written authorization to the contrary. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
