 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
 
Schedule 2: Nondisclosure and Non-
Compete Agreement 
 
 
 
f) Limitation of Actions.  You agree to bring any Claims against us, if at all, within one (1) year 
of the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such Claims, and that any action not brought within this period 
shall be barred as a claim, counterclaim, defense, or set-off. 
 
g) Prior Notice of Claims.  As a condition precedent to commencing an action for a Claim, you 
must notify us within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of the violation or breach, and failure to timely 
give such notice shall preclude any claim for damages. 
 
h) Internal Dispute Resolution.  You must first bring any Claim to our CEO, after providing 
notice as in Section 6(g) above. You must exhaust this internal dispute resolution procedure before you 
may bring your Claim before a third party.   
 
 
i) Mediation and Arbitration.   Before you may bring any Claim against us court, you agree to try 
for a period of 60 days to mediate such claim before a mutually agreed to mediator in the city or county 
where our headquarters are located.  If we cannot mutually agree on a mediator, you and we agree to use 
the mediation services of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), and split any AAA and mediator 
fees equally. 
 
 
If mediation is unsuccessful and you decide to pursue a legal claim against us, you agree to bring 
such claim solely in binding arbitration conducted in the city or county of our headquarters in accordance 
with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. The 
proceedings will be held by a single arbitrator. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding upon 
the parties. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having personal 
and subject matter jurisdiction. 
 
j) Waiver of Bond.  You agree that if we are forced to bring suit to enforce any provision of this 
Agreement, you agree to waive any requirement that we post bond to obtain a temporary, preliminary, or 
permanent injunction to enforce these duties. 
 
k) Attorney Fees.  If we are the substantially prevailing party as to any Claims, you agree to 
reimburse our costs and attorney fees incurred in pursuing or defending the Claims. 
 
 
7. 
Miscellaneous  
 
 
 
a) This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements, negotiations and discussions 
between Individual and Franchisee. This Agreement cannot be altered or amended except by an agreement 
in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of the parties.  
 
 
 
b) This Agreement shall be effective as of the date this Agreement is executed and shall be 
binding upon the successors and assigns of Individual and shall inure to the benefit of Franchisee, its 
subsidiaries, successors and assigns. Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with 
the independent right to enforce the confidentiality and non-competition provisions contained herein.  
 
 
 
c) The failure of either party to insist upon performance in any one (1) or more instances 
upon performance of any terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of future 
performance of any such term, covenant or condition of this Agreement and the obligations of either party 
with respect thereto shall continue in full force and effect.  
 
