 
 
 
WKAF, LLC.  
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
WKAF, LLC. (“Company”) was formed in the State of Washington in July 2024. 
The principal purpose of the Company is to offer and sell franchises that 
offer learning centers that introduce children to hands on preschool 
curriculum while immersing them in Mandarin Chinese and Spanish languages 
and international culture. 
 
Following is a description of significant risks facing the Company and 
how those risks are minimized: 
 
Legal/Regulatory Risk – The risk that changes in the legal or regulatory 
environment in which the Company operates can create additional loss, 
costs, or expenses not anticipated by the Company in pricing its services.  
That is, regulatory initiatives may create costs for the Company beyond 
those currently recorded in the financial statements or assumed in 
pricing.  The Company attempts to minimize this risk by reviewing 
legislative and other regulatory changes and adjusting rates whenever 
possible. 
 
Concentration Risk – All of the Company’s fees were derived from services 
rendered to customers. Accordingly, the Company could be affected by 
adverse conditions that may occur from time to time in the marketplace. 
 
Credit Risk – The risk that customers that may owe the Company money, 
will not pay.  The Company attempts to minimize this risk by actively 
monitoring collections of receivables. 
 
a) 
Method of Accounting 
 
Assets and liabilities and revenue and expenses are recognized on 
the accrual basis of accounting. 
 
 
b) 
Property and Equipment 
 
Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation is computed 
using the straight line method of depreciation over the estimated 
useful life of the assets, which are 5 years. 
 
For federal income tax purposes, depreciation is computed using the 
appropriate accelerated methods allowed for tax purposes. 
 
Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the 
useful 
lives 
of 
property 
and 
equipment 
are 
capitalized.  
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as 
incurred. 
 
 
 
-6- 
