 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
13 
 
Franchisee recognizes that from time to time, Franchisor may introduce, as part of the System, 
other methods or technology which require certain System modifications including, without limitation, the 
adoption and use of modified or substitute Marks, new computer hardware and software, equipment or 
signs. Franchisee agrees to make all required upgrades and modifications at its expense as may be required 
by Franchisor; provided, however, that Franchisee shall not be required to make any expenditures during 
the first year of the initial term or any expenditures which are unreasonably disproportionate to Franchisee’s 
initial investment to establish the Franchised Business during the initial term. If such additional investment 
is required to be made in the last year of the initial term, Franchisee may avoid making the investment by 
providing notice of intent not to renew the Franchise unless the investment is in connection with a 
modification to the System required by law or court order. Franchisee acknowledges that any required 
expenditures for changes or upgrades to the System shall be in addition to expenditures for repairs and 
maintenance as required in Section 13.2 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee shall 
be required to make any and all improvements or modifications whenever such are required by law, 
regulation, agency decision or court order. 
 
10.3 
Variance 
 
 
Franchisor has the right to vary standards or specifications for any franchisee based upon that 
particular franchisee’s qualifications, the peculiarities of the particular site or circumstances, the 
demographics of the trade area, business potential, existing business practices or any other condition which 
Franchisor deems to be of importance to the successful operation of any particular WorldKids School 
Business. Franchisor shall not be required to disclose or grant to Franchisee a like or similar variance 
hereunder. 
 
11. ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES 
 
11.1 
National Advertising and Development Fund 
 
 
After you have been operational 12 months: 
 
You agree to pay us each month a National Advertising and Development Fund Fee of 2% of your Gross 
Revenues from the prior month.  We may use these fees to conduct advertising using online, radio, 
television, direct mail, billboards, print or other advertising.  We may use local, regional, or national 
advertising.  We may produce advertising material in-house or through outside agencies.  We are not 
required to spend any amount on advertising in the area or territory where you will be located.   
 
 
Franchisor-owned outlets are not required to contribute to the Advertising Fund.  We administer 
the Fund.  The fund is not audited.  But you may request in writing an unaudited financial statement of 
how the fund was used in the prior fiscal year. 
 
 
If not all advertising funds are spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue, we will carry them 
over to apply in future years. 
 
11.2 
Local and Grand Opening Advertising 
 
 
Franchisee shall spend a minimum of $2,000 each month, or 1.5% of Gross Revenues, whichever 
is greater, on Local Advertising, based upon our guidelines.  Franchisee shall spend a minimum of $4,000 
- $8,000 to promote the opening of the Franchised Business, pursuant to our guidelines. 
 
Use of Your Own Advertising Material.  You may use your own advertising materials provided that you 
submit them to us and we approve them, in writing, and they adhere to federal, state and local law.  
