 
 
5 
 
WKAF, LLC.  
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
September 19, 2024 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – (Cont.) 
 
c) 
Franchise Revenues/Deferred Revenues – (Cont.) 
 
training, site selection, etc. and could be provided by a third 
party. Other components of the fee are deferred and recognized as 
other obligations of the agreement or conditions relating to the 
sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the 
franchisor. 
 
The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following four 
criteria are met: 
 
•  persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists 
•  all material obligations have been provided 
•  the sales price is fixed or determinable and 
•  collectability is probable 
 
The individual franchise agreements typically have a set year 
initial term, but provide the franchisee with an opportunity to 
enter into renewal terms subject to certain conditions. 
 
Deferred revenue represents cash received from franchisees for 
franchise fees for which revenue recognition criteria has not been 
met. At September 19, 2024, $0 in deferred franchise revenues were 
recorded. 
 
d) 
Accounts Receivable 
 
Trade accounts receivable will consist of amounts due for franchise 
sales, will be carried at their estimated collectible amounts and 
trade credit will be generally extended on a short-term basis; thus 
trade receivables do not bear interest.  Trade accounts receivable 
are to be periodically evaluated for collectability based on past 
credit history with customers and their current financial 
condition. 
 
The Company will use the reserve method of accounting for bad debts 
for financial reporting purposes and the direct write-off method 
for income tax purposes.  Trade accounts receivable are charged 
against the allowance account when such receivables are deemed to 
be uncollectible.  Management considers all unreserved accounts 
receivable to be collectible. As of September 19, 2024, a total of 
$0 in accounts were reserved. 
 
e) 
Income Taxes   
 
The Company filed an election with the Internal Revenue service to 
be treated as a Limited Liability Corporation (“LLC”) for all its 
taxable years.  An LLC is not subject to corporate income tax.  The 
Company’s taxable income or loss and tax credits pass through to 
the members.  
