 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
15 
12.4 
Other Reports 
 
 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor copies of all state sales tax returns that are required to be 
filed with the appropriate governmental agency and such other records as Franchisor may reasonably 
request from time to time or as specified in the Operations Manual. Franchisor shall have the right to release 
financial and operational information relating to the Franchised Business to Franchisor’s lenders or 
prospective lenders. Franchisee shall certify as true and correct all reports to be submitted according to this 
Agreement. 
 
12.5 
Computer and Surveillance Equipment 
 
 
 
Franchisee shall purchase, install and use computer equipment consisting of hardware and software 
in accordance with Franchisor’s specifications. Franchisor shall have full access to all of Franchisee’s 
computer, data and systems and all related information by means of direct access, either in person or by 
telephone, modem or Internet.  Franchisor shall have full access to any video or surveillance stream. 
 
12.6 
Right to Inspect 
 
 
Franchisor or its designee has the right, during normal business hours without notice, to examine, 
copy, and audit the books, records and tax returns of Franchisee. If the audit or any other inspection should 
reveal that any payments to Franchisor have been underpaid, then Franchisee shall immediately pay to 
Franchisor the amount of the underpayment. If the audit reveals an underpayment of 2% or more during the 
review period, Franchisee shall also pay interest from the date such amount was due until paid at the rate 
of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month (or the rate legally allowed by the law of the state where 
Franchisee is located, whichever is lower) and Franchisee shall, in addition, reimburse Franchisor for any 
and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection (including, without limitation, travel expenses and 
reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees). The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other 
remedies Franchisor may have. 
 
 
Independent Access to Information. We have, and you are required to, provide independent 
access to the information that will be generated or stored in your computer systems, which includes, but not 
limited to, customer, transaction, and operational information. We have the right to review your business 
operations, in person, by mail, or electronically, and to inspect your operations and obtain your paper and 
electronic business records related to the Franchised Business and any other operations taking place through 
your Franchised Business.     
 
12.7 
Release of Records 
 
 
Under Right To Inspect, at Franchisor’s request Franchisee shall authorize Franchisor and/or its 
direct third party(s), including accounting and legal professionals, to release to Franchisor all accounting 
and financial records arising from or relating to the operation of the Franchised Business including, but not 
limited to, records evidencing Gross Revenues, profits, losses, income, tax liabilities, tax payments, 
revenues, expenses, and any correspondence, notes, memoranda, audits, business records, or internal 
accounts within said third parties’ possession, custody or control, and to continue to release such records to 
Franchisor on a monthly basis for the length of the unexpired term of this Agreement or until such time as 
Franchisor withdraws its request. Franchisee shall execute all documents necessary to facilitate the release 
of records referenced herein to Franchisor. 
 
13. STANDARDS OF OPERATION 
 
