 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
24 
 
(b) 
solicit or otherwise attempt to induce or influence any customer or other business associate 
of Franchisor to terminate or modify his, her or its business relationship with Franchisor or to compete 
against Franchisor; or 
 
(c) 
In furtherance of this Section, Franchisor has the right to require certain individuals to 
execute standard form nondisclosure or non-competition agreements in a form the same as or similar to the 
Nondisclosure and Non-Competition Agreement attached as Schedule 2. 
 
17.3 
Unfair Competition 
 
 
If Franchisee operates any other business, Franchisee shall not use any reproduction, counterfeit, 
copy or colorable imitation of the Marks, either in connection with such other business or the promotion 
thereof, that is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception, or that is likely to dilute Franchisor’s rights 
in the Marks. Franchisee shall not utilize any designation of origin, description or representation that falsely 
suggests or represents an association or connection with Franchisor. This Section is not intended as an 
approval of Franchisee’s right to operate other businesses and in no way is it intended to contradict Sections 
17, 17.1 or 17.2. Franchisee shall make such modifications or alterations to the Franchised Business 
(including changing telephone and facsimile numbers) immediately upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement as may be necessary to prevent any association between Franchisor or the System and any 
business subsequently operated by Franchisee or others at the Franchised Business. Franchisee shall make 
such specific additional changes to the Franchised Business as Franchisor may reasonably request for that 
purpose including, without limitation, removal of all physical and structural features identifying or 
distinctive to the System. If Franchisee fails or refuses to comply with the requirements of this Section, 
Franchisor has the right to enter upon the Franchised Business for the purpose of making or causing to be 
made such changes as may be required, at the expense of Franchisee, which expense Franchisee shall pay 
upon demand. 
 
17.4 
Franchisor’s Option to Purchase Certain Business Assets 
 
 
Franchisor has the right (but not the obligation), for a period of thirty (30) days after termination 
or expiration of this Agreement, to purchase any or all assets of the Franchised Business including 
improvements, vehicles, service tools and equipment, supplies and other inventory or equipment. The 
purchase price shall be equal to the assets’ book value. If Franchisor elects to exercise this option to 
purchase, it has the right to set off all amounts due from Franchisee under this Agreement, if any, against 
the purchase price. 
 
17.5 
Survival of Certain Provisions 
 
 
All obligations of Franchisor and Franchisee, which expressly or by their nature survive the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and 
notwithstanding their expiration or termination and until satisfied or by their nature expire. 
 
18. TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST 
 
18.1 
Transfer by Franchisor 
 
 
This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are fully transferable in whole or in part by 
Franchisor and such rights will inure to the benefit of any person or entity to whom transferred; provided, 
however, that with respect to any assignment resulting in the subsequent performance by the assignee of 
the functions of Franchisor, the assignee shall assume the obligations of Franchisor hereunder and 
