 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
27 
subject to, and that further assignment or transfer thereof is subject to, all restrictions imposed upon transfers 
and assignments by this Agreement; and 
 
(g) 
copies of the Controlled Entity’s articles of incorporation or organization, bylaws, 
operating agreement, federal tax identification number, and other governing regulations or documents, 
including resolutions of the board of directors authorizing entry into this Agreement, have been promptly 
furnished to Franchisor. Any amendment to any such documents shall also be furnished to Franchisor 
immediately upon adoption. 
 
 
18.3.2 The term of the transferred franchise shall be the unexpired term of this Agreement, 
including all renewal rights, subject to any and all conditions applicable to such renewal rights. 
 
 
18.3.3 Franchisor’s consent to a transfer of any interest in this Agreement, or of any ownership 
interest in the Franchised Business, shall not constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against 
the transferor or the transferee, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand compliance 
with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
18.4 
Franchisor’s Disclosure to Transferee 
 
 
Franchisor has the right, without liability of any kind or nature whatsoever to Franchisee, to make 
available for inspection by any intended transferee of Franchisee all or any part of Franchisor’s records 
relating to this Agreement, the Franchised Business or to the history of the relationship of the parties hereto. 
Franchisee hereby specifically consents to such disclosure by Franchisor and shall release and hold 
Franchisor harmless from and against any claim, loss or injury resulting from an inspection of Franchisor’s 
records relating to the Franchised Business by an intended transferee identified by Franchisee. 
 
18.5 
For-Sale Advertising 
 
 
Franchisee shall NOT, without prior written consent of Franchisor, place in, on or upon the area of 
the Franchised Business, or in any communication media, any form of advertising relating to the sale of the 
Franchised Business or the rights granted hereunder. 
 
18.6 
Transfer by Death or Incapacity 
 
 
Upon the death or Incapacity of Franchisee (if Franchisee is an individual) or any holder of a legal 
or beneficial interest in Franchisee (if Franchisee is a business entity), the appropriate representative of such 
person (whether administrator, personal representative or trustee) shall, within a reasonable time not 
exceeding one hundred eighty (180) days following such event, transfer such individual’s interest in the 
Franchised Business or in Franchisee to a third party approved by Franchisor. Such transfers, including 
transfers by will or inheritance, shall be subject to the conditions for assignments and transfers contained 
in this Agreement. During such one hundred eighty (180) day period, the Franchised Business must remain 
at all times under the primary management of a Designated Manager who otherwise meets Franchisor’s 
management qualifications. 
 
 
Following such a death or Incapacity of such person as described in this Section 18.6, if necessary 
in Franchisor’s discretion, Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to assume operation of the 
Franchised Business until the deceased or incapacitated owner’s interest is transferred to a third party 
approved by Franchisor. Franchisor shall be given access to the Franchised Business, even if located within 
Franchisee’s or its Designated Manager’s principal residence, and shall not be held liable for trespass or 
any related tort. Franchisor may charge a management fee equal to $500 per person per day, and Franchisor 
