 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
11 
 
Franchisor has the right to require any holder of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee, and any 
officer, director, executive, manager or member of the professional staff and all employees of Franchisee 
to execute a nondisclosure and non-competition agreement, in a form the same as or similar to the 
Nondisclosure and Non-Competition Agreement attached as Schedule 2, upon execution of this Agreement 
or prior to each such person’s affiliation with Franchisee. Upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee shall 
provide Franchisor with copies of all nondisclosure and non-competition agreements signed according to 
this Section. Such agreements shall remain on file at the business of Franchisee and are subject to audit or 
review as otherwise stated here. Franchisor shall be a third-party beneficiary with the right to enforce 
covenants contained in such agreements. 
 
7.5 
Reasonableness of Restrictions 
 
 
[intentionally omitted] 
 
8. TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE 
 
8.1 
Initial Training 
 
 
Franchisor shall make an initial training program available to a total of 2 employees of Franchisee 
(if applicable). Prior to the opening of the Franchised Business, the designated persons must attend and 
successfully complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, an initial training program pertaining to the operation 
and administration of the Franchised Business. Franchisor shall conduct the initial training program at a 
designated location. Franchisor shall not charge tuition or similar fees for initial training; however, all 
expenses incurred by Franchisee in attending such program including, but not limited to, travel costs, room 
and board expenses and employees’ salaries, shall be the sole responsibility of Franchisee. Franchisee shall 
be responsible for training its management and other employees. 
 
8.2 
Opening Assistance 
 
 
We provide site selection assistance to you to guide you in the selection of a location for your 
Franchised Business.  We provide to you opening assistance and guidance to assist you with any questions 
you may have in operating and establishing the Franchised Business. If Franchisee requests additional 
assistance with respect to the opening or continued operation of the Franchised Business, and should 
Franchisor deem it necessary and appropriate to comply with such request, Franchisee shall pay 
Franchisor’s then-current standard rates, plus expenses, for such additional assistance. 
 
8.3 
Failure to Complete Initial Training Program 
 
 
If Franchisor determines that the Franchisee is unable to satisfactorily complete the training 
program described above, Franchisor has the right to terminate this Agreement and retain the Franchise 
Fee. If Franchisee is a business entity and the Manager fails to complete the initial training program to 
Franchisor’s reasonable satisfaction, Franchisee may be permitted to select a substitute manager and such 
substitute manager must complete the initial training to Franchisor’s satisfaction. Franchisee will be 
required to pay $500 per day per person for providing the substitute manager an initial training program at 
our location, or $500 per day per person, for training at Franchisee's location (plus hotel, air fare and other 
expenses incurred by our trainer). 
 
8.4 
Ongoing Training 
 
 
From time to time, Franchisor may provide and if it does, has the right to require that the Franchisee 
attend ongoing training programs, seminars, conferences, conventions, or webinars during the term of this 
