 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
28 
 
Periodically, we may allow certain services or products that are not otherwise authorized for general 
use as a part of the System to be offered locally or regionally based on factors, including test marketing, 
your qualifications, and regional or local differences. 
 
 
We do not place restrictions on you with respect to who may be a customer of your Franchised 
Business. 
 
 
Business Hours: Our outlets are normally open Monday – Friday 7 a.m. – 6 p.m. except for federal 
holidays, staff training days, and other pre-determined or weather related closures, like snow days. 
 
ITEM 17. RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You 
should read these provisions in the agreement attached to this Disclosure Document.  
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN FRANCHISE 
OR OTHER AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
a. Length of Franchise 
Term 
FA: Section 4.1 
ADA: Section 3 
FA: The initial term is 10 years. 
ADA: Term is the date the last 
Location is required to be opened 
according to the Development 
Schedule. 
b. Renewal or Extension 
of Term 
FA: Section 4.2 
 
You have the right to renew for 
additional ten (10) year terms by 
entering into a then current 
franchise agreement with us, 
which may contain materially 
different terms and conditions 
than your original franchise 
agreement. You must pay the 
renewal fee. If you do not meet 
the conditions, we may refuse to 
renew or extend the terms of your 
Franchise Agreement. 
c. Requirements for 
Franchisee to Renew or 
Extend 
FA: Section 4.2 
 
You may renew the Franchise 
Agreement if you: have fully 
complied with the provisions of 
the Franchise Agreement; have 
made capital expenditures as 
necessary to maintain uniformity 
with the System; have satisfied 
all monetary obligations owed to 
us or any of our affiliates; are not 
in default of any provision of the 
Franchise Agreement or any 
