 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
30 
might have against such insurer shall automatically be assigned to Franchisor without the need for any 
further action on either party’s part. Under no circumstances shall Franchisor be required or obligated to 
seek coverage from third parties or otherwise mitigate losses in order to maintain a claim against Franchisee. 
The failure to pursue such remedy or mitigate such loss shall in no way reduce the amounts recoverable by 
Franchisor from Franchisee. Franchisee agrees to not be a party to class action suit against Franchisor or 
any of its Affiliates under any circumstances. 
 
22. GENERAL CONDITIONS AND PROVISIONS 
 
22.1 
No Waiver 
 
 
No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it hereunder, or to insist upon strict 
compliance by Franchisee with any obligation or condition hereunder, and no custom nor practice of the 
parties in variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand exact 
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Waiver by Franchisor of any particular default by Franchisee 
shall not be binding unless in writing and executed by Franchisor and shall not affect nor impair 
Franchisor’s right with respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a different nature. Subsequent 
acceptance by Franchisor of any payment(s) due shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any 
preceding breach by Franchisee of any terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
 
22.2 
Injunctive Relief 
 
 
As any breach by Franchisee of any of the restrictions contained in Sections 6, 7, and 17 would 
result in irreparable injury to Franchisor, and as the damages arising out of any such breach would be 
difficult to ascertain, in addition to all other remedies provided by law or in equity, Franchisor shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief (whether a restraining order, a preliminary injunction or a permanent 
injunction) against any such breach, whether actual or contemplated, without the necessity of posting 
security or bond and Franchisee shall be responsible for Franchisor’s reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in 
pursuing the same. Franchisor’s right to seek injunctive relief will not affect the parties’ waiver of jury trial 
and covenant to arbitrate all disputes in accordance with Section 23.7. Franchisor’s rights herein shall 
include pursuing injunctive relief through arbitration or in a state or federal court. 
 
22.3 
Notices 
 
 
All notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
received: (a) at the time delivered by hand to the recipient party (or to an officer, director or partner of the 
recipient party); (b) on the next business day after transmission by facsimile or other reasonably reliable 
electronic communication system; (c) two (2) business days after being sent via guaranteed overnight 
delivery by a commercial courier service; or (d) five (5) business days after being sent by Registered Mail, 
return receipt requested. Either party may change its address by a written notice sent in accordance with 
this Section 22.3. All notices, payments and reports required by this Agreement shall be sent to Franchisor 
at the following address, or at such other address as Franchisor may provide: 
 
 
 
 
WKAF LLC 
 
 
 
Attn.: Nicole Chaudry 
 
 
 
6523 California Avenue SW 
 
 
 
Seattle, WA 98136 
 
22.4 
Cost of Enforcement or Defense 
 
