 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
19 
e. 
We provide assistance with obtaining equipment, signs, fixtures, opening 
inventory, and supplies.  We provide specifications or a list of approved suppliers for these items.  We do 
not deliver or install these items.  (Section 13.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
f. 
We provide limited assistance to help you or your contractor conform the premises 
to local ordinances and building codes and obtain any required permits.  We provide limited assistance to 
help you or your contractor construct, remodel, or decorate the premises.  (Section 9.1 of the Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
g. 
We provide assistance in the type and number of employees that should be hired. 
However, you are solely responsible for hiring, firing, compensating, paying applicable payroll taxes and 
day-to-day supervision and control over your employees.  (Section 9.1 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
2. 
After the opening of the Franchised Business, we will: 
 
a. 
Offer you advice, discuss problems, and offer general guidance by telephone 
and/or electronic correspondence, with respect to planning and operating the Franchised Business. (Section 
14.1 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
b. 
Make available to you ongoing training as we think necessary. (Section 8.4 of the 
Franchise Agreement).  
 
c. 
Provide you with modifications to the Operations Manual as they are made 
available to franchisees. (Section 9.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
Except as expressly disclosed in this Item, we have no obligation to develop products or services you will 
offer to your customers, hire, or train your employees, improve, and/or develop your franchised business, 
resolve operational problems encountered by you, or establish: (a) prices, or (b) administrative, 
bookkeeping, accounting, or inventory control procedures. 
 
3. 
Advertising and Promotion: 
 
a. 
Local and Grand Opening Advertising. You must spend a minimum of $2,000 per 
month, or 1.5% of Gross Revenues, whichever is greater, on local advertising pursuant to our guidelines.  
You agree to spend a minimum of $4,000 - $8,000 on Grand Opening Advertising to promote the opening 
of your business, pursuant to our guidelines. (Section 11.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
b. 
Advertising Fund.  You agree to pay us each month a National Advertising and 
Development Fund Fee of 2% of your Gross Revenues from the prior month.  We may use these fees to 
conduct advertising using online, radio, television, direct mail, billboards, print or other advertising.  We 
may use local, regional, or national advertising.  We may produce advertising material in-house or through 
outside agencies.  We are not required to spend any amount on advertising in the area or territory where 
you will be located. 
 
Franchisor-owned outlets are not required to contribute to the Advertising Fund.  We administer 
the Fund.  The fund is not audited.  But you may request in writing an unaudited financial statement of how 
the fund was used in the prior fiscal year. 
