 
 
2 
 
 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate 
whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise 
substantial doubt about WKAF, LLC.’s ability to continue as a going concern for 
the period ended September 19, 2024. 
 
 
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and 
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, 
misrepresentations, 
or 
the 
override 
of 
internal 
control.  
Misstatements are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
made on the basis of these financial statements. 
 
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:  
 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. 
 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, 
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. 
 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order 
to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but 
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness WKAF, 
LLC.’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as 
well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, 
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about WKAF, 
LLC.’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of 
time. 
 
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant 
audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified 
during the audit. 
 
 
 
 
Miami, Florida 
September 24, 2024 
 
 
 
