 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
14 
 
11.3 
Advertising Council and Cooperative Advertising 
 
 
We do not have an advertising council composed of franchisees that advise us on advertising 
policies at this time, but reserve the right to form one in the future.  We do not require you to participate in 
a local or regional advertising cooperative. 
 
11.4 
Internet Advertising 
 
You are restricted from establishing a presence on, or marketing on the Internet without our written consent. 
We have an Internet website that provides information about the System and our franchises.  All information 
posted on our website or any linked webpages must be approved by us before it is posted. We retain the 
sole right to market on the Internet, including the use of websites, domain names, uniform resource locators, 
keywords, linking, search engines (and search engine optimization techniques), banner ads, meta-tags, 
marketing, auction sites, e-commerce, and co-branding arrangements. You may be requested to provide 
content for our Internet marketing and you must follow our intranet and Internet usage rules, policies and 
requirements. We retain the sole right to use the Marks on the Internet, including on websites, as domain 
names, directory addresses, search terms and meta-tags, social media pages and in connection with linking, 
marketing, co-branding and other arrangements. We retain the sole right to approve any linking to, or other 
use of, our website. You are not permitted to use a domain name containing our marks in the URL. 
 
12. ACCOUNTING, RECORDS, AND REPORTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
12.1 
Records 
 
 
During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall maintain full, complete, and accurate books, 
records and accounts in accordance with the standard accounting system prescribed by Franchisor in the 
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall utilize an accounting software such as 
Quickbooks.com (or other Franchisor approved accounting software) to manage its books. Franchisee shall 
retain during the term of this Agreement, and for three (3) years thereafter, all books and records related to 
the Franchised Business including, without limitation, purchase orders, invoices, payroll records, sales tax 
records, state and federal tax returns, bank statements, cancelled checks, deposit receipts, cash receipts and 
disbursement journals, general ledgers, and any other financial records designated by Franchisor or required 
by law. 
 
12.2 
Gross Revenues Reports 
 
 
Franchisee shall maintain an accurate record of Gross Revenues and shall deliver to Franchisor 
electronically a signed and verified statement of Gross Revenues (“Gross Revenues Report”) for the month 
ending each month by the 5th day of each month in a form that Franchisor approves or provides in the 
Operations Manual. The Gross Revenues Report for the preceding month must be provided to Franchisor 
by the close of business on the 5th of each month as provided in Section 3.2. 
 
12.3 
Financial Statements 
 
 
Franchisee shall, at its expense, submit to Franchisor within 30 days after the end of each calendar 
year, an income statement for the calendar year just ended and a balance sheet as of the last day of the 
calendar year. Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor such other periodic reports in the manner and at the 
time specified in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. 
 
