 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
21 
required maintenance, updating, upgrading, or support contracts to your computer systems is approximately 
$500. 
 
Independent Access to Information. We have, and you are required to provide, independent access to the 
information that will be generated or stored in your computer systems, which includes, but not limited to, 
customer, transaction, and operational information. You also must provide to us 24-hour access to any video 
surveillance video stream via approved equipment. We have the right to review your business operations, 
in person, by mail, or electronically, and to inspect your operations and obtain your paper and electronic 
business records related to the Franchised Business and any other operations taking place through your 
Franchised Business. There are no contractual restrictions on our right to access your data.  (Section 12.6 
of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
5. 
Site Selection 
 
 
 
We provide site selection criteria to you to assist you in locating a site for the Franchised 
Business.  We do not generally own the premises and lease it to you. We consider the following factors 
when reviewing a proposed site: (i) residential population, (ii) income levels, (iii) demographics, (iv) 
competition, (v) visibility, (vi) proximity to other franchised or affiliate locations, (vii) accessibility, (viii) 
traffic, (ix) size, (x) condition and character, (xi) parking, and (xii) available signage. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 8.2). 
 
 
You must secure a location for the Business within 45 days of the signing of the Franchise 
Agreement; this includes the requirement of obtaining our approval for your selected location. We will 
generally approve or deny your selected location within 10 days, but we maintain the right to take additional 
time if circumstances demand it. In addition, you must sign the lease or otherwise secure the legal right to 
occupy the location, meeting all the state and local specifications, within 15 days following our approval 
of such location.  If you and we do not agree on a selected site in the permitted time, we can allow you 
more time or terminate the Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
For franchisees under Area Development Agreements, we use the same site selection assistance 
procedures and timing for each additional unit franchise agreement you enter into with us as part of the 
Area Development Agreement. 
 
6. 
Typical Length of Time Before Operation 
 
 
 
We estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement 
and the opening of the franchise is approximately 180-240 days. Factors that may affect your beginning 
operations include the ability to secure permits, perform the buildout, obtain and install furniture, fixtures, 
and equipment, and hire and train employees. You must open your franchised business and be operational 
within 300 days from executing the Franchise Agreement. Nonetheless, we reserve the right to grant 
extensions to the Time Before Operations period at our sole and absolute discretion, we are in no way 
obligated to consider such extensions in any case. (Section 5.4 of the Franchise Agreement).  
 
7. 
Training 
 
 
 
We provide you with an initial training program before you commence operations, 
covering the areas identified in the below table. Up to 2 employees of your choosing may also attend at 
your option. The time frames provided in the chart are estimates of the time it will take to complete training. 
We do not charge for the initial training. You must pay for all travel costs and living expenses for yourself 
and any of your attendees.  If you replace your helper s/he must attend our training program. You will be 
charged for additional training, as provided for in Item 6. Your franchised business must at all times either 
