 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
12 
Agreement, at Franchisee's expense of $500 per person per day if ongoing training is at our location, or 
$500 per person per day (plus hotel, air fare and other expenses incurred by our trainer) if ongoing training 
is at Franchisee's location. Franchisor shall not require the Franchisee to attend more than two (2) sessions 
in any calendar year. Franchisee shall be responsible for all travel costs, room and board and employees’ 
salaries incurred in connection with its attendance at such training. 
 
9. OPERATIONS MANUAL 
 
9.1 
Loan by Franchisor 
 
 
While this Agreement is in effect, Franchisor shall lend to Franchisee one (1) copy of the 
Operations Manual or grant Franchisee access to an electronic copy of the Operations Manual. Franchisee 
shall conduct the Franchised Business in strict accordance with the provisions in the Operations Manual.  
However, you are solely responsible for hiring, firing, compensating, paying applicable payroll taxes and 
day-to-day supervision and control over your employees. 
 
9.2 
Revisions 
 
 
Franchisor has the right to add to or otherwise modify the Operations Manual from time to time to 
reflect changes in the specifications, standards, operating procedures, and rules prescribed by Franchisor; 
provided, however, that no such addition or modification shall materially alter Franchisee’s fundamental 
status and rights under this Agreement. Franchisor may make such additions or modifications without prior 
notice to Franchisee. Franchisee shall immediately, upon notice, adopt any such changes and shall ensure 
that its copy of the Operations Manual is up-to-date at all times. If a dispute as to the contents of the 
Operations Manual arises, the terms of the master copy of the Operations Manual maintained by Franchisor 
at Franchisor’s headquarters shall be controlling. 
 
9.3 
Confidentiality 
 
 
The Operations Manual contains Trade Secrets and other Confidential Information of Franchisor 
and its contents shall be kept confidential by Franchisee both during the term of the Franchise and 
subsequent to the expiration and non-renewal or termination of this Agreement. Franchisee shall at all times 
ensure that its copy of the Operations Manual is available at the Franchised Business in a current and up-
to-date manner. If the Operations Manual is in paper form or stored on computer-readable media, 
Franchisee shall maintain the Operations Manual in a secure manner at the Franchised Business; if the 
Operations Manual is in electronic form, Franchisee shall maintain the Operations Manual in a password-
protected file. Franchisee shall only grant authorized personnel, as defined in the Operations Manual, access 
to the Operations Manual or any key, combination, or passwords needed for access to the Operations 
Manual. Franchisee shall not disclose, duplicate or otherwise use any portion of the Operations Manual in 
an unauthorized manner. 
 
10. FRANCHISE SYSTEM 
 
10.1 
Uniformity 
 
 
Franchisee shall strictly comply, and shall cause the Franchised Business and its employees to 
strictly comply, with all requirements, specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules in this 
Agreement, the Operations Manual or other communications supplied to Franchisee by Franchisor. 
 
10.2 
Modification of the System 
 
