 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
 
Schedule 7: State Addenda 
 
Section 4.2.8 of the Franchise Agreement, titled “Successor Term” is modified to also state that any release 
signed by a renewing franchisee does not apply with respect to claims arising under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCS 19.100, or the rules adopted thereunder. 
 
The maximum allowable lost future royalties per Section 17.1(d) of the Franchise Agreement, titled 
“Actions to be Taken,” is limited to the earlier of 24 months following the date of termination or the 
scheduled expiration date of the term. 
 
Section 17.2.2(a) is modified to also provide that the post-term non-compete will only apply to a 25 mile 
radius of your Franchised Business. 
 
Section 17.4 of the Franchise Agreement, titled, “Franchisor’s Option to Purchase Certain Business Assets,” 
is modified to indicate that Franchisor shall purchase the assets referenced in the statute at their fair market 
value at the time of the expiration of the franchise based on the franchisor’s refusal to renew or the 
termination of the franchise upon an expiration or termination with good cause, with such amounts 
permitted to be offset by any amounts owed by the franchisee to the franchisor.” 
 
Section 18.2(f) of the franchise agreement, titled “Transfer by Franchisee to a Third Party,” is modified. 
Any release signed by a transferring does not apply with respect to claims arising under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, or the rules adopted thereunder. 
 
Section 21.3 of the Franchise Agreement, titled, “Indemnification,” is modified to also provide that, 
notwithstanding any provision in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, Section 21.3 of the Franchise 
Agreement is hereby revised to state that franchisees shall have no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless 
an indemnified party for losses to the extent they are caused by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful 
misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.  
 
Section 23.6 of the Franchise Agreement, and Section 6(f) to Schedule 2 to the Franchise Agreement, titled, 
“Limitation of Actions,” are deleted. 
 
Sections 24.1, 24.2, 24.4, and 24.5 of the Franchise Agreement are deleted. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Surety Bond- 
 
The Franchise Agreement is modified to also provide:   
A surety bond in the amount of $100,000 has been obtained by the franchisor.  The Washington Securities 
Division has made the issuance of the franchisor’s permit contingent upon the franchisor maintaining surety 
bond coverage acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all Washington franchisees have (i) received all 
initial training that they are entitled to under the franchise agreement or offering circular, and (ii) are open 
for business; or (b) the Administrator issues written authorization to the contrary. 
 
The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt of this addendum. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
FRANCHISOR: 
WKAF LLC 
