 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
33 
23.2 
Jurisdiction and Venue 
 
 
You and we agree that venue and jurisdiction for any Claims, except those required to be submitted 
to arbitration, shall be proper solely in the state and federal court nearest to our corporate headquarters, 
presently located in Seattle, Washington.  
 
23.3 
Jury Waiver 
 
 
In any trial between any of the parties as to any Claims, you and we agree to waive our rights to a 
jury trial and instead have such action tried by a judge. 
 
23.4 
Class Action Waiver 
 
 
You agree to bring any Claims, if at all, individually and you shall not join such claim with claims 
of any other person or entity or bring, join or participate in a class action against us. 
 
23.5 
Limitation of Damages 
 
 
Franchisee and Franchisor each waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right or claim for 
any punitive or exemplary damages against the other and agree that if there is a dispute with the other, each 
will be limited to the recovery of actual damages sustained by it including reasonable accounting and legal 
fees as provided in Section 22.4. Franchisee waives and disclaims any right to consequential damages in 
any action or claim against Franchisor concerning this Agreement or any related agreement. In any claim 
or action brought by Franchisee against Franchisor concerning this Agreement, Franchisee’s contract 
damages shall not exceed and shall be limited to refund of Franchisee’s Franchise Fee and Royalty Fees. 
 
23.6 
Limitation of Actions 
 
 
 
You agree to bring any Claims against us, if at all, within one (1) year of the occurrence of the 
facts giving rise to such Claims, and that any action not brought within this period shall be barred as a 
claim, counterclaim, defense, or set-off. 
 
23.7 
Prior Notice of Claims 
 
 
As a condition precedent to commencing an action for a Claim, you must notify us within thirty 
(30) days after the occurrence of the violation or breach, and failure to timely give such notice shall preclude 
any claim for damages. 
 
23.8 
Internal Dispute Resolution 
 
 
You must first bring any Claim to our CEO, after providing notice as in Section 23.7 above. You 
must exhaust this internal dispute resolution procedure before you may bring your Claim before a third 
party.   
 
23.9 
Mediation and Arbitration 
 
 
Before you may bring any Claim against us, you agree to try for a period of 60 days to mediate 
such claim before a mutually agreed to mediator in the city or county where our headquarters are located.  
If we cannot mutually agree on a mediator, you and we agree to use the mediation services of the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”), and split any AAA and mediator fees equally. 
 
