 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
9 
cards and other such identification, a prominent notice stating that the Franchised Business is an 
“Independently Owned and Operated WorldKids School Franchise” of Franchisee. 
 
6.3 
Notification of Infringements and Claims 
 
 
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor in writing of any infringement, claim of 
infringement, unfair competition, or challenge to its use of any of the Marks or claim by any person of any 
rights in any of the Marks. Franchisee shall not communicate with any person other than Franchisor and 
Franchisor’s counsel in connection with any such infringement, challenge, or claim.  However, Franchisee 
may communicate with Franchisee’s counsel at Franchisee’s expense. We are not required to take 
affirmative action when notified of these uses or claims.  We have the sole right to control any 
administrative or judicial proceeding involving a trademark licensed by us.  The Franchise Agreement does 
not require us to participate in your defense or indemnify you for expenses or damages if you are a party to 
an administrative or judicial proceeding involving a trademark licensed by us to you or if the proceeding is 
resolved unfavorable to you.   Franchisee shall execute any and all instruments and documents, render such 
assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of Franchisor’s counsel, be necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain Franchisor’s interests in any such litigation or other proceeding or to 
otherwise protect and maintain Franchisor’s interest in the Marks. 
 
6.4 
Indemnification for Use of Marks 
 
 
Franchisor is not required to participate in your defense or indemnify you for expenses or damages 
if you are a party to an administrative or judicial proceeding involving a trademark. At Franchisor’s option, 
Franchisor or its designee may defend and control the defense of any proceeding arising directly from 
Franchisee’s use of any Mark. 
 
6.5 
Discontinuance of Use 
 
 
If Franchisor deems it necessary for Franchisee to modify or discontinue use of any of the Marks, 
and/or use one (1) or more additional or substitute trade names, trademarks, service marks or other 
commercial symbols, Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s directions within ten (10) business days 
after notice to Franchisee by Franchisor and subject to the limitations in Section 10.2. Franchisor shall not 
be required to reimburse Franchisee for its expenses in modifying or discontinuing the use of a Mark or any 
loss of goodwill associated with any modified or discontinued Mark or for any expenditures made by 
Franchisee to promote a modified or substitute Mark. 
 
6.6 
Right to Inspect 
 
 
To preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks and any copyrighted materials licensed 
hereunder, and to ensure that Franchisee is properly employing the Marks in the operation of the Franchised 
Business, Franchisor reserves the right to inspect the Franchised Business at any time without advanced 
notice. 
 
6.7 
Franchisor’s Sole Right to Domain Name 
 
 
Franchisee shall NOT advertise on the Internet, or establish, create, or operate an Internet site or 
website using a domain name or uniform resource locator containing the Marks or any variation thereof 
without Franchisor’s written approval. Franchisor is the sole owner of a right, title, and interest in and to 
such domain names. Franchisor will provide contact information for your Franchised Business on its 
website. 
 
