 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
25 
ITEM 13. TRADEMARKS 
 
The franchise agreement licenses to you the right to use the following principal trademarks (“Marks”) 
registered or applied for with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”): 
 
Description of Mark 
Serial or 
Registration 
Number 
Principal or 
Supplemental 
Register of the 
USPTO 
Registration 
Date 
 
 
 
 
7425277 
 
Principal 
 
June 25, 2024 
 
WORLDKIDS SCHOOL 
 
7425275 
 
Principal  
 
June 25, 2024 
 
WORLDKIDS 
 
7425274 
 
Principal 
 
June 25, 2024 
 
We have filed all required affidavits and renewals. 
 
WorldKids Academy, LLC, a Washington State Limited Liability Company, owns the trademarks 
listed in the chart above and licenses them to us pursuant to a written License Agreement dated March 26, 
2025. The License Agreement is perpetual in duration and may be terminated upon a material breach not 
remedied after 30 days’ written notice.  If the License Agreement were terminated, you will still have rights 
to use the trademarks licensed to us under the License Agreement so long as you continue to have an active 
Franchise Agreement.  There are no other currently effective agreements that significantly limit our rights 
to use or license the use of our trademarks listed in this section. 
 
There are no currently effective determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, or any state trademark administrator or any court; or any pending infringement, opposition, or 
cancellation proceeding in which we unsuccessfully sought to prevent registration of a trademark in order 
to protect a trademark licensed by the franchisor. There is no pending material federal or state court 
litigation regarding our use or ownership rights in a trademark. 
 
We know of no infringing or prior superior uses that could materially affect the use of the Marks. 
 
You must immediately notify us in writing when you learn about any claim of infringement, unfair 
competition, or similar claims about the Marks. You must not communicate with any person other than us 
and our counsel regarding any infringements, challenges or claims unless you are legally required to do so. 
