 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
8 
(e) 
obtain all necessary state, county, city, and local permits and licenses; 
 
(f) 
pay in full all amounts due to Franchisor; 
 
(g) 
if Franchisee is a business entity, Franchisee has caused each of its stock certificates or 
other ownership interest certificates to be conspicuously endorsed upon the face thereof a statement in a 
form satisfactory to Franchisor that such ownership interest is held subject to, and that further assignment 
or transfer thereof is subject to, all restrictions imposed upon transfers and assignments by this Agreement; 
and 
 
(h) 
obtain Franchisor’s permission and approval of an opening date; Franchisor shall not 
unreasonably withhold consent to open. Permission to open shall be based on Franchisor’s determination 
that Franchisee is ready to open and satisfactorily prepared to operate. 
 
5.4 
Failure to Open 
 
 
Should Franchisee fail to commence operations of the Franchised Business within 300 days after 
the Effective Date, Franchisor has the right to terminate this Agreement. Franchisee must secure a location 
within 45 days. Franchisor shall have a period of 10 days to approve such location, and Franchisee must 
sign the lease within 15 days following our approval of such location. If this Agreement is terminated 
according to this Section 5.4, Franchisor shall retain the entire Franchise Fee paid by Franchisee. The 
Franchise Fee retained shall be specifically understood and agreed by the parties to be in consideration of 
the services provided, time expended, work performed, and other efforts of Franchisor up to the date of 
Franchisee’s failure to timely commence operations of the Franchised Business and shall not be construed 
as nor considered to be a penalty. 
 
6. PROPRIETARY MARKS 
 
6.1 
Ownership 
 
 
Franchisee’s right to use the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement, is exclusive and is 
limited to the conduct of business by Franchisee according to, and in compliance with, this Agreement and 
all applicable standards, specifications and operating procedures prescribed from time to time by 
Franchisor. Any unauthorized use of the Marks by Franchisee is a breach of this Agreement and an 
infringement of the rights of Franchisor in and to the Marks. Franchisee’s use of the Marks, and any 
goodwill created thereby, shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor. Franchisee shall not at any time acquire 
an ownership interest in the Marks by virtue of any use it may make of the Marks. This Agreement does 
not confer any goodwill, title or interest in the Marks to Franchisee. Franchisee shall not, at any time during 
the term of this Agreement or after its termination or expiration, contest the validity or ownership of any of 
the Marks or assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of any of the Marks. 
 
6.2 
Limitations on Use 
 
 
 
Franchisee shall not use any Mark or portion of any Mark as part of any business entity name. 
Franchisee shall not use any Mark in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in 
any other manner not expressly authorized in writing by Franchisor. Franchisee shall give such notices of 
trademark and service mark registrations as Franchisor specifies and obtain such fictitious or assumed name 
registrations as may be required under applicable law to do business as a Franchised Business. Franchisee 
shall not register or seek to register as a trademark or service mark, either with the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office or any state or foreign country, any of the Marks or a trademark or service mark that is 
confusingly similar to any Mark licensed to Franchisee. Franchisee shall include on its letterhead, forms, 
