 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
 
Schedule 2: Nondisclosure and Non-
Compete Agreement 
 
 
 
 
c) During the term of Individual’s relationship with Franchisee and for a period of two (2) 
years thereafter, regardless of the cause of termination, Individual shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or 
otherwise attempt to induce or influence any business associate of Franchisee, Company or any other 
WorldKids School Business to compete against, or terminate or modify his, her or its business relationship 
with, Franchisee, Company or any other WorldKids School Business.  
 
 
4. 
Reasonableness of Restrictions  
 
 
 
Individual acknowledges that each of the terms stated here, including the restrictive 
covenants, is fair and reasonable and is reasonably required for the protection of Franchisee, Company, and 
Company’s Trade Secrets and other Confidential Information, the Company’s business system, network of 
franchises and trade and service marks, and Individual waives any right to challenge these restrictions as 
being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. If, however, a court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that any such restriction is unreasonable or unenforceable, then Individual shall submit to the 
reduction of any such activity, time period or geographic restriction necessary to enable the court to enforce 
such restrictions to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. It is the desire and intent of the parties 
that the provisions of this Agreement shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and 
public policies applied in any jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. 
 
 
5. 
Relief for Breaches of Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition 
 
 
 
Individual further acknowledges that an actual or threatened violation of the covenants 
contained in this Agreement will cause Franchisee and Company immediate and irreparable harm, damage 
and injury that cannot be fully compensated for by an award of damages or other remedies at law. 
Accordingly, Franchisee and/or Company shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to an injunction from any 
court of competent jurisdiction restraining any further violation by Individual of this Agreement without 
any requirement to show any actual damage or to post any bond or other security. Such right to an injunction 
shall be cumulative and in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights and remedies that Franchisee 
and Company may have at law or in equity.  
 
 
6. 
Dispute Resolution   
 
 
a) Choice of Law.  Except as to claims governed by federal law, the local law where the Franchised 
Business is located governs all claims that in any way relate to or arise out of this Agreement or any of the 
dealings of the parties (“Claims”).  However, no laws regulating the sale of franchises or governing the 
relationship between franchisor and franchisee shall apply unless the jurisdictional requirements of such 
laws are met independently of this paragraph.  
 
 
b) Jurisdiction and Venue.  You and we agree that venue and jurisdiction for any Claims, except 
those required to be submitted to arbitration, shall be proper solely in the state and federal court nearest to 
our corporate headquarters. 
 
 
c) Jury Waiver.  In any trial between any of the parties as to any Claims, you and we agree to 
waive our rights to a jury trial and instead have such action tried by a judge. 
 
 
d) Class Action Waiver.  You agree to bring any Claims, if at all, individually and you shall not 
join such claim with claims of any other person or entity or bring, join or participate in a class action against 
us. 
 
e) Punitive Damages Waiver.  As to any Claims, you and we agree to waive our rights, if any, to 
seek or recover punitive damages. 
