 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
16 
13.1 
Authorized Products, Services, and Suppliers 
 
 
13.1.1 Franchisee acknowledges that the reputation and goodwill of the System is based in large 
part on offering high quality products and services to its customers. Accordingly, Franchisee shall provide 
or offer for sale or use at the Franchised Business only those services, with the greatest diligence and care 
by Franchisee, that Franchisor approves (and which are not thereafter disapproved) and that comply with 
Franchisor’s specifications and quality standards. If required by Franchisor, any such items or services shall 
be purchased only from Franchisor. Franchisor shall maintain inventory levels for all supplies offered solely 
by Franchisor at a level sufficient to ensure prompt delivery to all Franchisees. Franchisee shall NOT offer 
for sale, sell or provide through the Franchised Business or from the Franchised Business any products or 
services that Franchisor has not approved. Furthermore, Franchisee must offer for sale all services and 
products currently offered by Franchisor or which will be offered by the Franchisor in the future. 
 
 
13.1.2 Notwithstanding anything contrary in this Agreement, Franchisor has the right to review 
from time to time its approval of any items or suppliers. Franchisor may revoke its approval of any item, 
service or supplier at any time by notifying Franchisee and/or the supplier. Franchisee shall, at its own 
expense, promptly cease using, selling or providing any items or services disapproved by Franchisor. The 
cost to review a new product or service as proposed by Franchisee shall not exceed $1,000.00 per product 
or service. 
 
 
13.1.3 Franchisor has the right to designate certain products and services, not otherwise authorized 
for general use as part of the System, to be offered locally or regionally based upon such factors as 
Franchisor determines including, but not limited to, franchisee qualifications, test marketing and regional 
or local differences. Franchisor has the right to give its consent to one (1) or more franchisees to provide 
certain products or services not authorized for general use as part of the System. Such consent will be based 
upon the factors in Section 10.4 and shall not create any rights in Franchisee to provide the same products 
or services. 
 
 
13.1.4 Franchisor has the right to retain volume rebates, markups, and other benefits from 
suppliers or in connection with the furnishing of supplies. Franchisee shall have no entitlement to or interest 
in any such benefits. 
 
 
13.1.5 Franchisor shall provide Franchisee, in the Operations Manual or other written or electronic 
form, with a list of specifications and, if required, a list of Approved Suppliers for some or all of the 
supplies, furniture, fixtures, inventory, equipment and other approved or specified items and services, and 
Franchisor may from time to time issue revisions to such list. If Franchisor or an Affiliate is an Approved 
Supplier, Franchisee shall execute a standard form purchase or supply agreement for the items to be 
supplied by Franchisor or its Affiliate. If Franchisee desires to utilize any products, services or new 
technology that Franchisor has not approved (for products and services that require supplier approval), 
Franchisee shall first send Franchisor sufficient information, specifications and samples for Franchisor to 
determine whether the service or product complies with its standards and specifications or whether the 
supplier meets its Approved Supplier criteria. Franchisee shall bear all expenses incurred by Franchisor in 
connection with determining whether it shall approve an item, service or supplier, not to exceed $1,000.00. 
Franchisor will decide within a reasonable time (usually thirty [30] days) after receiving the required 
information whether Franchisee may purchase or lease such items or services or from such supplier. 
Approval of a supplier may be conditioned on the supplier’s ability to provide sufficient quantity of product; 
quality of products or services at competitive prices; production and delivery capability; and dependability 
and general reputation. Nothing in this Section shall be construed to require Franchisor to approve any 
particular supplier, or to require Franchisor to make available to prospective suppliers, standards and 
specifications that Franchisor deems confidential. 
 
