 
 
4 
 
WKAF, LLC.  
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
September 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
WKAF, LLC. (“Company”) was formed in the State of Washington in July 2024. 
The principal purpose of the Company is to offer and sell franchises that 
offer learning centers that introduce children to hands on preschool 
curriculum while immersing them in Mandarin Chinese and Spanish languages 
and international culture. 
  
a) 
Method of Accounting 
 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the 
accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
(GAAP). 
 
b) 
Property and Equipment 
 
Property and equipment will be stated at cost.  Depreciation will 
be computed using the straight line method of depreciation over the 
estimated useful life of the assets, which are 5 years. 
 
For federal income tax purposes, depreciation will be computed using 
the appropriate accelerated methods allowed for tax purposes. 
Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the 
useful lives of property and equipment will be capitalized.  
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs will be charged to expense 
as incurred. 
 
c) 
Franchise Revenues 
 
Income will principally be comprised of revenues earned by the 
Company as part of the franchise sales to customers. Additional 
revenues earned by the Company are expected from the sales of 
marketing materials and other services to the franchisees and 
royalties. 
 
The Company recognizes its franchise revenues in accordance with 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 606, which allows 
that franchise fees from franchise sales be recognized, net of an 
allowance for uncollectible amounts, if the initial “franchise fee” 
is distinct from the franchise license. A portion of the initial 
franchise fee is allocated to certain distinct performance 
obligations and is recognized as revenue when the Company has 
determined it has provided substantially all of its material 
obligations required to recognize revenue related to those distinct 
performance obligations. Initial franchise fees generally consist 
of pre-opening services determined by Franchisor that are separate 
and distinct (typically upfront and not brand specific) such as 
 
