 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
32 
 
Whenever a period of time is provided in this Agreement for either party to perform any act, except 
pay monies, neither party shall be liable nor responsible for any delays due to strikes, lockouts, casualties, 
acts of God, war, terrorism, governmental regulation or control or other causes beyond the reasonable 
control of the parties, and the time period for the performance of such act shall be extended for the amount 
of time of the delay. This clause shall not result in an extension of the term of this Agreement. 
 
22.11 Timing 
 
 
Time is of the essence. Except as in Section 22.10, failure to perform any act within the time 
required or permitted by this Agreement shall be a material breach. 
 
22.12 Withholding Payments 
 
 
Franchisee shall not, for any reason, withhold payment of any Royalty Fees or other amounts due 
to Franchisor or to an Affiliate. Franchisee shall not withhold or offset any amounts, damages or other 
monies allegedly due to Franchisee against any amounts due to Franchisor. No endorsement or statement 
on any payment for less than the full amount due to Franchisor will be construed as an acknowledgment of 
payment in full, or an accord and satisfaction, and Franchisor has the right to accept and cash any such 
payment without prejudice to Franchisor’s right to recover the full amount due, or pursue any other remedy 
provided in this Agreement or by law. Franchisor has the right to apply any payments made by Franchisee 
against any of Franchisee’s past due indebtedness as Franchisor deems appropriate. Franchisor shall set off 
sums Franchisor owes to Franchisee against any unpaid debts owed by Franchisee to Franchisor. 
 
22.13 Further Assurances 
 
 
Each party to this Agreement will execute and deliver such further instruments, contracts, forms or 
other documents, and will perform such further acts, as may be necessary or desirable to perform or 
complete any term, covenant or obligation contained in this Agreement. 
 
22.14 Third Party Beneficiaries 
 
 
Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, nothing in this Agreement is intended, nor shall be 
deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than Franchisor or Franchisee, and their respective 
successors and assigns as may be contemplated by this Agreement, any rights or remedies under this 
Agreement. 
 
22.15 Multiple Originals 
 
 
Both parties will execute multiple copies of this Agreement, and each executed copy will be deemed 
an original. 
 
23. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
23.1 
Choice of Law 
 
 
Except as to claims governed by federal law, Washington State law governs all claims that in any 
way relate to or arise out of this Agreement or any of the dealings of the parties (“Claims”). However, no 
laws regulating the sale of franchises or governing the relationship between franchisor and franchisee shall 
apply unless the jurisdictional requirements of such laws are met independently of this paragraph.   
 
