 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
20 
If not all advertising funds are spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue, we will carry them over 
to apply in future years. 
No advertising fund fees may be principally used to solicit new franchise sales.  (Section 11.1 of 
the Franchise Agreement). 
            In our last fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, we did not raise or spend any Advertising Fund 
Fees. 
 
c. 
Use of Your Own Advertising Material.  You may use your own advertising 
materials provided that you submit them to us and we approve them, in writing, and they adhere to federal, 
state and local law. (Section 11.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
d. 
Advertising Council and Advertising Cooperatives.  We do not have an advertising 
council composed of franchisees that advise us on advertising policies at this time, but reserve the right to 
form one in the future.  We do not require you to participate in a local or regional advertising cooperative. 
(Section 11.3 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
e. 
You are restricted from establishing a presence on, or marketing on the Internet 
without our written consent. We have an Internet website that provides information about the System and 
our franchises. All information posted on our website or any linked webpages must be approved by us 
before it is posted. We retain the sole right to market on the Internet, including the use of websites, domain 
names, uniform resource locators, keywords, linking, search engines (and search engine optimization 
techniques), banner ads, meta-tags, marketing, auction sites, e-commerce, and co-branding arrangements. 
You may be requested to provide content for our Internet marketing and you must follow our intranet and 
Internet usage rules, policies and requirements. We retain the sole right to use the Marks on the Internet, 
including on websites, as domain names, directory addresses, search terms and meta-tags, social media 
pages and in connection with linking, marketing, co-branding and other arrangements. We retain the sole 
right to approve any linking to, or other use of, our website. You are not permitted to use a domain name 
containing our marks in the URL. (Section 11.4 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
4. 
Computer Systems: 
 
 
 
You must purchase and use any hardware and software programs we designate. (Section 
12.5 of the Franchise Agreement). Presently, we require you to purchase the following hardware and 
software: 
 
Hardware 
1 desktop or laptop computer with internet access and a printer/ copier/ scanner; 
one iPad per classroom (usually 5-12; leased) 
Software 
Procare/ Tuition Express, Quickbooks Online 
 
 
 
 
The approximate cost of the hardware and software ranges from $3,500 to $4,000.  
 
 
 
Neither we nor our affiliates or any third party have any obligation to provide ongoing 
maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates. You must maintain your computer systems in good working 
order and must replace, update, or upgrade your hardware systems as we require. There is no contractual 
limitation on the frequency or cost of such maintenance duties.  The estimated annual cost of optional or 
