 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
29 
21. RELATIONSHIP AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
21.1 
Relationship 
 
 
This Agreement is purely a contractual relationship between the parties and does not appoint or 
make Franchisee an agent, legal representative, joint-venturer, partner, employee, servant, or independent 
contractor of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever. Franchisee may not represent or imply to third parties 
that Franchisee is an agent of Franchisor, and Franchisee is in no way authorized to make any contract, 
agreement, warranty, or representation on behalf of Franchisor, or to create any obligation, express or 
implied, on Franchisor’s behalf. During the term of this Agreement, and any extension or renewal hereof, 
Franchisee shall hold itself out to the public only as a franchisee and an owner of the Franchised Business 
operating the Franchised Business according to a franchise from Franchisor. Franchisee shall take such 
affirmative action as may be necessary to do so including, without limitation, exhibiting a notice of that 
fact in a conspicuous place on all forms, stationery or other written materials, the content of which 
Franchisor has the right to specify. Under no circumstances shall Franchisor be liable for any act, omission, 
contract, debt, nor any other obligation of Franchisee. Franchisor shall in no way be responsible for any 
injuries to persons or property resulting from the operation of the Franchised Business by Franchisee. Any 
third-party contractors and vendors retained by Franchisee to convert or construct the premises are 
independent contractors of Franchisee alone. 
 
21.2 
Standard of Care 
 
 
This Agreement does not establish a fiduciary relationship between the parties.  
 
21.3 
Indemnification 
 
 
Franchisee shall hold harmless and indemnify Franchisor, any Affiliate, all holders of a legal or 
beneficial interest in Franchisor and all officers, directors, executives, managers, members, partners, 
owners, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively “Franchisor Indemnities”) from and against 
all losses, damages, fines, costs, expenses or liability (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and all other 
costs of litigation) incurred in connection with any action, suit, demand, claim, investigation or proceeding, 
or any settlement thereof, which arises from or is based upon Franchisee’s (a) ownership or operation of 
the Franchised Business; (b) violation, breach or asserted violation or breach of any federal, state or local 
law, regulation or rule; (c) breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or provision of this Agreement 
or any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor (or an Affiliate); (d) defamation of Franchisor 
or the System; (e) acts, errors or omissions committed or incurred in connection with the Franchised 
Business; or (f) infringement, violation or alleged infringement or violation of any Mark, patent or copyright 
or any misuse of the Trade Secrets or other Confidential Information. The obligations of this Section 21.3 
shall expressly survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
21.4 
Right to Retain Counsel 
 
 
Franchisee shall give Franchisor immediate notice of any such action, suit, demand, claim, 
investigation, or proceeding that may give rise to a claim for indemnification by a Franchisor Indemnity. 
Franchisor has the right to retain counsel of its own choosing in connection with any such action, suit, 
demand, claim, investigation or proceeding. In order to protect persons, property, Franchisor’s reputation 
or the goodwill of others, Franchisor has the right to, at any time without notice, take such remedial or 
corrective actions as it deems expedient with respect to any action, suit, demand, claim, investigation or 
proceeding if, in Franchisor’s sole judgment, there are grounds to believe any of the acts or circumstances 
listed above have occurred. If Franchisor’s exercise of its rights under this Section causes any of 
Franchisee’s insurers to refuse to pay a third-party claim, all cause of action and legal remedies Franchisee 
