 
 
 
WKAF, LLC. 
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – (Cont.) 
 
d) 
Accounts Receivable 
 
Trade accounts receivable consist of amounts due for franchise 
sales, are carried at their estimated collectible amounts and trade 
credit is generally extended on a short-term basis; thus trade 
receivables do not bear interest.  Trade accounts receivable are 
periodically evaluated for collectability based on past credit 
history with customers and their current financial condition. 
 
The Company uses the reserve method of accounting for bad debts for 
financial reporting purposes and the direct write-off method for 
income tax purposes.  Trade accounts receivable are charged against 
the allowance account when such receivables are deemed to be 
uncollectible. 
Management 
considers 
all 
unreserved 
accounts 
receivable to be collectible. As of December 31, 2024, a total of 
$0 in accounts were reserved. 
 
 
e) 
Income Taxes   
 
The Company filed an election with the Internal Revenue service to 
be treated as a Limited Liability Corporation (“LLC”) for all its 
taxable years.  An LLC is not subject to corporate income tax.  The 
Company’s taxable income or loss and tax credits pass through to 
the members.  
 
The Company follows the provisions of Accounting Standards 
Codification 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, 
which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes 
recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements, and prescribes 
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial 
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or 
expected to be taken in a tax return.  It also provides guidance on 
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting 
in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 
 
 
f)    Cash Flows 
 
            For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash equivalents     
consist of cash on hand and in banks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-8- 
