 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
1 
ITEM 1. THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENT, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
 
The Franchisor. 
 
The franchisor is WKAF LLC For ease of reference in this disclosure document, WKAF LLC is referred 
to as “we,” “us,” or “our” and the person who is considering the franchise is referred to as “you” or “your.” 
If you are a corporation, limited liability company, or other legal entity (“legal entity”), certain provisions 
of the franchise agreement and any related agreements will apply to your owners. 
 
We are a Washington State Limited Liability Company formed on July 18, 2024.  
 
We do business under our corporate name and WorldKids School.  
 
Our principal business address is 6523 California Avenue SW, Seattle, WA 98136.  
 
Exhibit B contains our agents for service of process. 
 
We have not operated a business of the type being franchised, engaged in any other line of business, have 
not offered franchises in any other line of business, and began offering franchises in 2024.  
 
Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates. 
 
Parents or Predecessors. 
 
We do not have a parent or predecessor. 
 
Affiliates. 
 
We have an affiliate, WorldKids Academy, LLC, a Washington State limited liability company formed on 
January 30, 2015, with a principal business address at 6523 California Avenue SW, Seattle, WA 98136, 
which has operated an outlet similar to the one offered through this disclosure document since 2015. 
 
The Affiliate has not offered franchises in this line or any other line of business and does not provide 
products or services to franchisees. 
 
The Franchise Offered. 
 
We offer franchises to operate a learning center offering immersion classes in Spanish and Mandarin for 
children ranging from ages 2 months to 6 years old under the trademark and trade name WorldKids School.  
 
You must operate the franchised business according to our standards and specifications, and sign our 
standard franchise agreement (“Franchise Agreement”).  
 
We also offer qualified individuals the right to operate multiple Franchised Businesses, typically three to 
five, per an agreed upon development schedule, under an Area Development Agreement. You must execute 
the franchise agreement for your first outlet under the Area Development Agreement at the same time as 
the Area Development Agreement.  You must sign then current future franchise agreements which may 
differ from the form of franchise agreement included in this franchise disclosure document. We base our 
qualifications on whether or not we will also offer you the opportunity to become an area developer based 
on your financial resources, your experience in the industry, your business experience, as well as your 
marketing and sales plans. 
