 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
27 
 
All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials concerning the franchised business and/or the System, 
whether or not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your owners or 
employees, must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed our sole and exclusive property and a part 
of the System that we may choose to adopt and/or disclose to other franchisees, and you agree to assign to 
us all right, title and interest in any intellectual property so developed without additional compensation to 
you. Likewise, we will disclose to you concepts and developments of other franchisees that we make part 
of the System. You must also assist us in obtaining intellectual property rights in any concept or 
development if requested. 
 
Your use of the Operations Manual, trade secrets or other confidential information in an 
unauthorized manner is a default of the Franchise Agreement that may result in automatic termination of 
the Franchise Agreement. Further information about termination of the Franchise Agreement following a 
default is included in Item 17. 
 
ITEM 15. OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
Either the Franchisee or its on-site Designated Manager must devote sufficient efforts to the 
management of the day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business, but not less than forty (40) hours per 
week.  While you have the right to select any Designated Manager, we retain the right to accept or reject 
any proposed individual or entity as the Designated Manager. You will be responsible for the compensation 
to any individual or entity you contract to act as the Designated Manager of the Business. You have the 
sole legal responsibility for any dispute relating to such individual or entity. We maintain the right to require 
any approved Designated Manager to attend and satisfactorily complete our initial training program before 
opening the Business. You must keep us informed at all times of the identity of your Designated Manager. 
If you must replace the Designated Manager, your replacement Manager must be approved by us within 60 
days, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld – we may additionally require such replacement 
Designated Manager to attend and complete our training program at your expense. If the Franchisee is an 
entity, its Designated Manager is not required to own an equity interest in the Franchisee. 
 
As described in ITEM 14, certain individuals associated with your Franchised Business, including 
your owners, officers, directors, partners, and your managers, executives, employees, and staff may be 
required to sign nondisclosure and non-competition agreements the same as or similar to the Nondisclosure 
and Non-Competition Agreement attached to the Franchise Agreement. We will be a third-party beneficiary 
with the independent right to enforce the agreements. 
 
If you are a corporation or other business entity, anyone who owns a 5% or greater interest in the 
entity must personally guarantee the performance of all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement 
and agree to be personally liable for your breach of the Franchise Agreement by signing the Unlimited 
Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached to the Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 16. RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
You must offer and sell all the services and products we specify. You may not sell any services or 
products that we have not authorized and you must discontinue offering any services or products that we 
may disapprove of. We may take action, including terminating your franchise if you purchase or sell 
unapproved products or make purchases from unapproved suppliers. We may periodically change required 
or authorized services or products. There are no limits on our right to do so, except that your investment 
required to change required or authorized products or services will not be unreasonably disproportionate to 
your initial investment. 
