 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
26 
However, you may communicate with your own counsel at your own expense. We are not required to take 
affirmative action when notified of these uses or claims. We have the sole right to control any administrative 
or judicial proceeding involving a trademark licensed by us.  The Franchise Agreement does not require us 
to participate in your defense or indemnify you for expenses or damages if you are a party to an 
administrative or judicial proceeding involving a trademark licensed by us to you or if the proceeding is 
resolved unfavorable to you.   You must take any actions that, in the opinion of our counsel, may be 
advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain our 
interests in the Marks. 
 
If we require, you must modify or discontinue the use of any Mark and use other trademarks or 
service marks we designate. We do not have to reimburse you for modifying or discontinuing the use of a 
Mark or for substituting another trademark or service mark for a discontinued Mark. If we adopt and use 
new or modified Marks, you must add or replace equipment, supplies and fixtures, and you must make 
other modifications we designate as necessary to adapt your franchised business for the new or modified 
Marks. We do not reimburse you for any loss of goodwill associated with a modified or discontinued Mark. 
 
ITEM 14. PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
No patents or pending patent applications are material to the franchise. We own copyrights in the 
Operations Manual, our website, our marketing materials, training manuals or videos, and other 
copyrightable items that are part of the System. While we claim copyrights in these and similar items, we 
have not registered these copyrights with the United States Register of Copyrights. You may use these items 
only as we specify while operating the Franchised Business and you must stop using them if we direct you 
to do so. 
 
We do not have an obligation to protect the copyrights or to defend you against claims arising from 
your use of the copyrighted items.  You must notify us if any claim for copyright infringement is brought 
against you over materials in which we claim a copyright.  We have the right to control litigation over our 
copyrights.  We are not required to participate in your defense or indemnify you for expenses and damages 
in a proceeding involving a copyright licensed to you.  Your rights in the franchise agreement would 
continue if we require you to modify or discontinue using the subject matter covered by the copyright. 
 
We know of no effective determinations of the U.S. Copyright Office or any court regarding any 
of our copyrighted materials. Our right to use or license copyrighted items is not materially limited by any 
agreement or known infringing use. 
 
We have developed certain trade secrets and other confidential information, including methods of 
business management, sales and promotion techniques, and know-how, knowledge of, and experience in, 
operating a WorldKids School Business. We will provide our trade secrets and other confidential 
information to you during training, in the Operations Manual and as a result of the assistance we furnish 
you during the term of the franchise. You may only use the trade secrets and other confidential information 
for the purpose of operating your Franchised Business. You may only divulge trade secrets and/or other 
confidential information to employees who must have access to it to operate the Franchised Business. You 
are responsible for enforcing the confidentiality provisions as to your employees. 
 
Certain individuals with access to trade secrets or other confidential information, including your 
shareholders, officers, directors, partners, members, if you are a corporation, limited liability company or 
other business entity, and your managers, executives, employees and staff may be required to sign 
nondisclosure and non-competition agreements in a form the same as or similar to the Nondisclosure and 
Non-Competition Agreement attached to the Franchise Agreement. We will be a third-party beneficiary 
with the right to enforce those agreements. 
