 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
24 
We or an affiliate also reserves the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, 
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, to make sales within your territory of products 
or services under trademarks different from the ones that you will use under the franchise agreement. 
 
We are not obligated to pay compensation to you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside your 
territory. 
 
You and other franchisees may not solicit (but may accept) orders from consumers outside of your 
territory, including through the use of other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, 
telemarketing, or other direct marketing, but you may engage in internet and social media marketing 
pursuant to our guidelines which such marketing may extend outside your territory.  We also reserve the 
right to implement cross-territorial protocols and other guidelines applicable to such situations as group 
advertising buys by multiple franchisees which may extend into multiple territories, solicitation of orders 
of individuals who may reside in one territory, yet work in another, and other cross-territorial situations.  
You agree to abide by any such cross-territorial protocols. 
 
Neither we nor an affiliate operates, franchises, or has plans to operate or franchise a business under 
a different trademark which such business sells or will sell goods or services similar to those you will offer, 
but we reserve the right to do so. 
 
Area Developers: 
 
 
Under the Area Development Agreement (the “ADA”), you will develop, open and operate multiple 
outlets within a defined Development Area (the “Development Area”). We determine the Development 
Area using the same criteria that we use in deciding the Territory for a Business.  
 
 
You will receive an exclusive territory, meaning a geographic area within which we promise not to 
establish either a company-owned or franchised outlet selling the same or similar goods or services under 
the same or similar trademarks or service marks. 
 
When you seek to open further outlets under the ADA, we apply our then current site selection 
criteria to approve or disapprove of such outlets. 
 
Your ADA will contain a Development Schedule.  If you do not meet the Development Schedule, 
we may terminate your rights to open future territories under the ADA, but may not terminate franchise 
agreements already in place. 
 
[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
 
 
