 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM 
TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
As to franchises governed by the North Dakota franchise laws, if any of the terms of the Disclosure 
Document are inconsistent with the terms below, the terms below control. 
 
Restrictive Covenants:  To the extent that covenants not to compete apply to periods after the term of the 
franchise agreement, they are generally unenforceable under North Dakota law. 
 
Applicable Laws:  North Dakota law will govern the franchise agreement. 
 
Jurisdiction and Venue: The provisions concerning choice of law and jurisdiction and venue are hereby 
deleted and in their place is substituted the following language: 
 
“You agree to bring any claim against us, including our present and former employees, agents, and affiliates, 
which in any way relates to or arises out of this Agreement, or any of the dealings of the parties hereto, 
solely in arbitration before the American Arbitration Association.” 
 
Waiver of Trial by Jury:  Any waiver of a trial by jury will not apply to North Dakota Franchises. 
 
Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages: Any waiver of punitive damages will not apply to North Dakota 
Franchisees. 
 
General Release:  Any requirement that the franchisee sign a general release upon renewal of the franchise 
agreement does not apply to franchise agreements covered under North Dakota law. 
 
Enforcement of Agreement: Any requirement in the Franchise Agreement that requires the franchisee to 
pay all costs and expenses incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement is void.  Instead, the 
prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including attorney's 
fees. 
 
Item 17(u) of the Disclosure Document is modified to provide that the site of mediation and arbitration 
shall be agreeable to all parties and may not be remote from the franchisee’s place of business. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
