 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
34 
 
If mediation is unsuccessful and you decide to pursue a legal claim against us, you agree to bring 
such claim solely in binding arbitration conducted in the city or county where our headquarters is located, 
in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in 
effect. The proceedings will be held by a single arbitrator. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and 
binding upon the parties. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court 
having personal and subject matter jurisdiction. 
 
23.10 Waiver of Bond 
 
You agree that if we are forced to bring suit to enforce any provision of this Agreement, you agree 
to waive any requirement that we post bond to obtain a temporary, preliminary, or permanent injunction to 
enforce these duties. 
 
23.11 Attorney Fees 
 
 
If we are the substantially prevailing party as to any Claims, you agree to reimburse our costs and 
attorney fees incurred in pursuing or defending the Claims. 
 
23.12  Third Party Beneficiaries 
 
Our officers, directors, members, shareholders, agents, and employees are express third-party 
beneficiaries of the terms of the Dispute Resolution provisions contained herein. 
 
24. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
 
24.1 
Receipt of this Agreement and the Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
 
Franchisee represents and acknowledges that it has received, read and understands this Agreement 
and Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document; and that Franchisor has accorded Franchisee ample time 
and opportunity to consult with advisors of its own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of 
entering into this Agreement. Franchisee represents and acknowledges that it has received Franchisor’s 
Franchise Disclosure Document at least fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the date on which this 
Agreement was executed. 
 
24.2 
Consultation by Franchisee 
 
 
Franchisee represents that it has been urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to the 
legal, financial and other aspects of this Agreement, the business franchised hereby and the prospects for 
that business. Franchisee represents that it has either consulted with such advisors or has deliberately 
declined to do so. 
 
24.3 
True and Accurate Information 
 
 
Franchisee represents that all information in any and all applications, financial statements, and 
submissions to Franchisor is true, complete, and accurate in all respects, and Franchisee acknowledges that 
Franchisor is relying upon the truthfulness, completeness, and accuracy of such information. 
 
24.4 
Risk 
 
 
 
Franchisee represents that it has conducted an independent investigation of the business 
contemplated by this Agreement and acknowledges that, like any other business, an investment in a 
