 
 
6 
 
WKAF, LLC.  
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
September 19, 2024 
 
 
1. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – (Cont.) 
 
e) 
Income Taxes (Cont.)  
 
The Company follows the provisions of Accounting Standards 
Codification 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, 
which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes 
recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements, and prescribes 
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial 
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or 
expected to be taken in a tax return.  It also provides guidance on 
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting 
in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 
 
 
f)    Cash Flows 
 
            For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash equivalents     
consist of cash on hand and in banks. 
 
 
 
g)    Pervasiveness of Estimates 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and 
expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ 
from those estimates.  
 
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant 
judgment.  It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of 
the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that 
existed at the date of the balance sheet, which management 
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near 
term due to one or more future confirming events.  Accordingly, the 
actual results could differ significantly from estimates. 
 
 
      h)    Long-Lived Assets  
 
The Company reviews the carrying value of its long lived assets for 
possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be 
recoverable.  No adjustment has been provided for in the financial 
statements.  
 
 
