 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
28 
shall be entitled to reimbursement of any expenses Franchisor incurs that are not paid out of the operating 
cash flow of the Franchised Business. 
 
19. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
 
19.1 
Submission of Offer 
 
 
If Franchisee, or any of its owners, proposes to sell or otherwise transfer (including a transfer by 
death or Incapacity according to Section 18.6) the Franchised Business (or any of its assets outside of the 
normal course of business), any ownership interest in Franchisee or any ownership interest in the Franchise 
granted hereunder, Franchisee shall obtain and deliver a bona fide, executed written offer or proposal to 
purchase, along with all pertinent documents including any contract or due diligence materials, to 
Franchisor, except with regards to a sale or transfer to a family member. The offer must apply only to an 
approved sale of the assets or interests listed above and may not include any other property or rights of 
Franchisee or any of its owners. 
 
19.2 
Franchisor’s Right to Purchase 
 
 
Franchisor shall, for thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of all such documents, have the right, 
exercisable by written notice to Franchisee, to purchase the offered assets or interest for the price and on 
the same terms and conditions contained in such offer communicated to Franchisee. Franchisor has the right 
to substitute cash for the fair market value of any form of payment proposed in such offer. Franchisor’s 
credit shall be deemed at least equal to the credit of any proposed buyer. After providing notice to 
Franchisee of Franchisor’s intent to exercise this right of first refusal, Franchisor shall have up to sixty (60) 
days to close the purchase. Franchisor shall be entitled to receive from Franchisee all customary 
representations and warranties given by Franchisee as the seller of the assets or such ownership interest or, 
at Franchisor’s election, such representations and warranties contained in the proposal. 
 
19.3 
Non-Exercise of Right of First Refusal 
 
 
If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first refusal within thirty (30) days from the date of 
delivery of all such documents, the offer or proposal may be accepted by Franchisee or any of its owners, 
subject to Franchisor’s prior written approval as required by Section 18.2. Should the sale fail to close 
within 120 days after the offer is delivered to Franchisor, Franchisor’s right of first refusal shall renew and 
be implemented in accordance with this Section. 
 
19.4 
Sales or Transfers to Family Excepted 
 
 
If Franchisee proposes to sell or otherwise transfer the Franchised Business (or any of its assets 
outside of the normal course of business), any ownership interest in Franchisee or any ownership interest 
in the Franchise granted hereunder to a member of Franchisee’s (or its owners’) family, then the terms and 
conditions of this Section shall be inapplicable. Nothing in this Section 19.4 shall be construed to relieve 
Franchisee from full compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 18.2 prior to a sale or transfer to 
family according to this Section. 
 
20. BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF FRANCHISEE 
 
 
Franchisee represents, and Franchisor enters into this Agreement in reliance upon such 
representation, that the individual(s) identified in Schedule 6 is/are the sole holder(s) of a legal or beneficial 
interest (in the stated percentages) of Franchisee. 
 
