 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
31 
 
If Franchisor is required to enforce this Agreement in a judicial or arbitration proceeding, if it is 
the prevailing party, it shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs, including reasonable accounting and 
attorneys’ fees, in connection with such proceeding. 
 
22.5 
Unlimited Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations 
 
 
All holders of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee of five percent (5%) or greater shall be 
required to execute, as of the date of this Agreement, the Unlimited Guaranty and Assumption of 
Obligations attached as Schedule 3, through which such holders agree to assume and discharge all of 
Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement and to be personally liable hereunder for all of the same. 
 
22.6 
Approvals 
 
 
Whenever this Agreement requires the prior approval or consent of Franchisor, Franchisee shall 
make a timely written request to Franchisor for such approval and, except as otherwise provided herein, 
any approval or consent granted shall be effective only if in writing. Franchisor makes no warranties or 
guarantees upon which Franchisee may rely, and assumes no liability or obligation to Franchisee or any 
third party to which it would not otherwise be subject, by providing any waiver, approval, advice, consent 
or services to Franchisee in connection with this Agreement, or by reason of any neglect, delay or denial of 
any request for approval. 
 
22.7 
Entire Agreement 
 
 
This Agreement and all exhibits to this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the 
parties and supersede any and all prior negotiations, understandings, representations, and agreements. 
Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made 
in the franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. No amendment, change or variance from 
this Agreement shall be binding on either party unless executed in writing by both parties. 
 
22.8 
Severability and Modification 
 
 
Except as noted below, each paragraph, part, term and provision of this Agreement shall be 
considered severable. If any paragraph, part, term or provision herein is ruled to be unenforceable, 
unreasonable or invalid, such ruling shall not impair the operation of or affect the remaining portions, 
paragraphs, parts, terms and provisions of this Agreement, and the latter shall continue to be given full force 
and effect and bind the parties; and such unenforceable, unreasonable or invalid paragraphs, parts, terms or 
provisions shall be deemed not part of this Agreement.  
 
 
Notwithstanding the above, each of the covenants contained in Sections 7 and 17 shall be construed 
as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or any portion of any such 
covenant is held to be unenforceable, unreasonable, or invalid, then it shall be amended to provide for 
limitations on disclosure of Trade Secrets or other Confidential Information or on competition to the 
maximum extent provided or permitted by law. 
 
22.9 
Construction 
 
 
All captions herein are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and none shall be deemed 
to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. 
 
22.10 Force Majeure 
 
