 
 
 
WKAF, LLC.  
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – (Cont.) 
 
c) 
Franchise Revenues 
 
Income is principally comprised of revenues earned by the Company 
as part of the franchise sales to customers. Additional revenues 
earned by the Company are expected from initial franchise fees as 
well as royalties collected from franchisees. 
 
The Company recognizes its franchise revenues in accordance with 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 606, which allows 
that franchise fees from franchise sales be recognized, net of an 
allowance for uncollectible amounts, if the initial “franchise fee” 
is distinct from the franchise license. A portion of the initial 
franchise fee is allocated to certain distinct performance 
obligations and is recognized as revenue when the Company has 
determined it has provided substantially all of its material 
obligations required to recognize revenue related to those distinct 
performance obligations. Initial franchise fees generally consist 
of pre-opening services determined by Franchisor that are separate 
and distinct (typically upfront and not brand specific) such as 
training, site selection, etc. and could be provided by a third 
party. Other components of the fee are deferred and recognized as 
other obligations of the agreement or conditions relating to the 
sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the 
franchisor. 
 
The individual franchise agreements typically have a 10 year initial 
term and provide the franchisee with an opportunity to enter into 
renewal terms subject to certain conditions. 
 
The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following four 
criteria are met: 
 
•  persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists 
•  all material obligations have been provided 
•  the sales price is fixed or determinable and 
•  collectability is probable 
 
Deferred revenue represents cash received from franchisees for 
franchise fees and area development fees for which revenue 
recognition criteria has not been met.  
 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company has recorded deferred franchise 
fees of $0 relating to stores to be opened in future years or 
unamortized fees relating to open stores. These amounts are included 
in deferred revenues. 
 
-7- 
 
 
