 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
 
 
Schedule 3: Lease Addendum 
 
SCHEDULE 4 TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
LEASE ADDENDUM 
 
 
Landlord 
Landlord Name: 
 
Landlord Address: 
 
Landlord Phone Number: 
 
 
Franchisor 
Franchisor Name: 
WKAF LLC 
Franchisor Address: 
6523 California Avenue SW 
Seattle, WA 98136 
Franchisor Phone Number: 
206-853-2178 
 
Tenant 
Tenant Name: 
 
Address of Leased Premises: 
 
Date of Lease: 
 
 
1. 
Use. Tenant is a franchisee of Franchisor. The Leased Premises shall be used only 
for the operation of a WorldKids School business (or any name authorized by Franchisor). 
 
2. 
Notice of Default and Opportunity To Cure. Landlord shall provide Franchisor with 
copies of any written notice of default (“Default”) given to Tenant under the Lease, and Landlord 
grants to Franchisor the option (but not the obligation) to cure any Default under the Lease (should 
Tenant fail to do so) within 10 days after the expiration of the period in which Tenant may cure 
the Default.  
 
3. 
Termination of Lease. Landlord shall copy Franchisor on any notice of termination 
of the Lease. If Landlord terminates the Lease for Tenant’s Default, Franchisor shall have the 
option to enter into a new Lease with Landlord on the same terms and conditions as the terminated 
Lease, subject to Landlord’s approval in its reasonable discretion. To exercise this option, 
Franchisor must notify Landlord within 10 days after Franchisor receives notice of the termination 
of the Lease.  
 
4. 
Termination of Franchise Agreement. If the Franchise Agreement between 
Franchisor and Tenant is terminated during the term of the Lease, then upon the written request of 
Franchisor, Landlord and Tenant consent to allow Franchisor to assume any existing term of the 
Lease (the “Assumption”), provided that any and all defaults have been cured and all payments 
due under the Lease are current, and to enter into a written agreement providing for such 
Assumption. In the event of an Assumption, Landlord will deliver possession of the Leased 
Premises to Franchisor free and clear of any rights of the Tenant or any third party.  Landlord 
further consents to give Franchisor the right, following the Assumption, to assign its interest in the 
