 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
23 
nature of the Instructor’s experience in Item 2 above.   
We set forth the length of the Instructor’s experience in the industry and with the franchisor below: 
Instructor 
Years of Experience in the 
Field 
Years of Experience with the 
Franchisor* 
Nicole Chaudry 
10 
10 
*Includes years of experience with any of our affiliates. 
The principal instructional materials will consist of the Operations Manual. 
From time to time, we may provide and if we do, have the right to require that you attend ongoing 
training programs, seminars, or webinars during the term of this Agreement, at your expense of $500 per 
person per day if ongoing training is at our location, or $500 per person per day (plus hotel, air fare and 
other expenses incurred by our trainer) if ongoing training is at Franchisee’s location. We will not require 
you to attend more than two (2) sessions in any calendar year. You will be responsible for all travel costs, 
room and board and employees’ salaries incurred in connection with its attendance at such training. (Section 
8.4 of the Franchise Agreement). 
ITEM 12. TERRITORY 
 
The territory will be for a specific geographic region that we define and approve by radius, zip 
codes, natural, or political boundaries as set forth in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
A territory will normally include a 5-mile radius around your outlet, but we do not specify a 
minimum size because some areas are very densely populated and could support outlets in closer proximity 
to each other than a moderately dense area, like a typical suburban location. 
 
We may approve relocation of the franchised business if we feel that conditions have changed such 
that a relocation represents a sound business decision.     
 
We would not normally grant to you approval to open an additional outlet within your territory, but 
may grant you additional franchise territories if we feel you have the time, energy, capital, and management 
structure to be able to successfully open and operate another territory. 
 
We do not grant you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.   
 
You will receive an exclusive territory, meaning a geographic area within which we promise not to 
establish either a company-owned or franchised outlet selling the same or similar goods or services under 
the same or similar trademarks or service marks. 
 
Continuation of your territorial rights does not depend on achieving a certain sales volume, market 
penetration, or other contingency, and we may not alter your franchise territory, even if there is a population 
increase in your territory. 
 
We or an affiliate reserves the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, 
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, to solicit or accept sales within your territory 
using our principal trademarks, however, we would normally direct inquiries for services from within your 
territory to your outlet. 
 
