 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
19 
whether on its own accord or through suggestion from Franchisor is Franchisee's sole and absolute 
responsibility. 
 
14.2 
Periodic Visits 
 
 
Franchisor or Franchisor’s representative may make periodic visits, which may be announced or 
unannounced, to the Franchised Business for the purposes of consultation, assistance and guidance with 
respect to various aspects of the operation and management of the Franchised Business. Franchisor may 
also accompany Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s employees along any job site visits, in order to monitor all 
business practices and better render any advice or opinions. Franchisor and Franchisor’s representatives 
who visit the Franchised Business or accompany Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s employees along job site 
visits may prepare, for the benefit of both Franchisor and Franchisee, written reports detailing any problems 
or concerns discovered during any such visit and outlining any required or suggested changes or 
improvements in the operations of the Franchised Business. A copy of any such written report may be 
provided to Franchisee. Franchisee shall implement any required changes or improvements as required by 
Franchisor with time being of the essence. 
 
15. INSURANCE 
 
15.1 
Types and Amounts of Coverage 
 
 
At its sole expense, Franchisee shall procure within ten (10) days of the Effective Date, and 
maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, the types of insurance as we may specify 
in the Operations Manual or otherwise and any other insurance as may be required by applicable law or by 
Franchisee’s Landlord or Lessor. All policies (except any workers’ compensation insurance) shall expressly 
name Franchisor as an additional insured or loss payee and all shall contain a waiver of all subrogation 
rights against Franchisor and its successors and assigns.  
 
15.2 
Future Increases 
 
 
Franchisor has the right to reasonably increase the minimum liability protection requirement 
annually and require different or additional insurance coverage(s) to reflect inflation, changes in standards 
of liability, future damage awards, or other relevant changes in circumstances. 
 
15.3 
Carrier Standards 
 
 
Such policies shall be written by an insurance company licensed in the state in which Franchisee 
operates and having at least an “A” Rating Classification as indicated in the latest issue of A.M. Best’s Key 
Rating Guide. Although A.M. Best groups “A” and “A-” in the same classification, Franchisor demands an 
“A” rating. 
 
15.4 
Evidence of Coverage 
 
 
Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policies shall not be limited in any 
way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by Franchisor, nor shall Franchisee’s 
performance of this obligation relieve it of liability under the indemnity provisions in Section 21.3. Upon 
issuance of a policy and renewal of said policy, Franchisee shall provide to Franchisor, certificates of 
insurance showing compliance with the foregoing requirements within fifteen (15) days of Franchisee’s 
receipt of such certificates. Such certificates shall state that said policy or policies shall not be canceled or 
altered without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor and shall reflect proof of payment 
of premiums. 
