 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
41 
Gross Revenue means all of your revenue from operating the franchise, but excluding taxes collected from 
customers and paid to taxing authority, tips collected from customers and paid to employees, and reduced 
by the amount of any documented refunds, credits, allowances, and chargebacks the Business in good faith 
gives to customers.   
 
Adjusted Gross Revenues as if a Franchised Outlet means the Gross Revenues less expenses that would 
have been incurred if this were a franchised outlet, namely Royalties (6%) and Local Advertising (the 
greater of 1.5% of Gross Revenues or $2,000 per month). 
 
The financial performance representation figures do not reflect the costs of sales, operating expenses, or 
other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your 
net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you will 
incur in operating your franchised business. Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information. 
 
Written substantiation for this financial performance representation is available to you upon reasonable 
written request. 
 
 
Some outlets have earned these amounts. Your individual results may differ. There is no 
assurance that you will earn as much. 
 
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial 
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide 
you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance information or 
projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by Nicole Chaudry, 
6523 California Avenue SW, Seattle, WA 98136, 206-853-2178; the Federal Trade Commission; and the 
appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
 
 
 
[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
 
 
