 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
17 
13.2 
Appearance and Condition of the Franchised Business 
 
 
Franchisee shall maintain the service equipment, Premises and signage of the Franchised Business 
in “like new” condition, and shall repair or replace service equipment, the Premises and signage as 
necessary to comply with the health and safety standards and specifications of Franchisor and any 
applicable laws or regulations. The expense of such maintenance shall be borne by Franchisee and shall be 
in addition to any required System modifications, as described in Section 10.2. 
 
13.3 
Ownership and Management 
 
 
 The Franchised Business shall, at all times, be under the direct supervision of Franchisee or its 
approved manager. Franchisee and/or its manager shall devote sufficient efforts to the management of the 
day-to-day operation of the Franchised Business, but not less than forty (40) hours per week, not excluding 
vacation, sick leave and similar absences. Franchisee shall keep Franchisor informed, in writing, at all times 
of the identity of its manager. Franchisee must not engage in any business or other activities that will 
conflict with its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
13.4 
Days of Operation 
 
 
Franchisee shall keep the Franchised Business open for such days and hours as specified in the 
Operations Manual. 
 
13.5 
Contributions and Donations 
 
 
In order to protect the Marks, Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent before 
making any contributions or donations of items, services or funds to any individual or entity, or provide 
any type of other benefit to any charitable, religious, political, social, civic or other type of organization (or 
to any individual on behalf of any organization). Franchisor may withhold any such consent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
 
13.6 
Licenses and Permits 
 
 
Franchisee shall secure and maintain in force all required operational and professional licenses, 
permits and certificates necessary for the operation of the Franchised Business, and shall operate the 
Franchised Business in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations. Franchisor 
makes no representation to Franchisee with regard to any legal requirements that Franchisee must satisfy 
or comply with in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business. Franchisee shall be solely 
responsible for investigating and complying with all such laws, ordinances and regulations with regard to 
the operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
13.7 
Notification of Proceedings 
 
 
Franchisee shall notify Franchisor in writing of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding 
involving Franchisee or the Franchised Business, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, 
judgment, award or decree which may affect the operation or financial condition of the Franchised Business 
not more than five (5) days after notice of such commencement or issuance. Franchisee shall deliver to 
Franchisor not more than five (5) days after Franchisee’s receipt thereof, a copy of any inspection report, 
warning, certificate or rating by any governmental agency relating to any health or safety law, rule or 
regulation that reflects Franchisee’s failure to meet and maintain the highest applicable rating or 
Franchisee’s noncompliance or less than full compliance with any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 
