 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
11 
3Real Property Rent and Security Deposits- We anticipate that you will rent the Business’s premises. Real 
estate costs depend on location, size, visibility, economic conditions, accessibility, and competitive market 
conditions. Because of the numerous variables that affect the value of a particular piece of real estate, this 
estimated initial investment table does not reflect the potential cost of purchasing real estate. 
 
4Leasehold Improvements- The cost of leasehold improvements depends upon the condition and size of the 
leasehold, the local cost of contract work, and the location of the Franchise. This amount will vary based 
on the condition of the existing leasehold and amount of additional work needed.  Tenant improvement 
allowances, if any, paid to you may defray a portion of build-out costs. 
 
5Furniture, Fixtures, and Décor- These are the estimated amounts for the furniture, fixtures, and décor that 
you will need to begin operations, which will include desks, chairs, classroom furniture, cribs, and 
playground toys. 
 
6Equipment, TV, Cameras, and other Supplies- This amount is for the equipment, TV, cameras, and other 
supplies needed to begin operations. These amounts include the computer hardware, software, and POS 
system that you must acquire per our specifications. 
 
7Signage- The cost of signs may vary depending on the type, size, and location of the signs, and may also 
be affected by municipal restrictions.  
 
8Grand Opening Advertising- You must spend these sums to promote the opening of your Business pursuant 
to our specifications. 
 
9Licenses, Permits, and Certifications- Estimated costs of obtaining required licenses and permits to operate 
your business. Some costs may vary depending on the location of the Franchised Business.  
 
10Insurance- You must purchase insurance per our specifications.  Your costs will vary. 
 
11Professional Fees- You will incur professional fees to set up your entity, assist with this franchise 
purchase, and the start of your franchised business. 
 
12Additional Funds-3 Months. We relied on our Affiliate experience in operating a business similar to the 
franchise business to compile these estimates. This estimate is for your miscellaneous expenses and Payroll. 
 
We estimate that you will need a Center Director and two teachers to operate your outlet in its first year of 
operation. 
 
13Total- We do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  
 
 
