 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
5 
 
Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay a fee (“Franchise Fee”) to Franchisor of 
$80,000. The Franchise Fee shall be deemed fully earned upon execution of this Agreement and is non-
refundable. The Franchise Fee is payment, in part, for expenses incurred by Franchisor in furnishing 
assistance and services to Franchisee as in this Agreement and for costs incurred by Franchisor, including 
general sales and marketing expenses, training, legal, accounting and other professional fees. 
 
3.2 
Monthly Royalty Fee 
 
(a) 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor without offset, credit or deduction of any nature, a 
monthly fee (“Royalty Fee”) equal to 6% of Gross Revenues for the previous month period. The Royalty 
Fee is due on the tenth (10th) day of each month (for the prior month) and begins on the first (1st) month 
after the Business is open for operation and continues for the duration the term of this Agreement. The 
Franchisee will provide to Franchisor a Gross Revenues Report, as required by Section 12.2, for each month 
during the operation of the Franchise. If Franchisor requires Franchisee to pay Royalty Fees through 
electronic transfer as in Section 3.4, such reports shall instead be submitted to Franchisor via facsimile 
transmission, e-mail or intranet system. 
 
3.3 
Taxes 
 
 
Franchisee shall pay its own taxes as related to the Business. 
 
3.4 
Electronic Transfer 
 
 
Franchisor shall require all Royalty Fees, amounts due for purchases by Franchisee from Franchisor 
and other amounts due to Franchisor to be paid through an Electronic Depository Transfer Account 
(“EDTA”). At Franchisor’s request, Franchisee shall open and maintain an EDTA, and shall provide 
Franchisor with continuous access to such account for the purpose of receiving any payments due to 
Franchisor. Franchisee shall make deposits to the account sufficient to cover amounts owed to Franchisor 
prior to the date such amounts are due. Franchisee shall execute any documents Franchisor’s or Franchisee’s 
bank requires to establish and implement the EDTA. Once established, Franchisee shall not close the EDTA 
without Franchisor’s written consent. 
 
3.5 
Late Fees 
 
 
All Royalty Fees, amounts due from purchases by Franchisee from Franchisor and other amounts 
not received by Franchisor within five (5) days after the due date shall incur late fees at the rate of one and 
one-half percent (1.5%) per month (or the highest rate allowed by the law of the state where Franchisee is 
located, whichever is lower) from the date payment is due to the date payment is received by Franchisor. 
Franchisee shall pay Franchisor for all costs incurred by Franchisor in the collection of any unpaid and past 
due amounts due Franchisor, including reasonable accounting and legal fees. This Section shall not 
constitute an agreement by Franchisor to accept any payments after the due date or a commitment by 
Franchisor to extend credit to or otherwise finance Franchisee. 
 
3.6 
National Franchise Convention Fee 
 
 
Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor $500 to attend the National Franchise Convention. 
 
3.7 
Maintenance and Refurbishing of Business 
 
 
If, after we notify you, you do not undertake efforts to correct deficiencies in outlet appearance, 
then we can undertake the repairs and you must reimburse us. 
