 
WorldKids School Franchise Agreement 
18 
13.8 
Compliance with Good Business Practices 
 
 
Franchisee acknowledges that the quality of customer service, and every detail of appearance and 
demeanor of Franchisee and its employees, is material to this Agreement and the relationship created and 
licenses granted hereby. Therefore, Franchisee shall endeavor to maintain high standards of quality and 
service in the operation of the Franchised Business, including operating in strict compliance with all 
applicable rules and regulations. Franchisee shall at all times give prompt, courteous and efficient service 
to customers of the Franchised Business. The Franchised Business shall in all dealings with its customers, 
vendors and the general public, adhere to the highest standards of honesty, fair dealing and ethical conduct. 
If Franchisor deems that Franchisee did not fairly handle a customer complaint or has operated outside of 
applicable rules and regulations, Franchisor has the right to intervene and satisfy the customer. Franchisor 
has the right to terminate this Agreement for violation of this Section. Franchisee shall reimburse Franchisor 
for all costs incurred by Franchisor in servicing a customer of the Franchised Business according to this 
Section. 
 
13.9 
Uniforms 
 
 
 
Franchisee shall abide by all uniform and dress code requirements stated in the Operations Manual 
or otherwise. Uniforms must be purchased from an Approved Supplier, if such is designated, or if none, 
then a supplier who meets Franchisor’s specifications and quality standards for uniforms. 
 
13.10 Credit Cards 
 
 
Franchisee shall, at its expense, lease or purchase the necessary equipment to process credit card 
and other payments pursuant to our specifications. 
 
13.11 E-Mail 
 
 
Franchisor may set up an email address for Franchisee’s benefit. Franchisor may charge an e-mail 
maintenance fee up to $50/month per e-mail address. 
 
13.12 Best Efforts 
 
 
Franchisee shall use its best efforts to promote and increase the sales and recognition of services 
offered through the Franchised Business. Franchisee shall require all of Franchisee’s employees, managers, 
officers, agents and representatives to make a good faith effort to enhance and improve the System and the 
sales of all products and services provided as part of the System. 
 
14. FRANCHISOR’S ADDITIONAL OPERATIONS ASSISTANCE 
 
14.1 
General Advice and Guidance 
 
 
Franchisor shall be available to render advice, discuss problems, and offer general guidance to 
Franchisee by telephone and/or electronic correspondence, with respect to planning and operating the 
Franchised Business. Franchisor shall not charge for this service. Franchisor’s advice or guidance to 
Franchisee relative to prices for products and services that, in Franchisor’s judgment, constitutes good 
business practice is based upon the experience of Franchisor and its franchisees in operating WorldKids 
School businesses and an analysis of costs and prices charged for competitive products and services. Within 
range, Franchisee shall have the right to change/determine the price to be charged for a particular service 
by the Franchised Business at the time of sale (if necessary). Notwithstanding, Franchisee acknowledges 
and agrees that Franchisor shall not be held liable for such advice; any decisions made by Franchisee, 
