 
WorldKids School Franchise Disclosure Document     
 
Exhibit E: Area Development Agreement 
 
WKAF LLC  
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT  
 
 
This Area Development Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made this day of  
 
 
, 20__ by and between WKAF LLC (“we” or “us”) and _______________________ (“developer” 
or “you”).   
 
RECITALS 
 
 
You desire to develop and operate several franchised locations and we, in reliance on your 
representations, have approved your franchise application to do so in accordance with this Agreement.  
 
 
In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and consideration below, you and we 
agree as follows:  
 
1. GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS 
 
 
We grant to you, under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the right to develop and operate 
NUMBER (#) of franchised locations (each a “Location”, and collectively, the “Locations”) within the 
territory described on Appendix A (“Development Territory”). 
 
2. DEVELOPMENT FEE 
 
You must pay a Development Fee as described below: 
 
 
As consideration for the rights granted in this Agreement, you must pay us the Initial Franchise Fee 
stated in the Franchise Agreement at the time you sign this Agreement for the first territory to be developed 
under this Agreement and one-half of the Initial Franchise Fee for each subsequent Location to be developed 
under this Agreement.  
 
 
The Development Fee is consideration for this Agreement and not consideration for any Franchise 
Agreement, is fully earned by us upon execution of this Agreement and is non-refundable. The part of the 
Initial Franchise Fee that is included in the Development Fee is credited against the Initial Franchise Fee 
payable upon the signing of each individual Franchise Agreement. The balance of the Initial Franchise Fee 
for the first Location must be paid at the time of execution of this Agreement, together with the execution 
by you of the Franchise Agreement for the first Location. The balance of the Initial Franchise Fee for each 
subsequent Location is due upon entering into a Franchise Agreement for each additional Location.  
 
3. DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 
You agree that you shall sign our then current franchise agreement, have an approved Location, 
and be open for business in each territory according to the Development Schedule in Appendix B 
(“Development Schedule”).  Our then current franchise agreement may contain different or additional terms 
than those set forth in any franchise agreement signed concurrently with this Area Development Agreement. 
Time is of the essence for the development of each Location in accordance with the Development Schedule.  
 
4. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
 
If you fail to meet or satisfy the timing in the above Development Schedule, we may give you 
written notice of the default and if such default is not cured within thirty (30) days after notice of the default, 
we may terminate your rights to develop any territories as to which you have breached the above 
