t. Integration/merger clause*       FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                  schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                  (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                  you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                  Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                  may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                  including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                  All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                  California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                  to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        6.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*       Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                   Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                   Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                     Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                  promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                   DK Agr. 12
                                                  Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                  our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                  its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                  provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                  law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                  all of the provisions listed above.

       7.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item v, under the subheading entitled
“Choice of forum,” shall be amended by the addition of the following language:

                The requirement under the Franchise Agreement, the Lease and any Concession
                Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement that litigation be conducted
                in a forum other than the State of Indiana may be unenforceable as a limitation on
                litigation under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§
                23-2-2.7-1(10).

       8.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item w, under the subheading entitled
“Choice of law” shall be amended by the addition of the following language:

                The Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act requires that Indiana law govern
                any cause of action which arises under the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law or
                the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act.

        9.      Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:



                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                 INDIANA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
