          and Guidelines and that possess adequate quality controls, experience and capacity to service and
          repair the item and otherwise supply the Operator’s needs promptly, accurately and reliably. Chick-
          fil-A will not be liable for any loss or damage to the Operator due to any inability to use or any
          interruption in the use of the Food Truck or any of its equipment, furnishings or fixtures. The
          Operator agrees to provide Chick-fil-A with monthly (or with such greater frequency that Chick-
          fil-A may from time-to-time require) reports detailing (i) the mileage of the Food Truck for such
          time period, (ii) any damage incurred with respect to the Food Truck, and (iii) any maintenance or
          repairs performed with respect to the Food Truck. The Operator’s obligation to provide such
          reports does not satisfy the Operator’s obligations under the Food Truck Lease, and it is the
          Operator’s obligation to ensure that all required maintenance is performed on the Food Trucks per
          the terms of the Food Truck Lease and this Agreement, including the requirements that (x) all such
          maintenance and repairs must be performed by a factory authorized maintenance individual with
          the authority to sign the maintenance, service and/or repair log and (y) records of all work
          performed on the Food Truck must be dated and signed by the appropriate authority.

     13. Indemnification; Damage to Property; Personal Injury.

          a. The Operator and the Operator-Owner will be solely and exclusively responsible for any
             damage to or loss caused by a breach of this Agreement or the Food Truck Lease, the negligent
             or intentional action or misfeasance of the Operator or the Operator’s employees, agents,
             contractors, invitees or customers as if provided for and included under Section 5 DAMAGE
             TO SITE, EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY of the
             Franchise Agreement, which will apply in full to this Agreement. Furthermore, the Operator
             and the Operator-Owner will be solely and exclusively responsible for any and all liability of
             the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A, for (i) personal injury, death or otherwise, and (ii) damage to
             personal property or real property caused by or resulting from the negligent or intentional action
             or misfeasance of the Operator, the Operator-Owner, the Operator’s employees, agents,
             contractors, invitees or customers. In addition, the Operator and the Operator-Owner will be
             solely and exclusively responsible for any and all liability of BALC as provided in the Food
             Truck Lease.

          b. The Operator and the Operator-Owner do hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
             Chick-fil-A and any subsequent operator of the Food Truck or a like business at the Sales
             Location and/or BALC as provided in the Food Truck Lease, against all judgments,
             settlements, penalties, expenses, attorneys’ fees, court costs and other costs of litigation or
             administrative proceedings incurred by or imposed on Chick-fil-A or any subsequent operator
             of the Food Truck or a like business at the Sales Location as if provided for and included under
             Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION of the Franchise Agreement, which will apply in full to this
             Agreement and the use and operation of the Food Truck, including without limitation in the
             event of any damage, loss or claim described in this Section 13.

          The Operator’s and the Operator-Owner’s obligations under Subsections 13.a. and b. above (and
          Sections 5 and 27 of the Franchise Agreement) will apply with respect to, among other things, the
          Sales Location, the Food Truck and any personal property of any person or entity, any personal
          injury or death, any claim, demand or penalty, and any suit or other judicial or administrative
          proceeding arising out of or relating to or in connection with the Sales Locations, the Food Truck
          or this Agreement, as applicable, all of which will be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the
          Operator and the Operator-Owner. This section is not intended to and does not convey any benefits
          to any third party and does not prevent the Operator or Chick-fil-A from seeking indemnification
          from another third party whose actions, or the actions of such third party’s employee, were the
          source of any injury, damage or loss. This section is in addition to any obligations of the Operator
          and the Operator-Owner to BALC and others that may be named in the Food Truck Lease.


Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              10
(Business Entity)
