          Business change affecting the Operator’s ability to perform the Operator’s obligations under this
          Agreement, including the sublease of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement,
          as determined by Chick-fil-A in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment, then
          Chick-fil-A will have the right to terminate this Agreement and the Operator will bear any and all
          risk arising from or related to the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the
          contrary in this Agreement, the Operator further acknowledges and agrees that Chick-fil-A has the
          right, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive business judgment, to terminate or suspend this
          Agreement or temporarily suspend or interrupt the Food Truck Program at any time for any reason
          or for no reason, including without limitation, to use the Food Truck at another location and/or for
          a different purpose (an “Alternate Use”). For example, but without limiting the preceding sentence,
          Chick-fil-A may elect to use or have its designee use the Food Truck for food or other product
          distribution in the event of a natural disaster, weather event, pandemic, epidemic or other like
          disaster or event. In the event that Chick-fil-A elects to use or have its designee use the Food Truck
          for an Alternate Use, the Operator’s obligations under this Agreement, including under the sublease
          of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, will be suspended, and the
          Operator’s sole and exclusive remedy will be the return of the Food Truck following the Alternate
          Use for the remainder of the Term, without any right to an extension. Chick-fil-A will have no other
          liability if the Food Truck is not furnished or otherwise made available to the Operator.

     7. Operator’s Obligations. The Operator will have the following obligations and responsibilities with
        regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck:

          a. Menu of Products.

                i. The menu of Products that may be offered, sold and distributed from the Food Truck in
                   connection with this Agreement will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise
                   referenced in the Food Truck License Summary.

               ii. The menu of Products that may be produced on, and offered, sold and distributed from, the
                   Food Truck, will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise referenced in the Food
                   Truck License Summary.

              iii. The menu of Products to be produced and/or sold and distributed at individual Sales
                   Locations will be as set forth on the applicable Registration Form for each Sales Location.

                    Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, only Products that are approved for sale
                    in the Chick-fil-A system may be sold from the Food Truck. Products produced and/or held
                    in the Food Truck may only be sold or distributed from the Food Truck at the Sales
                    Locations and may not be sold, delivered, or given away to the Operator’s Business, any
                    other Business(es) to which the Operator has the right to operate pursuant to the Franchise
                    Agreement (if any) to customers or consumers located elsewhere or to other Chick-fil-A®
                    franchisees.

          b. Commissary; Source of Supplies. As set forth above in Section 7.a. of this Agreement, certain
             Products sold or distributed from the Food Truck may be freshly produced in the Food Truck,
             while other Products or the components of other Products must be freshly produced in the
             Business, which will serve as a commissary for the Food Truck, and delivered to the Food
             Truck via approved Temperature Management System (TMS) bags. For each Sales Location,
             whether a Product or Product component may be produced in the Food Truck or may only be
             produced in the Business and then delivered to the Food Truck as set forth above will be
             specified in the Registration Form applicable to such individual Sales Location. Product
             production and the manner of delivery, storage and holding of Product, Product components
             and Ingredients, at, in or between the Food Truck and the Business, will be performed

Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               7
(Sole Proprietorship)
