          affiliates concerning the operation of the Businesses, including the Food Truck; and (ii) that if the
          Operator defaults in making any of these payments or complying with any of these provisions, the
          Operator-Owner will pay immediately upon demand all amounts due and owing Chick-fil-A and
          all damages that may arise as a result of the Operator’s non-compliance.

     20. Cross-Default. Any violation or breach by the Operator-Owner of any term or condition of the
         Assignment or the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in
         this Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck Lease), will also
         constitute a violation and breach of the same term or condition by the Operator, a default by the
         Operator under the Assignment and the Franchise Agreement and, under its terms, grounds for
         termination and/or non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement and the franchise granted under the
         Franchise Agreement.

     21. Acceptance of Risk of Food Truck Program. The Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge
         and agree that Chick-fil-A is in the development stages of the Food Truck Program and that
         participation in the Food Truck Program under this Agreement involves substantial risks. The
         Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that the Operator and the Operator-
         Owner are aware of the risks and that the Operator and the Operator-Owner agree to bear the risk
         of the success or failure of the Food Truck Program and the Food Truck in reliance solely on the
         Operator and the Operator-Owner’s own business judgment.

     22. Execution; Counterparts. The parties acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Food Truck License
         Summary is complete and accurate and forms a part of this Agreement; and (ii) this Agreement,
         including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck Lease, as well as the Franchise
         Agreement and the Assignment as referenced in this Agreement, contain the entire agreement
         between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and fully supersedes all prior understandings,
         written or oral, between the parties regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may be executed
         in multiple counterparts and at various times and at various places by the several parties to this
         Agreement, all of which counterparts taken together will be deemed as one original. Executed
         copies of this Agreement, whether delivered by electronic transmission or otherwise, will be
         deemed to be as effective as original signatures.




                                            [The Signature Page Follows]




Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               13
(Business Entity)
