          b. Commissary; Source of Supplies. As set forth above in Section 7.a. of this Agreement, certain
             Products sold or distributed from the Food Truck may be freshly produced in the Food Truck,
             while other Products or the components of other Products must be freshly produced in the
             Business, which will serve as a commissary for the Food Truck, and delivered to the Food
             Truck via approved Temperature Management System (TMS) bags. For each Sales Location,
             whether a Product or Product component may be produced in the Food Truck or may only be
             produced in the Business and then delivered to the Food Truck as set forth above will be
             specified in the Registration Form applicable to such individual Sales Location. Product
             production and the manner of delivery, storage and holding of Product, Product components
             and Ingredients, at, in or between the Food Truck and the Business, will be performed
             according to Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards, including any Guidelines for food
             trucks prepared by Chick-fil-A and delivered to or otherwise made available to the Operator
             from time to time. The provisions, terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement
             concerning the sources for purchase of Products and Ingredients will apply to the sources of
             Products and Ingredients to supply the Food Truck. Any transportation of Products,
             Ingredients, promotional items, and other items by the Operator or otherwise will comply with
             and will otherwise abide by all applicable health, sanitation, food handling, food transportation
             and insurance requirements provided by law, the requirements contained in the Franchise
             Agreement, the Food Truck Lease and as otherwise required by Chick-fil-A (whichever
             provides the most stringent requirements). Without limiting the above, the Operator will not
             (and will not allow others to) transport any hazardous materials or anything other than Products,
             Ingredients, promotional items, and other items necessary for the safe, sanitary, and efficient
             operation of the Food Truck.

          c. Payment of Food Truck Usage Fee. In consideration of the License granted in this Agreement
             and to compensate Chick-fil-A for the use of the Food Truck under the sublease of the Food
             Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A when
             due the usage fee(s) as set forth in the Food Truck License Summary (the “Usage Fee”), which
             will be in lieu of the lease rental payment described in the Food Truck Lease payable by Chick-
             fil-A to BALC. Chick-fil-A shall have the right from time to time to re-determine the Food
             Truck Usage Fee in its sole and exclusive business judgment based on the then current fair
             market rental value for the Food Truck due to additions, subtractions and modifications to the
             Food Truck, additional or different charges or other changes under the Food Truck Lease,
             market factors, inflation, passage of time or otherwise, and to update the Food Truck Usage
             Fee to an amount based on the then determined, current fair market rental, which will be set
             forth in a revised Food Truck License Summary Form and substituted and attached to this
             Agreement as Exhibit A and made a part of this Agreement. At Chick-fil-A’s election, the
             program described in Section 14.12 of the Franchise Agreement shall apply to the Operator’s
             payment obligations described in this Agreement with respect to the Food Truck and any other
             payment obligations of the Operator hereunder, and any adjustment or increases thereto.

          d. Additional Fees, Costs and Expenses. All additional fees, costs and expenses associated with
             the operation and use of the Food Truck, participation in the Food Truck Program and the
             Licensed Use will be borne by the Operator, either made by the Operator directly or reimbursed
             to Chick-fil-A, as applicable, and will include, among other things, all Products, Ingredients
             and all other food and drink items, cleaning and office supplies, equipment and all other things
             purchased by the Operator for use in the operation of the Food Truck, all labor expense and
             wages for staffing and servicing the Food Truck and its operations and any other costs and/or
             expenses incurred in connection with the operation and use of the Food Truck and participation
             in the Food Truck Program, including payments due under the Food Truck Lease (other than
             the lease rental payment).



Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              5
(Business Entity)
