                    Operator and the Operator’s employees are not permitted or authorized to and will not
                    change, modify or reconfigure the Food Truck or its equipment or authorize any third party
                    to do so at any time without Chick-fil-A’s review and prior approval. The Operator is
                    solely responsible for ensuring that the Food Truck’s operations are conducted with
                    reasonable care and that all prudent safety procedures that apply to the operation or other
                    use of the Food Truck are followed.

               ii. The Operator and any other individual, who drives the Food Truck, must satisfy (A) all
                   state and local requirements for operation of a commercial food truck, (B) all insurer
                   requirements for operation of the Food Truck, and (C) the following minimum
                   requirements to be allowed to drive the Food Truck (unless state and local or insurance
                   requirements are more restrictive, in which case such state, local or insurance requirements
                   will apply): (i) at least twenty-one years of age; (ii) holds a valid driver’s license, a copy
                   of which is maintained by the Operator, and (iii) has no history of serious violations within
                   the last five years and no more than two moving violations in the last three years, based
                   upon the Operator’s review of the driver’s Motor Vehicle Record for the applicable period
                   stated in this clause. The Operator will ensure that a pre-inspection and a post-inspection
                   of the Food Truck are completed and a complete and current record of such inspections is
                   maintained. Inspection components include, but are not limited to, properly working lights,
                   signals and horn, wipers, mirrors and safety belts, tire tread acceptable, no glass
                   chips/cracks that can hinder vision, doors close and lock, body of vehicle is intact
                   (bumpers, etc.). For purposes of clause (iii) above, “two moving violations” will include,
                   without limitation, speeding, failure to signal, improper passing, following too close,
                   careless driving, not wearing a safety belt, expired tags and plates as well as no proof of
                   insurance, and “serious violations” will include, without limitation, any alcohol related
                   violation, racing/speed contest, reckless driving, vehicular homicide or assault, conviction
                   of a crime involving a motor vehicle, eluding or attempting to elude a police officer, hit
                   and run, etc.

          k. Food Truck Condition and Return. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
               Agreement, the Operator will (i) make the Food Truck available to Chick-fil-A or its designee
               at such time and location as directed by Chick-fil-A in accordance with all terms, provisions
               and requirements of the Food Truck Lease and in a clean and neat condition, and in as good
               order and repair and in the same condition as existed immediately prior to the Operator’s
               operation and use of the Food Truck, normal wear and tear excepted, (ii) remove all personal
               property from the Food Truck, and (iii) clean and remove all debris and trash from the Food
               Truck. Any personal property not removed will be deemed conclusively abandoned and may be
               removed and disposed of by Chick-fil-A, without compensation to the Operator. In the event the
               Operator fails to return the Food Truck in such condition and at such time and location as
               directed by Chick-fil-A, the Operator will reimburse Chick-fil-A for all costs and expenses
               incurred in connection with returning the Food Truck to the good order, condition and repair as
               existed immediately prior to the Operator’s operation and use of the Food Truck, normal wear
               and tear excepted.

          l.   Insurance and Insurance Fee. In consideration of the insurance expense incurred by Chick-fil-
               A to cover the Food Truck and its contents and inventory, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A
               a monthly insurance fee, as set forth in the Food Truck License Summary (the “Food Truck
               Insurance Fee”); the Insurance Fee does not cover any Operator-owned contents or inventory.
               The Operator will obtain and maintain in full force and effect, at the Operator’s own expense,
               any additional insurance coverage which may be necessary or required (i) to operate the Food
               Truck, and (ii) under the Food Truck Lease, the Franchise Agreement, applicable law or
               otherwise. The Operator will provide Chick-fil-A immediate notice of (A) any casualty loss
               (that is, loss or damage to the Food Truck) that may result in an insurance claim and (B) any
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               7
(Business Entity)
