Chick-fil-A, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022

    capital assets. Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the asset and depreciated over the
    estimated useful lives of the assets. Depreciation expense of property and equipment is calculated
    by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold
    improvement assets are amortized over the shorter of the related lease life or their estimated useful
    lives.

    Estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows:
                                                                                 Estimated Useful Lives
     Corporate property and equipment:
       Buildings and leasehold improvements                                                  10-40 years
       Furniture, fixtures, and equipment                                                     3-20 years
       Transportation                                                                         4-30 years
       Computer hardware and software                                                          3-5 years
     Restaurant property and equipment:
       Buildings and leasehold improvements                                                  10-20 years
       Furniture, fixtures, and equipment                                                     3-10 years
       Computer hardware and software                                                          3-5 years


    The Company records right-of-use assets associated with our commenced lease agreements within
    Property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated balances sheet. Refer to the “Leases”
    discussion below for the Company’s policy related to the accounting for our right-of-use lease
    assets.

    Leases
    The Company is engaged in a significant amount of leasing activity, both as a lessee and as a
    lessor. A detailed description of the nature of the Company’s leasing arrangements is included in
    Note 10.

    Lessee Accounting
    We classify leases as either operating or finance leases at the lease commencement date, which is
    the date we take control of the underlying leased asset. The Company’s real estate lease
    agreements often contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, rent escalation clauses
    and/or contingent rent provisions. We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease
    components, which are accounted for together as a single lease component for all underlying
    classes of assets except for restaurant IT equipment and the Company’s restaurant real estate
    leases where we are also a lessor.

    The Company records a right-of-use asset and lease liability for each operating and finance lease
    with a contractual term greater than 12 months at the time of lease commencement. We
    do not record leases with an initial term of 12 months or less on our consolidated balance sheets
    but continue to record lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Many of the
    Company’s leases include options to renew at our sole discretion. Such renewal options are
    included in the concluded lease term when they are determined to be reasonably certain of
    exercise.

    The Company’s operating and finance lease liabilities represent the present value of future lease
    payments over the concluded lease term. We cannot determine the interest rate implicit in each of
    our leases. Therefore, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the lease
    liability that reflects the rate of interest we expect to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an
    amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. We consider a combination of factors,



                                                 15
