the Captive Venue Unit immediately upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement or the
Concession Agreement and the accompanying sublicense and to permit the peaceable possession of the Site
and the Captive Venue Unit by Chick-fil-A or, at Chick-fil-A’s election, a Chick-fil-A affiliate or another
Chick-fil-A franchisee. Chick-fil-A may operate the Concession Location(s) directly or through an affiliate
or may offer the right to operate the Concession Location(s) to another franchisee.

         8.       Survival. Upon the termination, expiration, or suspension of this Agreement, all
obligations under this Agreement and under the Franchise Agreement that expressly or by their nature are
intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any
limitations of liability, and the Operator’s and if applicable, the Operator-Owner’s reporting, payment and
indemnification obligations to Chick-fil-A (as well as any like obligations under the Franchise Agreement
and if applicable the Assignment, which were incorporated by reference into this Agreement and the
Additional Business Amendment (if applicable), will survive the termination, expiration or suspension of
this Agreement.

         9.       Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment. Except as specifically
provided in this Agreement, the Operator, and if applicable, the Operator-Owner, respectively, will comply
with all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Assignment with respect to this
Agreement, the Site and the Captive Venue Unit, even if not specifically described or referred to in this
Agreement. As a reminder, but in no way limiting the application of all of the other provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, the provisions of the Franchise Agreement include: Article 5 DAMAGE TO SITE,
EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY, Article 7 INSURANCE,
Article 12 STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS, SANITATION AND BUSINESS CONDUCT, Article 18
TRADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, Article 19 USE OF THE MARKS, Article
21 TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST, Article 22 REMEDIES, Article 24 TERMINATION, Article 25
FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP, Article 27 INDEMNIFICATION, and Article 28 GENERAL
PROVISIONS. Article 28 GENERAL PROVISIONS includes provisions with regard to notices as set forth
in subsection 28.1, the parties’ choice of Georgia law and a Georgia forum to resolve their disputes as
set forth in subsection 28.9 and subsection 28.10, the waiver of any right to trial by jury as set forth in
subsection 28.15 and Operator’s agreement not to pursue any class claims as set forth in subsection 28.13.
Pursuant to the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Additional Business Amendment to which this
Agreement is attached, these and all of the other applicable provisions of the Franchise Agreement will be
read to apply also to this Agreement. To the extent that there is a conflict between the terms of this
Agreement and the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Assignment, the express terms of this
Agreement will control with respect to the Permitted Use authorized under this Agreement and the limited
sublicense granted for the Permitted Use. In addition, the Operator must not do anything in connection
with the Site or the Captive Venue Unit that would adversely impact Chick-fil-A’s reputation or image in
the community and will not use or conduct operations from the Site on Sunday or Christmas Day. Chick-
fil-A has the right to assign this Agreement to any person or entity in its sole and exclusive business
judgment, and the benefits and obligations of Chick-fil-A under this Agreement will inure to and be binding
upon any such assigns. The Operator may not lend, sublicense, subcontract, encumber or in any way transfer
or assign the Site, the Captive Venue Unit or any of the Equipment, Leasehold Improvements or any rights
under this Agreement, the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable) or the Concession Agreement,
or transfer any interest in the Operator (if Operator is an entity), except as may be permitted under the
Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A will retain all rights attendant to or associated with the ownership of the
Equipment and license or sublease of the Site, including the right to depreciate the improvements and the
Equipment at the Site for tax, accounting and all other purposes.

          10.       Indemnification and Waiver.




Concession Sublicense Agreement                     14
