t. Integration/merger clause*         FA 28.6      Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                   schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                   (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                   you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                   Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                   may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                   including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                   All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                   California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                   to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


                 6.   The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended
to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                     Sublicense    ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                   promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                      DK Agr.
                                                   Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                    DK Lease 12    our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                   its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                   provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                   law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                   all of the provisions listed above.

                7.       Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
        of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
        with the franchise.

                 8.       Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be
effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the Wisconsin
Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§ 135.01 through 135.07, with respect to each such provision, are
met independent of and without reference to this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document. This
Addendum shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.




                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                WISCONSIN ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
