                         ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
           FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                        REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF VIRGINIA

        In recognition of the requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, §§13.1-557 et seq. of the
Code of Virginia, and Rule 21VAC5-110-10 et seq., the Franchise Disclosure Document For Prospective
Franchisees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Virginia shall be amended to include the following:

        1.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*          FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                     schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                     (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                     you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                     Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                     may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                     including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                     All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                     California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                     to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        2.    The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*          Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                      Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                      Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                        Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                     promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                      DK Agr.DK
                                                     Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                       Lease 12
                                                     our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                     its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                     provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                     law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                     all of the provisions listed above.

           3.      Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is supplemented by adding the following at
the end:

           Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a
           franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or
           termination stated in the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as
           that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia,
           that provision may not be enforceable.


                                     CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   VIRGINIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                               FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
