         Although Chick-fil-A and its franchised Operators market Chick-fil-A brand products broadly, we
find that the typical Chick-fil-A customer is in the 18-44 age group. We believe that the market for Chick-
fil-A products in the broader Sunbelt region from Pennsylvania south through Texas is relatively developed.
The market for Chick-fil-A brand products is developing in other parts of the United States. As a general
matter, sales of Chick-fil-A brand products are not seasonal. However, if you operate a mall unit, you may
experience higher sales during the holiday season when the mall is more crowded.

         In order to become a franchised Operator of a single franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business,
you will be required to sign the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit “B”) including the Lease(s) attached as an
exhibit to the Franchise Agreement, or, in the case of any captive venue unit, the Concession Sublicense
Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement incorporated by reference into your Franchise
Agreement that substitutes for the Lease(s), and must agree to operate your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business in full compliance with Chick-fil-A’s standards and specifications and comply with the
requirements governing the occupancy of the restaurant premises. The forms of Franchise Agreement Chick-
fil-A has used in the past and in other states may have terms and conditions different from the current form
Chick-fil-A offers to you. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to revise the form and terms of the Franchise
Agreement (including the Lease(s) and Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession
Agreement) that Chick-fil-A offers in the future. Chick-fil-A does not license an Operator to operate a
delivery kitchen unit as an initial business. The premises of any franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
business(es) that are not non-captive venue or non-delivery kitchen units, whether your initial business or
any additional Chick-fil A Restaurant(s) (discussed below) will be either: (i) owned by Chick-fil-A, (ii)
leased to Chick-fil-A pursuant to a prime lease or (iii) leased to Chick-fil-A pursuant to a ground lease, with
Chick-fil-A owning the building located on the premises subject to the ground lease. Any prime lease or
ground lease that is applicable to the premises will be attached to, made a part of and incorporated by
reference into the Lease for the particular Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. The premises of any captive
venue franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business(es), whether your initial business or any additional
Chick-fil A Restaurant business(es), will be typically owned or managed by a third-party that grants
occupancy rights to Chick-fil-A (or its affiliate) pursuant to the Concession Agreement that Chick-fil-A
sublicenses to you pursuant to the Concession Sublicense Agreement. The premises of any delivery kitchen
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business(es), which would only be offered as an additional Chick-fil A
Restaurant business, will be typically owned, licensed or managed by a third-party that grants occupancy
and use rights to Chick-fil-A (or its affiliate) pursuant to the DK Lease that Chick-fil-A sublicenses or
subleases as applicable to you pursuant to the Delivery Kitchen Agreement.

         Once you have operated your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business for some period of time,
Chick-fil-A may offer you the opportunity to operate one or more additional Chick-fil--A Restaurants or
other opportunities. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate an additional
Chick-fil-A Restaurant or other opportunity and reserves the right to never offer you the opportunity to
operate an additional or different Chick-fil-A Restaurant or other opportunity. The terms and conditions
for operating any additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant business offered to you by Chick-fil-A after your first
Chick-fil-A Restaurant, if any, will be governed by your Franchise Agreement as amended by an additional
business amendment (the “Additional Business Amendment”). Your occupancy of the additional restaurant
premises will be governed by the Lease (and, as applicable, any underlying prime lease or ground lease)
for the particular premises or, (i) in the case of any captive venue unit premises, the Concession Sublicense
Agreement, together with its attached Concession Agreement and, (ii) in the case of any delivery kitchen
unit premises, the Delivery Kitchen Agreement, together with its attached DK Lease, which will be
incorporated by reference into your Franchise Agreement and substituted for the Lease(s). Alternatively
at Chick-fil-A’s election, any additional or different Chick-fil-A Restaurant business may be governed by
a new, separate Franchise Agreement on Chick-fil-A’s then-current form, including its attached Lease(s)
(and, as applicable, any underlying prime lease or ground lease) or, in the case of any captive venue unit,
the Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement and, in the case of any
delivery kitchen unit, the and Delivery Kitchen Agreement and its attached DK Lease.


                                                      5
