The current forms of the Food Truck License Agreement with attached Lease are attached as an exhibit to
the Franchise Agreement (which is attached as Exhibit B to this Disclosure Document). The Food Truck
License and Sublease Agreement and the Food Truck License Agreement with attached Lease are
sometimes referred to collectively and individually in this disclosure document as a “Food Truck License
Agreement”. As noted above, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to revise the form, terms and conditions of the
Franchise Agreement that Chick-fil-A offers in the future, which in the case of a food truck, could include
the Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement (including its attached food truck lease) and the Food
Truck License with attached Lease Agreement, as well as the Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A reserves
the right at its election to change the food truck program and to apply it differently to different Operators,
including without limitation to provide that you must lease the food truck directly from a third party or
sublease the food truck from Chick-fil-A.

         Applicable Laws and Regulations. Your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business will be
subject to laws, rules and regulations affecting businesses generally. You will be required to comply with
all such laws, rules and regulations that apply to businesses generally, including, without limitation, public
health laws, tax laws and regulations, labor, employment and wage and hour laws and regulations, insurance
laws and regulations, privacy laws, regulations, and industry standards, business licensing requirements,
immigration and homeland security laws, restrictions against smoking in public places and restaurants, the
public posting of notices regarding nutritional information, health hazards, fire safety, general emergency
preparedness, rules regarding the proper use, storage and disposal of waste materials, insecticides, and other
hazardous materials, standards regarding employee health and safety, sexual harassment laws and any other
federal, state and local regulations and ordinances which may be in effect. As a food service business, your
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business may be subject to additional federal, state and local laws, rules
and regulations regulating food service or quick service restaurant businesses, including without limitation
wage and hour, overtime, labor, scheduling, benefits and other standards, the storage, preparation, packaging,
labeling and sale of food and beverages to the public, food safety, refuse and sanitation standards and
procedures for waste materials and packaging, nutritional claims or other types of advertising, menu or
product labeling or information, and the use or maintenance of equipment involved in the preparation of
frozen drinks and other products. You must ensure that your computerized point-of-sale systems (the “POS
Systems”) and your credit card processing terminals (whichever are responsible for processing credit card
transactions) are in compliance with the most current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards
(“PCI-DSS”). You also must comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations
relating to the collection, use, and security of personal information and comply with any privacy policies
or data protection and breach response policies we periodically may establish. It is your responsibility to
comply with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations that may affect your Chick-
fil-A Restaurant business, and to obtain and comply with all licenses and licensing requirements necessary
for your Chick-fil-A Restaurant business to open and operate. We encourage you to investigate and make
inquiries regarding all these laws.

         If you are licensed to operate a food truck, you must obtain all local, state and federally required
permits and licenses, including from the state Motor Vehicle Department and state and local Health
Departments. Food trucks are subject to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing their
routes and operation, including zoning ordinances. Restrictions include where food trucks may park and
for how long, proximity to other food businesses and schools, designated parking zones and/or banned
districts, items permitted to be sold, the maximum number of licenses that may be issued, required
associated commissary locations, may only serve customers if flagged down, mandatory GPS devices, and
health and safety requirements. A food truck must also report and pay sales tax to each jurisdiction where
it makes sales. It is your responsibility to comply with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances, rules
and regulations that may affect your food truck operation, and to obtain and comply with all licenses and
licensing requirements necessary for your food truck to begin and continue operations. We encourage you
to investigate and make inquiries regarding all these laws.

        Competition. You will compete with other quick-service restaurants located near your franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, including possibly other Chick-fil-A Restaurants and Licensed Units
                                                  7
