                                                    Item 5

                                               INITIAL FEES

         You must pay an initial franchise fee of $10,000 payable in full when you sign the Franchise
Agreement whether for a traditional location or a captive venue unit. The initial franchise fee is considered
fully earned and non-refundable upon payment, except that $5,000 of the initial franchise fee is deemed to be,
and is maintained by Chick-fil-A as, an initial payment of working capital for the business(es) under the
Franchise Agreement (“the working capital deposit”). You must always maintain the working capital deposit
while you are a franchised Operator. Upon termination or non-renewal of your Franchise Agreement, Chick-
fil-A will conduct a final reconciliation and you will receive the working capital deposit funds, minus any
costs, expenses and then known losses incurred by Chick-fil-A on account of your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business or your operation of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business that you failed to pay
or that you paid but should not have paid. This process will be conducted in a method and manner determined
by Chick-fil-A under its then-current restaurant close-out procedures (currently, within two and one-half
months after termination or non-renewal).

         Chick-fil-A may, but is not obligated to, offer you a license to operate one or more additional Chick-
fil-A Restaurant businesses under your Franchise Agreement. You must pay an additional franchise fee of
$5,000 for each additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, whether for a traditional location, a captive venue
unit or a delivery kitchen unit, payable in full when you sign the Additional Business Amendment attached
as an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement. The additional franchise fee is considered fully earned and non-
refundable upon payment.

         Prior to the opening of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, you must obtain from Chick-
fil-A the premises Lease for a traditional location, the Concession Sublicense Agreement for any captive
venue unit, and the Delivery Kitchen Agreement for any delivery kitchen agreement, each of which also
includes the equipment lease. You must also obtain applicable insurance coverages elected by you or
designated by Chick-fil-A, from Chick-fil-A or through Chick-fil-A acting as administrator (other than
workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability insurance, and employment practices liability
insurance), as described in Items 6, 7, 8 and 10. With regard to workers’ compensation, general liability,
auto liability insurance, and employment practices liability insurance you will obtain these coverages from
the designated insurance carrier, and will get billed by and pay premiums to the program administrator. The
payments you will make to Chick-fil-A directly or as the program administrator are estimated to range from
approximately $4,100 to $200,000 annually, exclusive of any applicable taxes, but will not be due until after
your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business opens.

          Prior to the opening of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, you must also obtain almost
all of the opening inventory of food products, ingredients, and supplies from an approved distributor. The
cost of your purchases from our approved distributor will already reflect amounts the distributor paid to Chick-
fil-A for Chick-fil-A’s proprietary seasoning applied by Chick-fil-A’s poultry suppliers to most of the
Chick-fil-A brand chicken products and for Chick-fil-A’s proprietary seasoned coater you apply yourself
in the preparation of most Chick-fil-A brand chicken products and also amounts the distributor paid to our
affiliate Bay Center for Chick-fil-A’s proprietary lemon juice produced by Bay Center that is used to
produce Chick-fil-A’s proprietary branded lemonade if you are in a location Bay Center supplies. Our
affiliate CFA Supply may be your distributor for all or some of these items if you are in a location CFA Supply
services. If CFA Supply is your distributor, the payments you will make to CFA Supply for any of the opening
inventory of food products, ingredients, and supplies are estimated to range from approximately $15,000 to
$65,000, but will not be due until after your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business opens.

        Except for the circumstances described in this Item 5, we do not refund any initial fee.




                                                      20
