Exhibit “B-1” for a corporation and Exhibit “B-2” for a limited liability company personally guarantee the
Franchise Agreement, including its attached Lease(s), any Concession Sublicense Agreement(s) for captive
venue units. (Franchise Agreement, Section 21, any Delivery Kitchen Agreement(s) for delivery kitchen units.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 21, Assignment and Consent to Assignment Agreement, Section 2, Additional
Business Amendment (Business Entity), Section 8). See Items 5, 6 and 15 for more information.

          Upon default of your lease, sublease or sublicense obligations or equipment rental obligations under
the Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement for a captive venue unit or Delivery Kitchen Agreement for a
delivery kitchen unit, your liability could include termination of your lease, sublease, sublicense or equipment
rental, termination of the Franchise Agreement including its attached Lease(s) and/or any Concession
Sublicense Agreement(s) and loss of franchise, and/or payment of entire unpaid amounts and interest, costs
of recovery, cost of collection and attorneys’ fees and/or reimbursement of Chick-fil-A’s costs to perform the
obligations you failed to perform together with interest. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 14.11 and 24; Lease,
Section 10; Concession Sublicense Agreement, Sections 4 and 9; Assignment and Consent to Assignment
Agreement, Section 6.6). If you holdover or remain in occupancy of the premises for a non-captive venue
and non- delivery kitchen location after your Lease terminates or expires, the base rent and percentage rent
will double, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, but payment will not waive Chick-fil-A’s other
rights or remedies. (Lease, Section 11.) If you fail to perform your obligations under the Lease, for a
captive venue unit under the Concession Sublicense Agreement, including the Concession Agreement, or
for a delivery kitchen unit under a Delivery Kitchen Agreement, Chick-fil-A may perform and you will
reimburse Chick-fil-A’s cost, together with interest. (Lease, Section 10.6; Concession Sublicense
Agreement and Delivery Kitchen Agreement, Section 5). Upon default of your obligations under the Food
Truck License Agreement for a food truck, your liability could include termination of the Food Truck License
Agreement, potentially termination of the Franchise Agreement including its attached Lease(s) and/or any
Concession Sublicense Agreement(s) and loss of franchise, and/or payment of entire unpaid amounts and
interest, costs of recovery, cost of collection and attorneys’ fees and/or reimbursement of Chick-fil-A’s costs
to perform the obligations you failed to perform together with interest. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 14.11
and 24; Food Truck License Agreement, Section 14).

        You waive under the Lease, under the Concession Sublicense Agreement, under the Delivery
Kitchen Agreement and under the Food Truck License Agreement the right to trial by jury, the right to
pursue class claims and punitive and exemplary damage. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 28.12, 28.13,
28.15; Lease, Section 14.9; Concession Sublicense Agreement and Delivery Kitchen Agreement, Section 9;
Food Truck License Agreement, Section 9).

        Under the Lease, the Concession Sublicense Agreement, and the Delivery Kitchen Agreement, you
waive the service of any notice of intention to re-enter or to institute legal proceedings and any and all rights
to redeem the agreement or the Site, or to re-enter the Building or the Site, or to restore the operation of the
agreement, after (i) re-entry by Chick-fil-A, (ii) any warrant to dispossess or judgment in ejection or (iii)
any expiration or termination of the agreement and the term. If Chick-fil-A elects to recover possession by
invoking judicial process, you waive and relinquish any and all protections and rights afforded a
commercial tenant under Georgia law, including O.C.G.A. § 44-7-52 or similar law. (Lease, Section 12.2;
Concession Sublicense Agreement and Delivery Kitchen Agreement, Section 10). You also waive under
the Lease any emergency statutory or other statutory remedy. (Lease, Section 14.9).

        In the formula for calculating the fees and expenses owed by each Operator’s franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business, Chick-fil-A indirectly finances your retention of your Base Profit and Extra Profit if your
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business does not produce enough Aggregate Operating Profit to cover these
draw items. The specific terms of this arrangement are described in Item 6 of this Disclosure Document.

         Although Chick-fil-A has the right to do so, it has not in the past, and does not presently intend in
the future to sell, assign or transfer any instrument executed by its Operators to a third-party (except that
some of Chick-fil-A’s lenders may have a security interest in its Franchise Agreements and in its restaurant
leases, concession agreements and DK Leases). Chick-fil-A has the right to make an assignment or a
                                                       48
