     Chick-fil-A may maintain your funds in segregated, group and/or general bank account(s) that
     include your funds, other operators’ funds and/or Chick-fil-A’s funds. Chick-fil-A may use the
     funds at its election from time to time prior to your funds being disbursed pursuant to the terms of
     the Franchise Agreement, and if and only to the extent that Chick-fil-A does so, Chick-fil-A will
     pay interest on the used funds for the time period of their use at an interest rate and using an
     allocation method as determined by Chick-fil-A in its sole and exclusive business judgment from
     time to time; provided, however, that the interest rate for any applicable period shall not be less
     than the applicable Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal for the same time period (the
     “Applicable Prime Rate”) and shall not be greater than the Applicable Prime Rate plus one percent.
     Any bank account(s) established or maintained by Chick-fil-A are not trust funds or trust
     accounts. No fiduciary or implied duties, relationships or covenants exist between Chick-fil-A and
     you arising out of or relating to the Franchise Agreement, the program, the account(s), the funds or
     their respective administration. Chick-fil-A only, and not you, is entitled to receive the earnings
     credits, interest and/or any other banking benefits, if any, earned, awarded or elected on the
     account(s) and the funds in the account(s).

6.   Your lease payment and other lease terms will be based on the Lease, and any applicable prime
     lease or ground lease, for your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business in a traditional location,
     and will vary depending on where your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located, the
     size of the premises, whether you are to operate a free-standing, mall or in-line restaurant, and other
     factors. The occupancy charge for a captive venue unit and use/occupancy charge for a deliver
     kitchen unit are described in the following Note.

     If Chick-fil-A owns the premises on which a Chick-fil-A Restaurant is operated, under the terms of
     the Lease, you will be a lessee of the premises and must comply with the obligations imposed by
     Chick-fil-A upon you as primary lessee of the premises. You will be required to make monthly
     payments to Chick-fil-A. The monthly payments will include, as applicable, all of the monthly
     base rent, percentage rent and any other extra or additional charges, expenses and rents due under
     the Lease (“Additional Charges and Expenses” due under the Lease as defined in Section 1 and
     Section 3.3 of the Lease). Additional Charges and Expenses include, without limitation, all taxes,
     common area maintenance (CAM) charges, and other additional or extra charges and rents.

     If Chick-fil-A leases the premises on which a Chick-fil-A Restaurant is operated, under the terms
     of the Lease, you will be a sublessee of the premises and must comply with the obligations imposed
     on Chick-fil-A as the primary lessee of the premises and imposed by Chick-fil-A upon you as a
     sublessee. You will be required to make monthly payments to Chick-fil-A. The monthly payments
     will include, as applicable, all of the monthly base rent, percentage rent and any other extra or
     additional charges, expenses and rents due under the Lease (“Additional Charges and Expenses”
     due under the Lease as defined in Section 1 and Section 3.3 of the Lease). Additional Charges and
     Expenses include, without limitation, all taxes, common area maintenance (CAM) charges, and
     other additional or extra charges and rents.

     The prime lease, ground lease and other related real estate documents for a site are subject to
     periodic amendment, renewal and/or renegotiation. As a result, the obligations imposed upon
     Chick-fil-A for a site may change from time to time and, as a result, the terms of your Lease with
     Chick-fil-A (including your monthly payments to Chick-fil-A, the base rent, percentage rent, taxes,
     common area maintenance (CAM) charges, and other additional or extra charges and rents) could
     also change. In addition, as a result of a periodic amendment, renewal and/or renegotiation of the
     prime lease, ground lease or other related real estate documents for the site, your rights and
     privileges to use and enjoy the premises could also change during the term of your Franchise
     Agreement and its attached Lease(s), including with regard to signage, physical layout, parking,
     access, site and/or product related exclusives and other matters.


                                                  30
