Chick-fil-A, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022


    Treasury Stock
    The Company accounts for share repurchases using the par value method under which the
    repurchase price is charged to additional paid-in capital up to the amount of the original issue
    proceeds of the repurchased shares. When the repurchase price is greater than the original issue
    proceeds, the excess is charged to retained earnings. Repurchased shares that are not
    subsequently retired are recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as Treasury
    stock at their par value. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company held 14,382,928 non-
    voting common shares as treasury stock.

    Preferred Stock
    During 2023, the Company issued 2,733,225 shares of $0.01 par value, Series A preferred stock in
    a one-for-one exchange for the Company’s $0.01 par value non-voting common stock.
    Immediately following the exchange transaction, the Company retired the redeemed non-voting
    common shares. The Series A preferred stock is non-voting, non-convertible and non-redeemable
    by the holder and has a stated liquidation preference of $196 per share. The Company recorded
    the preferred stock at fair value on the issuance date with the difference between the fair value and
    par value reflected in Additional paid-in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
    Each share of Series A preferred stock entitles the holder to a 7.0% annual cumulative dividend,
    payable quarterly on the preferred stock’s stated liquidation preference. As of December 31, 2024
    and 2023, the Company had declared but unpaid dividends on our outstanding Series A preferred
    stock of approximately $9,375,000 and $9,375,000, respectively, which is recorded within Other
    current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

    Company-Owned Life Insurance
    Company-owned life insurance represents insurance on the lives of certain individuals who have
    provided positive consent allowing the Company to be the beneficiary of such policies. The
    Company is the primary beneficiary of the insurance policies and incurs recurring premium
    payments to keep the policies active. Increases in the cash surrender value of the policies are
    recorded as reductions of the related cost of the insurance policies, and such costs are recorded
    within Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements
    of comprehensive earnings. Company-owned life insurance is recorded on the consolidated
    balance sheets at the cash surrender value of the policies which materially approximates fair value.

    Self-Insurance
    Beginning in 2023, the Company is primarily self-insured for certain employee-related welfare
    benefits. Self-insurance accruals are primarily based on the actuarially estimated cost of claims,
    which includes historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other
    relevant information. Costs are recognized in the period the claim is incurred, and the financial
    statement accruals include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. The Company has
    stop-loss coverage to limit our exposure to any significant exposure on a per claim basis. The
    Company presents the accruals related to our self-insurance net of expected stop-loss recoveries
    when conditions for offsetting pursuant to ASC 210, Balance Sheet are met. Where the conditions
    for offsetting under ASC 210 are not met, the Company presents the self-insurance accruals
    separate from the related stop-loss receivables.

    Derivatives and Financial Instruments
    The carrying amount of the Company’s financial instruments approximates their fair value. The fair
    value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a
    current transaction between willing parties. U.S. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
    which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to



                                                  18
