              removed prior to the Food Truck Lessor selling, leasing, transferring, disposing of or otherwise
              conveying any interest in any returned Food Truck;

         f.   Cost of Performance. If the Operator fails to perform any of its obligations under this
              Agreement or the attached Food Truck Lease, Chick-fil-A, at its option, may (but is not
              required to) do the same or cause the same to be done, in addition to any and all other rights
              and remedies of Chick-fil-A. The cost incurred by Chick-fil-A in connection with performance
              by Chick-fil-A will be an additional charge due from the Operator to Chick-fil-A, together with
              interest pursuant to Section 14.11 of the Franchise Agreement.

         g. Gain or Loss on Sale of the Food Truck. If on the sale of the Food Truck under the Food Truck
            Lease, the net sale proceeds are less than the Depreciated Value (as indicated and determined
            under the Food Truck Lease), and Chick-fil-A is required to remit any amounts to the Food
            Truck Lessor as a result of Operator failing to make any payments required to be made by the
            Operator under the Food Truck Lease, the cost incurred by Chick-fil-A in connection with
            performance by Chick-fil-A will be an additional charge due from the Operator to Chick-fil-A,
            together with interest pursuant to Section 14.11 of the Franchise Agreement. In addition, in
            the event that Operator defaults under the Food Truck Lease, and Chick-fil-A has performed
            on behalf of Operator, Chick-fil-A shall also realize the gain, if any, on the sale of the Food
            Truck under the Food Truck Lease. If, at the time the Food Truck is sold, the net sale proceeds
            are greater than the Depreciated Value (as indicated and determined under the Food Truck
            Lease), in the event that Operator has defaulted under the Food Truck Lease and Chick-fil-A
            has performed on behalf of Operator, Operator acknowledges and agrees that the Food Truck
            Lessor shall remit such amount to Chick-fil-A – otherwise the Food Truck Lessor will remit
            such amount to Operator.

    5. Sales Location and Hours of Operation. For each proposed instance of a Licensed Use of the Food
       Truck, the Operator will complete and submit Chick-fil-A’s then current registration form
       (“Registration Form”) and otherwise follow the registration process established for Food Trucks
       under Chick-fil-A’s then current policies and procedures for such programs, including obtaining
       approval prior to the commencement of the Licensed Use at each proposed Sales Location. During
       the Term, the Operator will use and operate the Food Truck to produce and/or sell and distribute
       Products only at the locations registered and approved pursuant to Chick-fil-A’s Additional
       Distribution Point program (individually, a “Sales Location” and collectively, the “Sales
       Locations”) and during the hours of operation specified in the applicable Registration Form for
       each Sales Location.

    6. Delivery and Availability of Food Truck. On the commencement date specified in the Food Truck
       License Summary (the “Commencement Date”), the Food Truck will have been delivered by the
       Food Truck Lessor to the Operator for the Licensed Use pursuant to the terms and conditions of
       this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement. If (a) the Franchise Agreement or the Food Truck
       Lease terminates or expires, (b) the Operator is in default under the Franchise Agreement, or (c)
       other aspects of the Business change affecting the Operator’s ability to perform the Operator’s
       obligations under this Agreement, as determined by Chick-fil-A in the exercise of its sole and
       exclusive business judgment, then Chick-fil-A will have the right to terminate this Agreement and
       the Operator will bear any and all risk arising from or related to the termination of this Agreement.
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Operator further acknowledges
       and agrees that Chick-fil-A has the right, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive business judgment, to
       terminate or suspend this Agreement or temporarily suspend or interrupt the Food Truck Program
       at any time for any reason or for no reason.

    7. Operator’s Obligations. The Operator will have the following obligations and responsibilities with
       regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck:

Food Truck License Agreement                           4
(Business Entity)
