                                                AGREEMENT

       In consideration of the above recitals, the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties, each intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

        1.      Recitals; Definitions. The parties incorporate into this Agreement the recitals under the
Background section above as if stated here in full. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this
Agreement, including in Exhibit A, Exhibit B and Exhibit C as they may be amended from time to time,
which are incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement by this reference, will have the meanings
given to them in the Franchise Agreement and the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable).

          2.        Sublicense; Use; Operator Duty to Perform Under Concession Agreement.

         (a)      As of the effective date of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Franchise Agreement, the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable) and this Agreement, Chick-fil-
A grants a limited sublicense or subconcession (collectively, “sublicense”) to the Operator of all of its rights
and privileges under the Concession Agreement to use and occupy the Site solely for the Business that is a
Captive Venue Unit during the Agreed Term of this Agreement (as defined in Section 4), selling only such
products and operating in such a manner as permitted and authorized pursuant to the Franchise Agreement
(“Permitted Use”). The limited sublicense is non-exclusive, and no so-called “exclusive,” “protected” or
other territorial rights in the Site, the Captive Venue Unit, the Concession Location(s), or the contiguous
market area around the Concession Location(s) are granted or inferred. All rights and licenses not expressly
granted to the Operator under the Franchise Agreement, the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable)
and this Agreement are reserved exclusively by and unto Chick-fil-A.

          (b)      The Operator accepts the above grant of the limited sublicense and agrees to be bound by
and observe and faithfully perform Chick-fil-A’s obligations, agreements, commitments, duties and
liabilities as if the Operator is the licensee or concessionaire under the Concession Agreement, except as
otherwise agreed by Chick-fil-A and the Operator and stated on the data sheet attached as Exhibit A.
Notwithstanding the above, Chick-fil-A will provide and install the Equipment and any additional
Equipment pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement.

         (c)     The Operator acknowledges and agrees that its rights under this Agreement are derivative
of the Operator’s status as an Operator under the Franchise Agreement and that these rights will terminate
automatically upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. The Operator will comply
with and perform all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the Franchise Agreement. A breach of any
of the terms, conditions or covenants of the Franchise Agreement by the Operator will constitute a breach
of this Agreement. Neither the Operator nor its employees, agents, contractors or invitees will perform any
act, neglect to perform any duty or fail to comply with any standard of conduct, with respect to the
franchised Businesses and/or with respect to the Captive Venue Unit, that would constitute a violation of
this Agreement, the Concession Agreement or the Franchise Agreement, as applicable.

          (d)     The Operator will use and occupy the Site solely for the Permitted Use. The Site, as well
as the Operator’s use and occupancy of the Site, is subject to the terms and conditions in the Concession
Agreement, and any and all agreements or instruments now or in the future of record or otherwise affecting
title to or otherwise affecting title to or use of the Site, including any prime lease, ground lease or other title
documents, which will be attached as exhibit(s) to the Concession Agreement. The Operator will open and
operate the Business only on Monday through and including Saturday each week (excluding Christmas
Day) during the minimum hours as may be required under the Concession Agreement and any applicable
prime lease, ground lease or other title documents, unless otherwise limited by state or local laws and


Concession Sublicense Agreement                         4
