DK Lease. In most instances you will make any payments due to the premises owner or manager under the
DK Lease directly to Chick-fil-A and Chick-fil-A will remit payment to the premises owner, licensor or
manager. Chick-fil-A will remain liable to the premises owner or manager under the DK Lease. See Items
5 and 6 for more information.

        If Chick-fil-A offers you the opportunity to operate a food truck as an extension and part of an
existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant location, the terms and conditions for operating the food truck will be
governed by your Franchise Agreement as amended by either the Food Truck License and Sublease
Agreement or Food Truck License Agreement with attached Lease you will enter into with Chick-fil-A,
each with its own attached food truck lease. Currently, in some instances, Chick-fil-A leases the food truck
from a third party and you must sublease the food truck from Chick-fil-A. Under the Food Truck License
and Sublease Agreement, Chick-fil-A licenses you to operate the food truck and subleases to you the right
to use and occupy the food truck. You accept the license and sublease and agree to faithfully perform your
obligations under the License Agreement and Chick-fil-A’s obligations under the third-party food truck lease.
Chick-fil-A will pay the lease rental payment to the third-party under the food truck lease and you will pay
Chick-fil-A a food truck usage fee in lieu of making the lease rental payment described in the food truck
lease. You will also pay directly to Chick-fil-A any payments other than the lease rental payment due under
the food truck lease to the third-party. Chick-fil-A will remain liable to the third party under the food truck
lease. See Items 5 and 6 for more information.

         In other instances, you lease the food truck directly from an approved third-party supplier and do
not sublease the food truck from Chick-fil-A. Under the Food Truck License Agreement with attached
Lease, Chick-fil-A licenses you to operate the food truck and you enter into a lease with an approved third-
party supplier for the right to use and occupy the food truck. You accept the license and lease and agree to
faithfully perform your obligations under the Food Truck License Agreement and third-party food truck
lease. You must comply with the obligations imposed on you as primary lessee of the food truck. See Items
5 and 6 above. You will pay Chick-fil-A the food truck fee under the Food Truck License Agreement with
attached Lease and the lease rental payment due from you to the third-party food truck supplier under the
third-party food truck lease. You will also pay directly to the third-party food truck supplier any payments
other than the lease rental payment due under the food truck lease with the third-party. Chick-fil-A will not
be liable to the third party under the food truck lease. See Items 5 and 6 for more information.

         The term of the Food Truck License Agreement for the food truck is the same as the term of your
Franchise Agreement or the earlier expiration or termination of the third-party food truck lease, whichever is
shorter. You will be required to comply with the terms of the food truck lease either under the sublease under
or, as applicable, direct lease attached to your Food Truck License Agreement.

         Chick-fil-A provides extended payment terms for certain pre-opening expenditures under the
Franchise Agreement and also rents equipment to its Operators under the Lease and under the Concession
Sublicense Agreement for a captive venue unit and the Delivery Kitchen Agreement for a delivery kitchen
unit. The monthly equipment rental fee is based on the fair market rental value as determined by Chick-fil-A
from time to time in its sole and exclusive business judgment, currently $750 to $5,000 per month depending on
the type of location (free-standing, in-line, drive-thru only, mall, captive venue or delivery kitchen units),
exclusive of any applicable sales, use and property taxes, for each franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant operated
by an Operator. The term of the extended payment terms for the pre-opening expenditures and the term of the
equipment lease are the same as the term of your Franchise Agreement. The equipment rental for a captive
venue unit and delivery kitchen unit could be less than the amount stated above for a captive venue unit or
delivery kitchen unit, including if the owner, licensor or manager of the premises provides certain equipment,
or more including if the venue is large.

        Under the Franchise Agreement, Chick-fil-A will retain a security interest in any business equipment
owned by you and your business. If Chick-fil-A allows you to assign the Franchise Agreement to a form of
business entity then approved by Chick-fil-A, you must under the Assignment and Consent to Assignment
Agreement that must be signed as a condition of any assignment attached to this Disclosure Document as
                                                      47
