                            AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                              FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                             REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS

         In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the parties to
the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) and its attached Lease
(the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ___________, or its attached Concession Sublicense Agreement
(“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached Additional Business Amendment
(with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement as applicable)
(the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business Amendment, individually referred to
below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

        1.      Sections 2 and 24 of the Franchise Agreement, Sections 2 and 10 of the Lease and Sections
4 and 7 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be supplemented
by the following language:

         If any of the provisions of this Section concerning termination or non-renewal are inconsistent with
         Sections 19 or 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, then said Illinois law shall apply.

        2.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

        The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the Operator, and,
        as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and extent of the
        restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies
        conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without limitation those rights and
        remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22 above, and hereby agree that (i)
        the same are reasonably required and designed solely to protect proprietary and other important
        rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator,
        and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon
        the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on
        Chick-fil-A under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
        inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator represents and
        warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is genuine and freely and
        knowingly given.

        3.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

         4.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:

        28.6     This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s), Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this Agreement as an
        exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all documents, schedules, exhibits,
        and information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference, collectively constitute
        the complete and integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the
        subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements
        of applicable state law, no other representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement;

                                     CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                      ILLINOIS AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
