          and Section 28 GENERAL PROVISIONS (including, without limitation, with regard to the
          parties’ choice of Georgia law and a Georgia forum to resolve their disputes as set forth in
          Section 28.10 thereof, the waiver of any right to trial by jury as set forth in Section 28.15 thereof
          and the Operator’s agreement not to pursue any class claims as set forth in Section 28.13 thereof),
          and such provisions will be read to apply also to this Agreement. To the extent that there is a
          conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the express terms of
          this Agreement will control with respect to the Licensed Use authorized under this Agreement and
          the limited License granted for the Licensed Use. In addition, the Operator and the Operator-Owner
          must not do anything in connection with the Sales Locations or the Food Truck that would adversely
          impact Chick-fil-A’s reputation or image in the community and will not use or conduct operations
          from the Food Truck on Sunday or Christmas Day.

     10. Sole and Exclusive Property of Chick-fil-A; Confidential Information and Ideas. The Operator and
         the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that the Food Truck Program, including but not limited
         to the development of the Food Truck and the program, this Agreement (and any of its terms), the
         Food Truck Lease (and any of its terms), the design and specifications, menu selection, marketing
         methods and strategies (including social media), sales, cost, data and analysis relating to the Food
         Truck Agreement, and any Guidelines and Methods developed for the Food Truck are the sole and
         exclusive property of Chick-fil-A, and constitute Intellectual Property and Confidential
         Information under the Franchise Agreement. The Operator and the Operator-Owner will not acquire
         any ownership interest or other right in and to the Food Truck Program, the Food Truck, its
         equipment, furnishing and fixtures, associated Guidelines and Methods, Intellectual Property or
         Confidential Information, except for the temporary right and License to operate the Food Truck for
         the Licensed Use at the Sales Locations as expressly provided in this Agreement. Under
         Section 18.5 of the Franchise Agreement, any idea, concept, technique or material concerning the
         Food Truck and the Food Truck Program, including any advertising materials and social
         networking accounts, that the Operator, the Operator-Owner or any of the Operator’s employees
         create in the operation or servicing of the Food Truck or conduct of the Food Truck Program as
         contemplated by this Agreement, will be Ideas, and Chick-fil-A or CFA Properties will own all
         rights in any and all Ideas. The Operator may not lend, sublicense, subcontract, sublease, encumber
         or in any way transfer or assign the Food Truck or any of the Food Truck’s equipment, furnishings,
         or fixtures or any rights under this Agreement. Chick-fil-A will retain all rights attendant to or
         associated with the lease of the Food Truck, including, without limitation, the right to depreciate
         the Food Truck for tax, accounting and all other purposes.

     11. No Warranties. The Food Truck provided to the Operator by Chick-fil-A pursuant to the sublease
         of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement is furnished “AS IS” and “WHERE
         IS” and without any warranty of any kind by or from Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A expressly disclaims
         any representations or warranties, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the
         Food Truck and this Agreement, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
         merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

     12. Storage; Maintenance; Repair. The Operator, (a) may use the Food Truck only in compliance with
         the Food Truck Lease and only in connection with the Operator’s operation of the Food Truck at
         the Sales Locations, (b) will store and maintain the Food Truck at the Operator’s Business when
         not in use at a Sales Location (c) will service and repair the Food Truck in order to maintain its
         appearance and good working condition according to best industry practices, manufacturer’s
         specifications, and using reputable and established service and repair vendors, and (d) will not make
         any changes, alterations or additions to the Food Truck without prior written consent of Chick-fil-
         A, and all in accordance with Chick-fil-A’s then current Minimum Standards, Guidelines and other
         policies and procedures as may be amended by Chick-fil-A from time to time. In servicing and
         repairing the Food Truck and its equipment, furnishings and fixtures, the Operator will solely use
         suppliers and vendors that demonstrate the ability to meet Chick-fil-A’s then Minimum Standards
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              9
(Business Entity)
