    AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENTAND LEASE
                   REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF INDIANA

        In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 23-
2-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to
23-2-2.7-7, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) and its
attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of __________________, or its attached Concession
Sublicense Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached Additional
Business Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen
Agreement as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business Amendment,
individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

        1.     Section 2.2 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Term and Additional
Businesses,” Section 2.3 of the Lease, under the heading “Term,” and Section 4(a) of any Concession
Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading “Term; Termination,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                Chick-fil-A will not refuse to renew the Franchise Agreement, the Lease or any
                Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement without good
                cause.

         2.     Section 4.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Business Operation,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                Chick-fil-A will not compete unfairly with the Operator within a reasonable area
                of the Operator’s franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses.

        3.      Section 22.1 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Remedies,” Section 10.5 of
the Lease, under the heading “Irreparable Harm,” and Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement
or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading “Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the
Assignment,” are supplemented by adding the following sentence at the end:

                Any reservation of rights by Chick-fil-A to injunctive relief and specific damages
                or limitations on the remedies available to either party without benefit of
                appropriate process is prohibited under IC 23-2-2.7-1(10). The Operator cannot
                be required to recognize the adequacy or inadequacy of any remedy. The waiver
                or release of any rights by the Operator with regard to this Agreement is prohibited
                to the extent required under IC 23-2-2.7-1(5).

        4.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

                The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the
                Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and
                extent of the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and
                the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without
                limitation those rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and
                22 above, and hereby agree that (i) the same are reasonably required and designed solely
                to protect proprietary and other important rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are
                reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-

                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                     INDIANA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
