          g. Other Food Truck Program-Related Agreements. Negotiation and signature of any agreements
             or other arrangements regarding the use of the Food Truck for the Licensed Use will be the
             responsibility of and be performed by the Operator. The Operator will have no authority to
             bind Chick-fil-A by contract or otherwise to any agreement with a third party. The Operator
             will ensure that all aspects of the Sales Locations and the use of the Food Truck at the Sales
             Locations comply with and satisfy Chick-fil-A’s Minimum Standards, including any
             Guidelines for the Food Truck Program prepared by Chick-fil-A and delivered to or otherwise
             made available to the Operator from time to time. Chick-fil-A’s grant of the License for the
             Licensed Use is not a guaranty, recommendation, warranty or endorsement by Chick-fil-A that
             the Licensed Use will prove beneficial for the Operator or that the terms of any agreement for
             the use of the Food Truck at the Sales Locations are advantageous to the Operator.

          h. Sale of Products; Gross Receipts. Gross receipts generated as a result of sales from the Food
             Truck will be included in the Gross Receipts of the Operator’s Business pursuant to the
             Franchise Agreement and will otherwise be treated as sales occurring outside of the Restaurant
             in accordance with Chick-fil-A’s then-current standards and procedures. Further, the Operator
             agrees to maintain separate books and records to track the gross receipts, operating costs and
             expenses resulting from the operation of the Food Truck. The Operator agrees to maintain such
             books and records for at least five (5) years and provide them to Chick-fil-A’s Tax Department,
             if required, upon a sales tax audit.

          i.   Food Truck Staffing. The Operator will provide employees from the Business to fulfill the
               Operator’s staffing needs for the proper use and operation of the Food Truck. All employees
               will be employed, trained and supervised by the Operator. Chick-fil-A will have no
               responsibility or liability whatsoever for the selection, supervision, disciplining, scheduling,
               conduct, payment, benefits or compensation of the Operator’s employees at any time, and the
               Operator’s employees will not be employees nor shared or joint employees of Chick-fil-A.

          j.   Food Truck Operations and Procedures; Training of Employees.

                i. Prior to the commencement of operations of the Food Truck by the Operator under this
                   Agreement and prior to the training of the Operator’s employees, the Operator will
                   participate in any walk-thru meetings or sessions offered by Chick-fil-A and otherwise will
                   establish a thorough understanding of the safe and proper operation, including driving, of
                   the Food Truck, its equipment and food storage and preparation procedures including,
                   without limitation, any food safety and cleaning/sanitizing procedures for the Food Truck,
                   and use of the Business as a commissary to support the operation of the Food Truck. Prior
                   to the commencement of operations of the Food Truck, the Operator will train the
                   Operator’s production team members and other employees who will be staffing and
                   otherwise servicing the Food Truck, in the safe operation and use of the Food Truck and
                   its equipment, food storage, preparation procedures and care and maintenance. The
                   Operator and the Operator’s employees are not permitted or authorized to and will not
                   change, modify or reconfigure the Food Truck or its equipment or authorize any third party
                   to do so at any time without Chick-fil-A’s review and prior approval. The Operator is
                   solely responsible for ensuring that the Food Truck’s operations are conducted with
                   reasonable care and that all prudent safety procedures that apply to the operation or other
                   use of the Food Truck are followed.

               ii. The Operator and any other individual, who drives the Food Truck, must satisfy (A) all
                   state and local requirements for operation of a commercial food truck, (B) all insurer
                   requirements for operation of the Food Truck, and (C) the following minimum
                   requirements to be allowed to drive the Food Truck (unless state and local or insurance
                   requirements are more restrictive, in which case such state, local or insurance requirements

Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               9
(Sole Proprietorship)
