party and does not prevent the Operator from seeking indemnification from another third party whose
actions, or the actions of the third party’s employee, were the source of any injury, damage or loss.

                (d)     The Operator’s obligations under this section will be in addition to any indemnity
and insurance provisions contained in the DK Lease and in the Franchise Agreement.

                  (e)       The Operator waives the service of any notice of intention to re-enter or to institute
legal proceedings to that end which otherwise might be required to be given under any present or future
law. The Operator will not have, and hereby expressly waives, any and all rights which are or may be
conferred upon the Operator by any present or future law to redeem this Agreement or the Site, or to re-
enter the Site, or to restore the operation of this Agreement, after (i) re-entry by Chick-fil-A, (ii) any warrant
to dispossess or judgment in ejection or (iii) any expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Agreed
Term, whether such dispossession, re-entry, expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Agreed
Term is by operation of law or pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. If Chick-fil-A acquires
possession without judicial proceedings, it will be deemed a re-entry within the meaning of that word as
used in this Agreement and not a technical or legal definition. In the event that Chick-fil-A elects to recover
possession by invoking judicial process, the Operator acknowledges that the Site is to be used for
commercial purposes, and the Operator expressly waives and relinquishes any and all protections and rights
afforded a commercial tenant under Georgia law, including without limitation O.C.G.A. § 44-7-52, if
applicable, or any law of like import now or in the future in effect or applicable, if any.

         11.    Effectiveness; Time is of Essence; Separate and Independent Business. This
Agreement will not become valid against either party hereto until it has been executed by the Operator and
accepted and executed by Chick-fil-A in the State of Georgia. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE with respect
to the due performance of the terms, covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, provided,
however, that no delay or failure to enforce any of the provisions contained in this Agreement and no
conduct or statement will waive or affect any of Chick-fil-A’s rights under this Agreement. The Operator
will have no authority, express or implied, to act as agent of Chick-fil-A or any of its affiliates for any
purpose. The Operator is, and will remain, a separate and independent businessperson or, as applicable,
entity responsible for all obligations and liabilities, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of
the Delivery Kitchen Unit located on the Site. All agreements, covenants and indemnifications contained
in this Agreement or made in writing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement by or on behalf of the Operator
will be deemed material and will survive expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement.

          12.       Execution; Entire Agreement; Counterparts.

              (a)     The parties acknowledge and agree that the data sheet attached as Exhibit A as it
may be amended from time to time is complete and accurate and forms a part of this Agreement.

                 (b)     This Agreement, including its exhibits and amendments, including the DK
Summary data sheet attached as Exhibit A, the Equipment Lease Addendum attached as Exhibit B, and the
DK Lease attached as Exhibit C, as well as the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable) and
the Additional Business Amendment to which this Agreement is attached, and all documents, schedules,
exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement by
reference, collectively constitute the complete and integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the
Operator concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, the operation of the Delivery Kitchen Unit as a
Business and the DK Lease, and supersede all prior agreements between the parties. No other
representations or statements of any kind have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement except that the
Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A’s representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that
Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in
                                                       14
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
