         4.    The Item 17 table item v, the provision entitled “Choice of forum” for the Franchise
Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement
shall be amended so that it reflects that there is no such provision contained in the Franchise Agreement,
the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement for use in North
Dakota.

         5.     The Item 17 table item w, the provision entitled “Choice of law” for the Franchise
Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement
shall be supplemented by the following language:

                 This provision may not be enforceable under North Dakota law. North Dakota law will
                 apply to all claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.


        6.       Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

                 No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
                 connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
                 (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
                 inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
                 seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any
                 other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

         7.      Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional and other requirements of the North
Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent. Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and any rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, are met independently without reference to this Addendum to the
Franchise Disclosure Document. This Addendum shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or
other requirements are not met.




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
             NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
