                                  AMENDMENT TO THE
                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                        REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF WISCONSIN
               In recognition of the requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat.
§§ 135.01 through 135.07, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise
Agreement”) and its attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ___________, or its attached
Concession Sublicense Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached
Additional Business Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional
Business Amendment, individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

                1.      Sections 2 and 24 of the Franchise Agreement under the headings entitled “Term
and Additional Businesses” and “Termination,” and Sections 2 and 10 of the Lease entitled “Site, Term and
Use,” and “Default, Termination and Remedies,” Sections 4 and 7 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement
entitled “Term; Termination,” and “Default; Termination and Expiration,” and Sections 4 and 7 of any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement entitled “Term; Termination,” and “Default; Termination and Expiration,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of following language:

                Chick-fil-A will not refuse to renew the Franchise Agreement without good cause.
                2.       The thirty (30) days’ written notice provisions in Section 2.2 of the Franchise
Agreement, Section 2.3 of the Lease, Section 4(a) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement and Section
4(a) of any Delivery Kitchen Agreement and the forty-five (45) days’ written notice provision in Section
2.3 of the Lease, Section 4(a) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement and Section 4(a) of any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement shall be changed to require ninety (90) days’ written notice instead.
                3.       Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions
Deemed Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based
on any representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

                The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the
                Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and
                extent of the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and
                the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without
                limitation those rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and
                22 above, and hereby agree that (i) the same are reasonably required and designed solely
                to protect proprietary and other important rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are
                reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-
                Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as
                applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A
                under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
                inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator
                represents and warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is
                genuine and freely and knowingly given.




                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   WISCONSIN AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
