              will be employed, trained and supervised by the Operator. Chick-fil-A will have no
              responsibility or liability whatsoever for the selection, supervision, disciplining, scheduling,
              conduct, payment, benefits or compensation of the Operator’s employees at any time, and the
              Operator’s employees will not be employees nor shared or joint employees of Chick-fil-A.

         j.   Food Truck Operations and Procedures; Training of Employees.

               i. Prior to the commencement of operations of the Food Truck by the Operator under this
                  Agreement and prior to the training of the Operator’s employees, the Operator will
                  participate in any training, walk-thru meetings or sessions offered by the Food Truck
                  Lessor or Chick-fil-A and otherwise will establish a thorough understanding of the safe
                  and proper operation, including driving, of the Food Truck, its equipment and food storage
                  and preparation procedures including, without limitation, any food safety and
                  cleaning/sanitizing procedures for the Food Truck, and use of the Business as a commissary
                  to support the operation of the Food Truck. Prior to the commencement of operations of
                  the Food Truck, the Operator will train the Operator’s production team members and other
                  employees who will be staffing and otherwise servicing the Food Truck, in the safe
                  operation and use of the Food Truck and its equipment, food storage, preparation
                  procedures and care and maintenance. The Operator and the Operator’s employees are not
                  permitted or authorized to and will not change, modify or reconfigure the Food Truck or
                  its equipment or authorize any third party to do so at any time without Chick-fil-A’s and,
                  as applicable and required under the Food Truck Lease, the Food Truck Lessor’s review
                  and prior approval. The Operator is solely responsible for ensuring that the Food Truck’s
                  operations are conducted with reasonable care and that all prudent safety procedures that
                  apply to the operation or other use of the Food Truck are followed.

              ii. The Operator and any other individual, who drives the Food Truck, must satisfy (A) all
                  state and local requirements for operation of a commercial food truck, (B) all insurer
                  requirements for operation of the Food Truck, and (C) the following minimum
                  requirements to be allowed to drive the Food Truck (unless state and local or insurance
                  requirements are more restrictive, in which case such state, local or insurance requirements
                  will apply): (i) at least twenty-one years of age; (ii) holds a valid driver’s license, a copy
                  of which is maintained by the Operator, and (iii) has no history of serious violations within
                  the last five years and no more than two moving violations in the last three years, based
                  upon the Operator’s review of the driver’s Motor Vehicle Record for the applicable period
                  stated in this clause. The Operator will ensure that a pre-inspection and a post-inspection
                  of the Food Truck are completed and a complete and current record of such inspections is
                  maintained. Inspection components include, but are not limited to, properly working lights,
                  signals and horn, wipers, mirrors and safety belts, tire tread acceptable, no glass
                  chips/cracks that can hinder vision, doors close and lock, body of vehicle is intact
                  (bumpers, etc.). For purposes of clause (iii) above, “two moving violations” will include,
                  without limitation, speeding, failure to signal, improper passing, following too close,
                  careless driving, not wearing a safety belt, expired tags and plates as well as no proof of
                  insurance, and “serious violations” will include, without limitation, any alcohol related
                  violation, racing/speed contest, reckless driving, vehicular homicide or assault, conviction
                  of a crime involving a motor vehicle, eluding or attempting to elude a police officer, hit
                  and run, and any other like offenses.

         k. Food Truck Condition and Return. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
              Agreement, the Operator will (i) make the Food Truck available to Chick-fil-A or its designee
              at such time and location as directed by Chick-fil-A in accordance with all terms, provisions
              and requirements of the Food Truck Lease and in a clean and neat condition, and in as good
              order and repair and in the same condition as existed immediately prior to the Operator’s
Food Truck License Agreement                           7
(Business Entity)
