based on the total annual rent due under the Ground Lease, which sum will be divided by twelve. The monthly Base
Rent could increase when and if, among other things, the rent or other charges under the Ground Lease increase.

To the extent the calendar year-to-date Gross Receipts (as such term is defined in Section 3.2 of this Lease) of your
franchised Chick-fil-A restaurant business exceed the Year-To-Date Percentage Rent Breakpoint (as such term is
defined below), you will be obligated to pay Chick-fil-A Percentage Rent in the amount of six percent (6%) of all
Gross Receipts over the Year-To-Date Percentage Rent Breakpoint. For the purposes of this Rent Calculation Report,
Year-To-Date Percentage Rent Breakpoint shall mean the Annual Percentage Rent Breakpoint prorated on a monthly
basis for the number of months that have elapsed in any given calendar year.

Additional Charges and Expenses

In addition to Rent, your monthly Lease payments to Chick-fil-A for this Site are subject to and will include any
Additional Charges and Expenses due under the Lease (as such term is defined in Section 1 and as more specifically
described in Section 3.3 of this Lease). Additional Charges and Expenses due under the Lease include, without
limitation, taxes, common area maintenance (CAM) charges, and other additional or extra charges and rents.

Ground Lease

The underlying Ground Lease for this Site is subject to amendment, renewal and/or renegotiation with the ground
lessor for the Site during the term of your Franchise Agreement and this Lease. As a result, your monthly Lease
payments to Chick-fil-A could change, including, without limitation, the calculation of Base Rent, Percentage Rent,
and Additional Charges and Expenses.

Commencement Date

Your actual Commencement Date may vary from the projected Commencement Date. The projected Commencement
Date may not necessarily be during the first year of the term under the Ground Lease or any other applicable document.
Base Rent and Percentage Rent terms may increase, decrease or otherwise change if the actual Commencement Date
varies from the projected Commencement Date and/or in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Franchise
Agreement and this Lease (which incorporates the Ground Lease).

Franchise Agreement and Lease Control

The notes are added as a summary explanation. You should refer to the Franchise Agreement and this Lease (and
specifically the Ground Lease attached as Exhibit “B” to this Lease) to review specific terms and provisions. In the
event of a conflict or inconsistency between the information provided in this Rent Calculation Report or this Lease,
the terms of this Lease shall govern and control; provided, however, any then current specific and enumerated
economic terms regarding the amount of or basis for calculating the Rent for the Site set forth in the then current Rent
Calculation Report shall prevail in the event of any conflict with any generic terms regarding the amount of or basis
for calculating the Rent set forth in the Lease.




Lease
