and not a technical or legal definition. In the event that Chick-fil-A elects to recover possession by invoking
judicial process, the Operator acknowledges that the Site is to be used for commercial purposes, and the
Operator expressly waives and relinquishes any and all protections and rights afforded a commercial tenant
under Georgia law, including without limitation O.C.G.A. § 44-7-52, if applicable, or any law of like import
now or in the future in effect or applicable, if any.

         11.    Effectiveness; Time is of Essence; Separate and Independent Business. This
Agreement will not become valid against either party hereto until it has been executed by the Operator and
accepted and executed by Chick-fil-A in the State of Georgia. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE with respect
to the due performance of the terms, covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, provided,
however, that no delay or failure to enforce any of the provisions contained in this Agreement and no
conduct or statement will waive or affect any of Chick-fil-A’s rights under this Agreement. The Operator
will have no authority, express or implied, to act as agent of Chick-fil-A or any of its affiliates for any
purpose. The Operator is, and will remain, a separate and independent business person or, as applicable,
entity responsible for all obligations and liabilities, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of
the Captive Venue Unit located on the Site. All agreements, covenants and indemnifications contained in
this Agreement or made in writing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement by or on behalf of the Operator
will be deemed material and will survive expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement.

          12.       Execution; Entire Agreement; Counterparts.

      (a)      The parties acknowledge and agree that the data sheet attached as Exhibit A as it may be
amended from time to time is complete and accurate and forms a part of this Agreement.

         (b)      This Agreement, including its exhibits and amendments, including the data sheet attached
as Exhibit A, the Equipment Lease Addendum attached as Exhibit B, and the Concession Agreement
attached as Exhibit C, as well as the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable) and if applicable
the Additional Business Amendment to which this Agreement is attached, and all documents, schedules,
exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement by
reference, collectively constitute the complete and integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the
Operator concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, the operation of the Captive Venue Unit as a
Business and the Concession Agreement, and supersede all prior agreements between the parties. No other
representations or statements of any kind have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement except that the
Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A’s representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that
Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in
connection with the Operator’s entry into the Franchise Agreement and if applicable this Agreement (the
“FDD”). No representations, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to
this Agreement (including the attached Concession Agreement), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment
(if applicable), the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD were made by either party
and none will have any effect with reference to this Agreement. No officer, employee, or other servant or
agent of Chick-fil-A is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in
this Agreement (including the attached Concession Agreement), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment
(if applicable), the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination,
or attempted waiver or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in
writing and signed by Chick-fil-A.

        (c)     This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and at various times and at
various places by the several parties, all of which counterparts taken together will be deemed as one original.
Executed copies of this Agreement, whether delivered by electronic transmission or otherwise, will be
deemed to be as effective as original signatures.



Concession Sublicense Agreement                       15
