        registration, has been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or
        has been the subject of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antifraud or
        securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of
        property; or unfair or deceptive practices or comparable allegations.

                 D.       No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive
        order or decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State or Canadian franchise,
        securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or
        pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently
        effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as
        defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person
        from membership in such association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective
        injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action
        brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting
        a license as a real estate broker or sales agent.

        3.      Item 4, “Bankruptcy,” shall be amended by adding the following at the end:

                 Neither the franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers, or general partner
        during the ten-year period immediately preceding the date of this Franchise Disclosure
        Document: (a) filed as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the
        U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy
        Code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that
        either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S.
        Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge for its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code
        during or within 1 year after the officer or general partner of the franchisor held this
        position in the company or partnership.

         4.     Item 13, “Trademarks,” shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the
end of the second paragraph following the table of CFA Properties’ trademarks, following the sentence:

        Furthermore, we do not know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could
        materially affect your use of the above-identified marks in this or any other state.

         5.     Item 5, “Initial Franchise Fee,” shall be amended by the addition of the following language
at the end:

        The initial franchise fee may, in part, be profit to us, and constitutes part of our general operating
        funds and will be used as such in our business judgment.

       6.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement item d under the heading entitled
“Termination by franchisee,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end in
the summary

                You may terminate the Franchise Agreement and the Lease upon any grounds available by
                law.

       7.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item j under the heading entitled

                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
