          Training in all subjects is conducted approximately seven times each year. Chick-fil-A intends,
though is not obligated, to prepare and offer various seminars and conferences to Operators in addition to its
initial training program. Discussions at these seminars will likely feature topics such as sales techniques,
operational compliance and performance standards, marketing programs, self-improvement techniques and
other matters. All details concerning any programs, if offered, such as time, location, duration, cost assessment
and other matters, will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Chick-fil-A may under the terms of the Franchise
Agreement require the participation of Operators in these programs.

         In addition, Chick-fil-A may at its election, but is not obligated to, offer various programs to or permit
the adoption of programs by Operators to use in promoting or marketing products, recruiting and retaining
restaurant personnel or for other purposes that are not expressly set forth in the Franchise Agreement. All
details concerning any of these programs, such as purpose, timing, implementation, cost sharing and other
matters, will be determined by Chick-fil-A on a case-by-case basis.

        You must train any personnel that you may hire to assist in operating your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business. Subject to your obligations under the Franchise Agreement regarding confidentiality,
you may use Chick-fil-A’s proprietary operations and training manuals and materials in the training.

        Operating Manual: The Tables of Contents of Chick-fil-A’s proprietary operations and training
manuals, showing the number of pages in each section, are attached for your review as Exhibit “D” to this
Disclosure Document. The total number of pages in the operations and training manuals is 619.

                                                     Item 12

                                                 TERRITORY

        You will be granted the limited right to operate a Chick-fil-A Restaurant at a specific location
designated by Chick-fil-A. The rights granted to you under the Franchise Agreement are limited to your
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business location only and any additional business locations designated
under an Additional Business Amendment to the Franchise Agreement. If Chick-fil-A offers you the
opportunity to operate a food truck as an extension and part of an existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant location,
you will use and operate the food truck only at the locations registered and approved by Chick-fil-A under
Chick-fil-A’s then current programs, standards and procedures for food trucks. You will neither acquire nor
have any right to use, or to license the use of, any name, mark or other intellectual property right, except as
granted to you under the Franchise Agreement in connection with the operation of your franchised Chick-fil-
A Restaurant business at the specific location(s) designated by Chick-fil-A.

         You will not receive an exclusive or protected territory, express or implied. The Franchise Agreement
contains no exclusive grant, exclusive area, exclusive territorial rights, protected territory or right for you to
exclude, disapprove, control or impose conditions on the location, development or operation of current or
future Chick-fil-A Restaurants. The sales and customer trading patterns that a Chick-fil-A Restaurant
experiences at any particular time are subject to change by reason of many factors, including our ongoing
development of Chick-fil-A Restaurants, and franchised Operators do not have a right and should not expect
that these patterns will never change. Chick-fil-A has the right to establish other Operator-run, Licensee-run
or company-owned or operated restaurants both within and outside the geographic and customer trading
pattern areas surrounding your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business location, and reserves the right to
use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing
both within and outside the geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your franchised Chick-
fil-A Restaurant business location. Any internal policies that we may develop, apply and modify periodically
in connection with decisions to develop new Chick-fil-A Restaurants do not grant you any contract rights, are
not part of your contract, and do not modify or affect Chick-fil-A’s or your contract rights and obligations
under the Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A’s internal programs and policies are subject to change or
cancellation at any time by Chick-fil-A.

                                                        53
