     detrimental effect on sales and profits. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer these additional
     marketing or other incentive funds and programs or any other assistance of this type to you under
     any circumstances. Such additional marketing or other incentive funds and programs do not grant
     you any contract rights, are not part of your contract, and do not modify or affect Chick-fil-A’s or
     your contract rights and obligations under the Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A’s internal
     programs and policies are subject to change or cancellation at any time by Chick-fil-A.

3.   Between the first and fifteenth day of each month, Chick-fil-A prepares a fee calculation report for
     your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business for the preceding month in order to determine the
     fees and other expenses to be paid from your Gross Receipts and, as part of the fee calculation process,
     calculates the fees and expenses according to the formula described in Note 2 above. Although
     calculated and due on a monthly basis, these fees and expenses are paid from Gross Receipts as
     expenses of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business to Chick-fil-A on either a monthly or
     pro rata/month to date daily basis. The expenses you pay to the insurance administrator related to
     the insurance premiums for workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and
     employment practices liability coverages are also reflected on the fee calculation report. The Gross
     Receipts, fees and expenses of a food truck are accounted for and included in the fee calculation report
     of its associated Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. A separate fee calculation report is prepared for
     each Additional Business, including any captive venue or delivery kitchen unit.

4.   These fees are paid from Gross Receipts as expenses of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business as described in Note 2 and Note 3 above, except as described in Note 3. These amounts are
     exclusive of any applicable sales, use and property taxes.

5.   Under the Franchise Agreement, you appoint Chick-fil-A as your agent to establish and administer
     a program for collecting and accounting for the receipts of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business, and facilitating your payment of the rent, any equipment rental and any other payments
     or charges due pursuant to the Lease for the restaurant premises, as applicable certain of the
     insurance premiums elected by you or designated by Chick-fil-A, advertising contributions, any
     fees or charges pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, and other amounts owed to Chick-fil-A and/or
     suppliers by you. With regard to the workers’ compensation, general liability insurance, auto
     liability, and employment practices liability insurance program, you will get billed by and will pay
     the insurance program administrator. At the same time, you remain responsible for assisting Chick-
     fil-A in its administration of the program for collecting and accounting for the receipts of your
     franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. For example, you must establish a cash handling
     system (including a bank account with allowance for banking-related fees to be paid and funds to
     be transferred therefrom by Chick-fil-A pursuant to the Franchise Agreement). You must deposit
     your Daily Deposit into your cash handling system each day prior to exiting the Restaurant and/or
     follow other procedures as designated from time to time by Chick-fil-A. If approved cash handling
     system services are not provided in your geographic area or you otherwise are approved for an
     exemption from our then current cash handling system service requirements, you will be required
     to deposit the funds directly into a local bank account or a prescribed Chick-fil-A group bank
     account, or otherwise follow other procedures as designated from time to time by Chick-fil-A. You
     must transmit a report to Chick-fil-A at the end of each business day regarding the amount of the
     Daily Deposit for your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, and Chick-fil-A will transfer
     that amount from your cash handling system bank account into Chick-fil-A’s general account. If
     you operate a captive venue or delivery kitchen unit and the premises owner, licensor or manager
     collects customer payments, certain of the above cash handling procedures (and fees) will not apply
     to you or may be reduced. Under the Franchise Agreement, you are responsible for paying your
     expenses and Chick-fil-A is authorized as your agent under the program to perform certain
     accounting functions and to facilitate other payments and disbursements of funds pursuant to the
     Franchise Agreement.


                                                   29
