         or material concerning the Food Truck and the Food Truck Program, including any advertising
         materials and social networking accounts, that the Operator, the Operator-Owner or any of the
         Operator’s employees create in the operation or servicing of the Food Truck or conduct of the Food
         Truck Program as contemplated by this Agreement, will be Ideas, and Chick-fil-A or CFA
         Properties will own all rights in any and all Ideas. The Operator may not lend, sublicense,
         subcontract, sublease, encumber or in any way transfer or assign the Food Truck or any of the Food
         Truck’s equipment, furnishings, or fixtures or any rights under this Agreement. Operator will retain
         all rights attendant to or associated with the lease of the Food Truck, including, without limitation,
         the right, if any, to depreciate the Food Truck for tax, accounting and all other purposes.

    11. No Warranties. The Food Truck provided to the Operator by the Food Truck Lessor pursuant to
        the Food Truck Lease is furnished “AS IS” and “WHERE IS” vis-à-vis Chick-fil-A and without
        any warranty of any kind by or from Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A expressly disclaims any
        representations or warranties, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Food
        Truck and this Agreement, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability
        and fitness for a particular purpose.

    12. Storage; Maintenance; Repair. The Operator, (a) may use the Food Truck only in compliance with
        the Food Truck Lease and only in connection with the Operator’s operation of the Food Truck at
        the Sales Locations, (b) will store and maintain the Food Truck at the Operator’s Business when
        not in use at a Sales Location (c) will service and repair the Food Truck in order to maintain its
        appearance and good working condition according to best industry practices, manufacturer’s
        specifications, and using reputable and established service and repair vendors, and (d) will not make
        any changes, alterations or additions to the Food Truck without prior written consent of, as
        applicable, the Food Truck Lessor and Chick-fil-A, and all in accordance with Chick-fil-A’s then
        current Minimum Standards, Guidelines and other policies and procedures as may be amended by
        Chick-fil-A from time to time. In servicing and repairing the Food Truck and its equipment,
        furnishings and fixtures, the Operator will solely use suppliers and vendors that demonstrate the
        ability to meet Chick-fil-A’s then Minimum Standards and Guidelines and that possess adequate
        quality controls, experience and capacity to service and repair the item and otherwise supply the
        Operator’s needs promptly, accurately and reliably. Chick-fil-A will not be liable for any loss or
        damage to the Operator due to any inability to use or any interruption in the use of the Food Truck
        or any of its equipment, furnishings or fixtures. The Operator agrees to provide Chick-fil-A with
        monthly (or with such greater frequency that Chick-fil-A may from time-to-time require) reports
        detailing (i) the mileage of the Food Truck for such time period, (ii) any damage incurred with
        respect to the Food Truck, and (iii) any maintenance or repairs performed with respect to the Food
        Truck. The Operator’s obligation to provide such reports does not satisfy the Operator’s obligations
        under the Food Truck Lease, and it is the Operator’s obligation to ensure that all required
        maintenance is performed on the Food Trucks per the terms of the Food Truck Lease and this
        Agreement, including the requirements that (x) all such maintenance and repairs must be performed
        by a factory authorized maintenance individual with the authority to sign the maintenance, service
        and/or repair log and (y) records of all work performed on the Food Truck must be dated and signed
        by the appropriate authority.

    13. Indemnification; Damage to Property; Personal Injury.

         a. The Operator will be solely and exclusively responsible for any damage to or loss caused by a
            breach of this Agreement or the Food Truck Lease, the negligent or intentional action or
            misfeasance of the Operator or the Operator’s employees, agents, contractors, invitees or
            customers as if provided for and included under Section 5 DAMAGE TO SITE, EQUIPMENT
            OR LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY of the Franchise Agreement,
            which will apply in full to this Agreement. Furthermore, the Operator will be solely and
            exclusively responsible for any and all liability of the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A, for (i)
Food Truck License Agreement                          10
(Sole Proprietorship)
