               liability claim (that is, any injury to any person or damage to any property in any way involving
               the Food Truck). The Operator will cooperate fully with Chick-fil-A in the reporting,
               investigation, adjustment, and settlement of any insurance coverage claims arising from the
               Food Truck.

          m. Reporting of Other Information. The parties acknowledge and agree that one of the metrics to
             be recorded is the performance of the Food Truck based on where, how and when it was/is
             deployed for use at the Sales Locations. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that due to the
             developing stage of the Food Truck Program, Chick-fil-A may require the reporting of
             additional or different information regarding the Operator’s use and operation of the Food
             Truck and more detailed or different information regarding the sales and cost performance of
             the Food Truck than is usual or otherwise customary at present with regard to a Chick-fil-A
             Restaurant. The Operator will provide such reports and other information regarding Gross
             Receipts and the costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with the operation and use
             of the Food Truck and the Sales Locations, and such other information Chick-fil-A may request
             from time to time.

          n. Approvals, Licenses, Permits; Compliance with Law. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties
             in writing, the Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will seek as soon as practicable
             and will obtain and maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement all necessary
             regulatory approvals, licenses, and permits for and applicable to the operation of the Food
             Truck for the Licensed Use at the Sales Locations. The Operator will comply with and obey
             all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

          o. Cooperation. The Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will cooperate with Chick-
             fil-A as necessary for the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A to fulfill their respective duties and
             obligations under this Agreement and the Food Truck Lease.

     8. Additional Terms. Chick-fil-A will have the following rights, obligations, and responsibilities with
        regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck during the term of this Agreement:

          c. Delivery of Food Truck. Subject to Sections 6 and 14, Chick-fil-A will deliver the Food Truck
             to the Operator for the Licensed Use pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
             Chick-fil-A will not be liable for any loss or damage to the Operator due to a delay or failure
             to deliver the Food Truck in any event whatsoever, regardless of whether such delay or failure
             is within Chick-fil-A’s control. Without limiting the above, Chick-fil-A will have no liability
             for any delay or failure to deliver resulting from fire, act of God, destruction or damage to the
             Food Truck, weather conditions, strike, labor dispute, delay in transportation, governmental
             requirements or any other cause beyond Chick-fil-A’s control.

          d. Use of Reported Information. Chick-fil-A will have the right and the Operator authorizes
             Chick-fil-A to account for the Gross Receipts, fees, costs, expenses and taxes incurred and to
             make calculations and allocations to the Operator’s Business as may be authorized or otherwise
             required under the Franchise Agreement and in order to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.

     9. Compliance with Franchise Agreement. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the
        Operator will comply with all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement with regard to the Food
        Truck and the Licensed Use even if not specifically described or referred to in this Agreement,
        including, but not limited to, Section 5 DAMAGE TO SITE, EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD
        IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY, Section 12 STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS,
        SANITATION AND BUSINESS CONDUCT, Section 18 TRADE SECRETS AND
        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, Section 19 USE OF THE MARKS, Section 24
        TERMINATION, Section 25 FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP, Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION,

Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               8
(Business Entity)
