“Assignment of contract by franchisor,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language
at the end in the summary:

        However, no assignment shall be made except to an assignee who, in the good faith
        judgment of Chick-fil-A, is willing and able to assume Chick-fil-A’s obligations under the
        Franchise Agreement and the Lease.

         8.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item c under the heading entitled
“Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer,” and item m under the heading entitled “Conditions for
franchisor approval of transfer” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end
in the summary:

        However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of
        action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law
        of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it
        being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law
        Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.

        9.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item q under the heading entitled “Non-
competition covenants during the term of the franchise” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following paragraph at the end in the summary:”

                You acknowledge that any violation of the terms of the covenants not to compete
        would result in irreparable injury to Chick-fil-A for which no adequate remedy of law may
        be available, and you accordingly agree that Chick-fil-A may seek an injunction
        prohibiting any conduct by you in violation of the terms of the covenant not to compete.

        10.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                   schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                   (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                   you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                   Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                   may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                   including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                   All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                   California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                   to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        11.   The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
