2.      Pursuant to Section 2.6 of the Franchise Agreement, the date on which the Agreed Term begins for
        the Additional Business shall be the date first above written as the Effective Date of this
        Amendment.

3.      Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Franchise Agreement, the Operator shall pay an additional franchise
        fee with respect to the Additional Business of Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) upon
        the execution of this Amendment, which when paid to Chick-fil-A shall be deemed fully earned
        and non-refundable.

4.      Chick-fil-A currently estimates that the Additional Business will be opened (or the Operator’s
        Commencement Date for the Additional Business pursuant to this Amendment will be)
        approximately __________, 20__, based on Chick-fil-A’s current projections of openings and the
        availability of existing restaurant businesses; provided, however, Chick-fil-A does not represent or
        warrant in any way that the Additional Business actually will be open or available for the Operator
        to commence the Additional Business on or after this date.

5.      The Operator hereby agrees that the Additional Business described above shall be governed by the
        terms of the Franchise Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. Pursuant to Section 2.6 of the
        Agreement, the DK Lease and any License Agreement, Prime Lease, Ground Lease or other
        obligations of the Operator with respect to the Additional Business shall be attached to the Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement for the Additional Business which is attached as Exhibit “A” to this
        Amendment.

6.      This Amendment, including the Delivery Kitchen Agreement and its DK Lease attached as Exhibit
        “A” and any other exhibits and schedules to the Delivery Kitchen Agreement, shall be attached to,
        incorporated in, and become and constitute a part of the Franchise Agreement. Capitalized terms
        used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the
        Franchise Agreement.

7.      The Operator acknowledges and agrees to all of his/her obligations under the Franchise Agreement
        as if entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again this day (with this Amendment, including
        the Delivery Kitchen Agreement and its attached DK Lease attached as Exhibit “A” and any other
        exhibits and schedules to the Delivery Kitchen Agreement) and reaffirms the continuing existence
        and validity of the Franchise Agreement. Subject to its terms and conditions, the Franchise
        Agreement is in full force and effect as of the date of this Amendment and shall remain in full force
        and effect.




                                        [Signatures Page Follows.]
                                                     2

Addendum “4-A” to Franchise Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
