    1. Definitions; Recitals. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement,
       including in the Food Truck License Summary Form attached as Exhibit A, as it may be amended
       from time to time (the “Food Truck License Summary”), will have the meanings given to them in
       the Franchise Agreement and the Assignment. The parties incorporate into this Agreement the
       recitals set forth above as if set forth here in full.

    2. License; Term.

         a. License. Chick-fil-A grants to the Operator, subject to the terms and conditions of this
            Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the limited license to use and operate the Food Truck
            using the Trade Name, the Marks and the System, as may be modified by Chick-fil-A from
            time to time (including generally or for the Food Truck Program specifically), and the limited
            license and grant to conduct the Licensed Use (as defined below) as an extension and part of
            the Business (collectively the “License”), and the Operator accepts the grant of the License.

         b. No Exclusive Territorial Rights. The License is expressly limited to the terms and conditions
            set forth in this Agreement and is further subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
            Franchise Agreement. The License is non-exclusive, and no so-called “exclusive,” “protected”
            or other territorial rights in the Sales Locations (as defined below) or any market areas
            surrounding or otherwise contiguous with any Sales Location are granted, implied or to be
            inferred. All rights and licenses not expressly granted to the Operator under this Agreement
            are reserved exclusively by and unto Chick-fil-A.

         c. Term. Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Section
            4.e or Section 14 or as stated on the Food Truck License Summary, or pursuant to the Franchise
            Agreement, or upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Food Truck Lease, the initial
            term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) will commence as of the Effective Date of this
            Agreement and will end on the Thirty-First day of December of the year in which the Effective
            Date occurs. The Initial Term, together with any and all extensions of the Initial Term and
            subject to the rights for earlier termination or expiration pursuant to this Agreement or the
            Franchise Agreement or the Food Truck Lease, is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as
            the “Term.” Unless this Agreement or the Franchise Agreement or the Food Truck Lease (as
            defined below) is terminated or expires earlier, the Term of this Agreement will be
            automatically extended for successive additional periods of one (1) year, unless written notice
            of intent not to renew either the Franchise Agreement or this Agreement is given by either party
            to the other at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Term; provided, however, that this
            Agreement may not be renewed if the Operator does not have the right to renew the Franchise
            Agreement or does not have the right to renew the Franchise Agreement with respect to the
            Business or the Franchise Agreement is terminated or otherwise not renewed, as provided in
            Section 2.3 of the Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A will have the right to change the terms
            and conditions of this Agreement upon a renewal of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to
            Section 2.4 of the Franchise Agreement (and renewal of this Agreement) by giving the Operator
            a written notice of the changed terms and conditions at least forty-five (45) days prior to the
            end of the then-current Term, in which case the Operator will have fifteen (15) days from the
            date of the notice to decide and to notify Chick-fil-A in writing of the Operator’s decision to
            either renew or not renew this Agreement upon the changed terms and conditions offered. The
            Operator’s failure to provide timely notice to Chick-fil-A of a decision to either renew or not
            renew this Agreement upon the changed terms and conditions offered will be deemed to be an
            election by the Operator to terminate this Agreement at the end of such Term.

    3. Licensed Use. The Food Truck will be used for the sole purpose of operating the Food Truck as
       an extension and part of the Business to produce, hold, sell and distribute certain Products to
       customers from the Food Truck at the Sales Locations (as defined in Section 5) for the Term

Food Truck License Agreement                          2
(Business Entity)
