                 does not renew the Franchise Agreement, Chick-fil-A will compensate the
                 Operator either by repurchase or by other means for the diminution in
                 value of the franchised business caused by the expiration of the Franchise
                 Agreement, if Chick-fil-A is required to do so by Illinois law, 815 ILCS
                 705/20.

                 No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
                 franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
                 relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
                 applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
                 disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
                 seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
                 supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
                 the franchise.


         4.     The Item 17 provision, item v., entitled “Choice of forum” shall be amended for the table
for the Franchise Agreement and the table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement so that it reflects that litigation must occur in the state of Illinois.


         5.      The Item 17 provision, item w., entitled “Choice of law” shall be supplemented for the
table for the Franchise Agreement and the table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement
or Delivery Kitchen Agreement by the following language:

                 This provision may not be enforceable under Illinois law. Illinois law will
                 apply to all claims arising under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of
                 1987.


         6.      Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional and other requirements of the Illinois
Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987 are met independently without reference to this Addendum to the
Franchise Disclosure Document. This Addendum shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or
other requirements are not met.




                                     CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                               FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
