        procedures, programs, and other standards and specifications. Nothing contained in this Section
        21.5 shall in any way be deemed to impair Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive business judgment in
        considering, approving or disapproving any request to transfer or assign the interest. If the Operator
        or, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, does not accept the offer within 90 days of the date of the
        offer and thereafter close within 30 days after acceptance, or modifies the offer or terms of sale in
        any way, the offer or purchase and sale document, as modified if applicable, must be resubmitted
        to Chick-fil-A and Chick-fil-A will again have 60 days to exercise the right of first refusal. Chick-
        fil-A’s failure to exercise its right of first refusal shall not be deemed a waiver of future rights of
        first refusal. Any transfer or assignment or attempted transfer or assignment of the interest other
        than a transfer or assignment to any approved transferee business entity pursuant to the terms,
        conditions, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of this Section 21 and Section
        26, without first giving Chick-fil-A the right of first refusal described in this Section 21.5 shall be
        void and of no force or effect.

        7.     Section 14.5 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9
of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading “Compliance
with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following
language:

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Operator or, as applicable, the
        Operator-Owner, is determined to have or has a right under applicable law, to transfer or assign
        any legal, beneficial or equity interest in this agreement or the Operator’s estate or interest in this
        agreement or in the Site or in the Operator (if Operator is an entity), Chick-fil-A shall have a right
        of first refusal to be the purchaser under the same terms and conditions contained in the offer or
        purchase and sale document pursuant to Section 21.5 of the Franchise Agreement.

        8.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

         9.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

        28.6     This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s), Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this Agreement as an
        exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all documents, schedules, exhibits,
        and information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference, collectively constitute
        the complete and integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the
        subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements
        of applicable state law, no other representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement;
        the Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure
        Document that Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments
        or supplements, in connection with the Operator's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”). Chick-
        fil-A cautions the Operator not to rely on any representations, promises or agreements, oral or
        otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD because, among other
        things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-fil-A was or is authorized to make
        any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this Agreement or the FDD. No



                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
