                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                   REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND


        In recognition of the requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, R.I. Gen. Law
ch. 395 Sections 19-28.1-1 – 19-28.1-34, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees
for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Rhode Island shall be amended to include the following:

        1.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*       FA 28.6      Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                 schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                 (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                 you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                 Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                 may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                 including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                 All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                 California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                 to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        2.    The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*      Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                  Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                  Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                    Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                 promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                  DK Agr.DK
                                                 Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                    Lease
                                                 our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                      12         its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                 provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                 law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                 all of the provisions listed above.

        3.      The sentence in the Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for
the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item v under the
subheading entitled “Choice of forum,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

       § 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in
       a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or
       requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim
       otherwise enforceable under this Act.”


                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
             RHODE ISLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
