                216(c)(25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to
                bring suit in the State of Maryland.

        4.     The sentences in the Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for
the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item w, under the
subheading entitled “Choice of law” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
Choice of law

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense
                Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires the application of
                Georgia law, the requirement shall not be interpreted to limit any rights
                Operator may have to bring a lawsuit for claims arising under the
                Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

        5.      Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

                No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
                connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
                (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
                inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
                seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any
                other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.



          6.      Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent that the jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law, with respect to each such provision, are met independent of and without
reference to this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document. This Addendum shall have no force or
effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
