Franchise Agreement               Section in
                                 franchise or                              Summary
          Provision                 other
                                  agreement
h. “Cause” defined –              FA 24.1       We can terminate if you subject Chick-fil-A, the Chick-fil-A
   non-curable defaults                         Restaurants or the trademarks to public scandal; you or the
                                                Operator-Owner breach or threaten to breach any material
                                                duty or obligation under the Franchise Agreement, including
                                                the attached Lease(s), the Chick-fil-A operations and training
                                                manuals, any prime lease or ground lease, including the failure
                                                to pay any required payment; the Chick-fil-A Restaurant
                                                business is discontinued; you or Operator-Owner commit
                                                fraud, file for bankruptcy, make an assignment for the benefit
                                                of creditors, are adjudicated insolvent or a receiver is
                                                appointed for you or Operator-Owner or your or Operator-
                                                Owner’s respective property; you fail to comply with our
                                                policies, procedures, programs, operating standards and other
                                                standards and specifications; you or Operator-Owner fail to
                                                participate in or successfully complete the initial training
                                                program; you or Operator-Owner fail to comply with in-term
                                                covenant against competition; you or Operator-Owner open
                                                any franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants on a Sunday or on
                                                Christmas Day; if you or Operator-Owner purport to assign
                                                the Franchise Agreement without our approval; the operation
                                                of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant or the license granted to you is
                                                frustrated or materially impaired by any law or civil or military
                                                authority or acts of God, war or civil disorders, the existence
                                                or declaration of a pandemic or epidemic, or by labor union
                                                activity; or an event occurs which under applicable law is
                                                grounds for termination.
i. Franchisee’s obligations on   FA 24.5,       The Lease automatically expires, and you must immediately
   termination/non-renewal       24.6, 24.8     vacate your Chick-fil-A Restaurant premises, return all
                                                equipment to Chick-fil-A, pay Chick-fil-A all sums due, cease
                                                to use all trademarks, patents, copyrights and any other
                                                intellectual property licensed to you, return all manuals and
                                                other information to Chick-fil-A and terminate all banking
                                                arrangements, credit card processing and third-party delivery
                                                arrangements. You must also obey the terms of any covenant
                                                not to compete with Chick-fil-A and other obligations that
                                                survive termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement.
j. Assignment of contract by      FA 21.4       No restriction on Chick-fil-A’s right to assign.
   franchisor
k. “Transfer” by franchisee –     FA 21.2       Includes any transfer or assignment of your Franchise
   defined                                      Agreement or in a business entity to which you have assigned
                                                the Franchise Agreement for convenience of ownership and
                                                any attempt to sublet or encumber the premises upon which
                                                your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located.
l. Franchisor approval of        FA 21.1,       No transfer allowed except to a single approved form of
   transfer by franchisee        21.2, 21.3     business entity for convenience of ownership. Chick-fil-A has
                                                the right to approve all transfers.
                                                 67
