          Products only at the locations registered and approved pursuant to Chick-fil-A’s Additional
          Distribution Point program (individually, a “Sales Location” and collectively, the “Sales
          Locations”) and during the hours of operation specified in the applicable Registration Form for
          each Sales Location.

     6. Delivery and Availability of Food Truck. On or around the commencement date specified in the
        Food Truck License Summary (the “Commencement Date”), Chick-fil-A will deliver the Food
        Truck to the Operator for the Licensed Use pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
        and the Franchise Agreement. If (a) the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires, (b) the
        Operator is in default under the Franchise Agreement, or (c) other aspects of the Business change
        affecting the Operator’s ability to perform the Operator’s obligations under this Agreement,
        including the sublease of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, as
        determined by Chick-fil-A in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment, then Chick-
        fil-A will have the right to terminate this Agreement and the Operator will bear any and all risk
        arising from or related to the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the
        contrary in this Agreement, the Operator further acknowledges and agrees that Chick-fil-A has the
        right, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive business judgment, to terminate or suspend this
        Agreement or temporarily suspend or interrupt the Food Truck Program at any time for any reason
        or for no reason, including without limitation, to use the Food Truck at another location and/or for
        a different purpose (an “Alternate Use”). For example, but without limiting the preceding sentence,
        Chick-fil-A may elect to use or have its designee use the Food Truck for food or other product
        distribution in the event of a natural disaster, weather event, pandemic, epidemic or other like
        disaster or event. In the event that Chick-fil-A elects to use or have its designee use the Food Truck
        for an Alternate Use, the Operator’s obligations under this Agreement, including under the sublease
        of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, will be suspended, and the
        Operator’s sole and exclusive remedy will be the return of the Food Truck following the Alternate
        Use for the remainder of the Term, without any right to an extension. Chick-fil-A will have no other
        liability if the Food Truck is not furnished or otherwise made available to the Operator.

     7. Operator’s Obligations. The Operator will have the following obligations and responsibilities with
        regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck:

          a. Menu of Products.

                i. The menu of Products that may be offered, sold and distributed from the Food Truck in
                   connection with this Agreement will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise
                   referenced in the Food Truck License Summary.

               ii. The menu of Products that may be produced on, and offered, sold and distributed from, the
                   Food Truck, will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise referenced in the Food
                   Truck License Summary.

              iii. The menu of Products to be produced and/or sold and distributed at individual Sales
                   Locations will be as set forth on the applicable Registration Form for each Sales Location.

                    Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, only Products that are approved for sale
                    in the Chick-fil-A system may be sold from the Food Truck. Products produced and/or held
                    in the Food Truck may only be sold or distributed from the Food Truck at the Sales
                    Locations and may not be sold, delivered, or given away to the Operator’s Business, any
                    other Business(es) to which the Operator has the right to operate pursuant to the Franchise
                    Agreement (if any) to customers or consumers located elsewhere or to other Chick-fil-A®
                    franchisees.


Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               4
(Business Entity)
