         regulations and the lease attached as Exhibit “B” to this Agreement and any other exhibits to the
         attached lease (the “Food Truck Lease”). The Operator agrees to use and operate the Food Truck
         in accordance with the Food Truck Lease and otherwise abide in all respects by the terms and
         conditions of the Food Truck Lease, as the same may be amended or changed by Holman Fleet
         Leasing, LLC, trading as Holman Small Business Solutions ("Holman") a Delaware limited
         liability company, and its affiliate, Marketplace LT ("Marketplace LT"), a Delaware business
         trust, each with a place of business at 4001 Leadenhall Road, Mount Laurel, NJ 08054 (collectively,
         “Food Truck Lessor”), from time to time:

         a. Compliance with Agreements. Neither the Operator nor its employees, agents, contractors or
            invitees will perform any act, neglect to perform any duty or fail to adhere to any standard of
            conduct that would constitute a violation of the Food Truck Lease, this Agreement or the
            Franchise Agreement;

         b. No Other Leases; No Amendments. Other than the Food Truck Lease, Operator will not enter
            into any other lease agreements or other agreements allowing parties other than Operator or
            Chick-fil-A rights concerning possession, use, operation, or control of the Food Truck or any
            other food trucks without the prior written approval of Chick-fil-A and will not modify amend
            or extend the Food Truck Lease, including, without limitation, the time for payment or
            performance in any material respect of its obligations under the Food Truck Lease or any other
            agreement relating to Operator’s use of the Food Truck without the express prior written
            consent of Chick-fil-A;

         c. Subordination. The rights of the Operator in and to the Food Truck will be subject and
            subordinate to the rights of the Food Truck Lessor under the Food Truck Lease as provided in
            the Food Truck Lease, and the Operator will not assert or claim any right, title or interest as the
            owner or holder of legal or equitable title to the Food Truck, including any of its equipment,
            furnishing and fixtures (except proprietary equipment and equipment installed to customize the
            Food Truck for operation as an extension of a franchised Chick-fil-A restaurant business,
            subject to any step-in and other rights of Chick-fil-A under this Agreement and the Food Truck
            Lease);

         d. Payments. Subject to the terms of Section 7(c) of this Agreement, Operator will pay the lease
            rental payment and all other charges and payments described in the Food Truck Lease directly
            to the Food Truck Lessor per the terms of the Food Truck Lease;

         e. Termination. The Food Truck Lease and all of the Operator's rights in and to the use and
            possession of the Food Truck will terminate, at the election and option of the Food Truck
            Lessor, upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Food Truck Lease by reason of the
            occurrence of an Event of Default under the Food Truck Lease or otherwise, and the Operator
            will thereupon return the Food Truck to the Food Truck Lessor in accordance with all of the
            terms and provisions of the Food Truck Lease and of this Agreement. Operator shall be
            responsible to remove or, as Chick-fil-A may designate, have removed any CFA Proprietary
            Equipment prior to surrender of the Food Truck Lease to the Food Truck Lessor. Operator
            shall notify Chick-fil-A when a Food Truck Lease is terminated or expires and Chick-fil-A
            shall have the opportunity to inspect (including any subsequent re-inspections that Chick-fil-A
            deems necessary) the Food Truck to ensure that all CFA Proprietary Equipment has been
            removed prior to the Food Truck Lessor selling, leasing, transferring, disposing of or otherwise
            conveying any interest in any returned Food Truck;

         f.   Cost of Performance. If the Operator fails to perform any of its obligations under this
              Agreement or the attached Food Truck Lease, Chick-fil-A, at its option, may (but is not
              required to) do the same or cause the same to be done, in addition to any and all other rights

Food Truck License Agreement                           3
(Sole Proprietorship)
