       You must also comply with our sales reporting procedures and other administrative standards.
These currently require you to submit financial reports and other items to us.

        There is no practice in effect by which Chick-fil-A provides material benefits to you, such as a right
of renewal or the granting of additional franchises, based upon your use of designated or approved suppliers,
although your franchise is subject to termination if you do not use the designated suppliers with whom
Chick-fil-A has exclusive contractual arrangements or you use suppliers not approved by Chick-fil-A.

        The requirements described in this Item represent the Chick-fil-A system at the present time.
However, Chick-fil-A retains the right to change these requirements, including any single source
requirements, as the Chick-fil-A system evolves over time and the needs of the Chick-fil-A system change.

        Cooperatives and Interests in Suppliers.

         There are currently no buying or distribution cooperatives except for The Chicken Coop Insurance
Company (“The Coop”). The Coop is a captive reinsurance company owned and controlled by franchised
domestic U.S. Operators, who are also its reinsureds. The Coop and its subsidiary, a risk purchasing group,
were formed to enable Operators to purchase workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and
employment practices liability insurance collectively as a group rather than each Operator sourcing its own
workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and employment practices liability insurance
coverages individually through its own insurance agents. The main benefits sought to be achieved from
the pooling of Operator risks within a designated retention are to help contain franchised Operators’ overall
premium costs, attempt to minimize dramatic premium shifts Operators may experience if adverse claims
occur, and to be able to distribute to Operators any built up surplus generated by underwriting profits,
subject to certain conditions described below.

         Chick-fil-A, Inc. has no ownership interest in The Coop nor is it insured or reinsured by The Coop.
Only domestic U.S. Operators are shareholders of The Coop and are reinsured through The Coop. Although
franchised domestic U.S. Operators are shareholders of the Coop and benefit from the reinsurance provided
by the Coop, the Coop does not offer Operators insurance and Operators do not buy insurance from or
through the Coop. Rather, Operators are directly insured by a licensed insurance company (not affiliated
with Chick-fil-A, Inc.) that through a designated retention, reinsures a portion of the covered risks to The
Coop. Additional lines of coverage may be added in the future and may be included in the mandatory
insurance program. The Coop is central to the workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and
employment practices liability insurance program in which all Operators must participate through the
licensed independent insurance company that reinsures to the Coop (except that Operators in several states
must obtain workers’ compensation insurance through a program required in their state). Obtaining and
then maintaining these coverages is required under the Franchise Agreement. These coverages are also
required under state law. If an Operator does not sign an agreement with the Coop in connection with its
share ownership of the Coop, the Operator will not be a shareholder of the Coop and will not be able to buy
the affected insurance through the Operator Insurance Program as required under the Franchise Agreement.
The states that currently require Operators to buy their workers’ compensation insurance via a State
program include North Dakota, Ohio, Washington and Wyoming.

        The Coop is governed by a Board of Directors elected by Operators. A majority of the members
of the Board of Directors will be Operators (five in total) and consist of a number of members who will
serve for a three-year term with additional members nominated by a third party not affiliated with Chick-
fil-A.

         Each Operator is a shareholder of The Coop and must sign a Shareholder Agreement in connection
with its share ownership of The Coop. If an Operator’s relationship with Chick-fil-A ceases, the Operator’s
share in The Coop will be redeemed by The Coop subject to certain terms and conditions.



                                                     42
