                                  AMENDMENT TO THE
                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA

In recognition of the requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment Law, Title 37, Chapter 37-
5B, Sections 37-5B-53, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise
Agreement”) and its attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of __________________, or its attached
Concession Sublicense Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached
Additional Business Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business
Amendment, individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

        1.     Section 19.2 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Competition,” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends beyond
        the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. This provision may not be
        enforceable under South Dakota law.

      2.       Chick-fil-A reserves the right to attempt to enforce Section 19.2 of the Franchise
Agreement listed above even though it may not be enforceable under South Dakota law.

        3.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

        The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the Operator, and,
        as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and extent of the
        restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies
        conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without limitation those rights and
        remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22 above, and hereby agree that (i)
        the same are reasonably required and designed solely to protect proprietary and other important
        rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator,
        and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon
        the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on
        Chick-fil-A under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
        inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator represents and
        warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is genuine and freely and
        knowingly given.

        4.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

         5.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                SOUTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
