                                                   Item 10

                                               FINANCING

         Chick-fil-A leases and subleases traditional restaurant premises to its Operators. The business terms
for these leases and subleases vary depending on the location of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant. If you lease the
restaurant premises from us, the term of any Lease for the restaurant premises is the same as the term of your
Franchise Agreement. If you sublease the premises from us, you will be required to comply with the terms
of the prime lease or ground lease between Chick-fil-A and the landlord. The term of any sublease for the
restaurant premises is the same as the term of your Franchise Agreement or the earlier expiration or
termination of the lease between Chick-fil-A and the landlord, whichever is shorter. -You will be required to
make all rental payments to Chick-fil-A. The Lease attached as an exhibit to and a part of your Franchise
Agreement governs your occupancy of the restaurant premises. See Items 5 and 6 for more information.

         Chick-fil-A enters into Concession Agreements that govern the occupancy of non-traditional captive
venue unit premises with the owners or managers of the captive venue unit premises. If Chick-fil-A offers
you the opportunity to operate a captive venue unit whether as your initial business or as an additional
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant, you and Chick-fil-A will enter into the Concession Sublicense
Agreement in the form attached as an exhibit to the Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue to
your Franchise Agreement. The Concession Sublicense Agreement attaches the Concession Agreement (and,
if applicable, any underlying prime lease or ground lease). In the case of any captive venue unit, the
Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement incorporated by reference into
your Franchise Agreement substitutes for the Lease(s) applicable to a traditional restaurant premises as to
the captive venue unit. Under the Concession Sublicense Agreement, Chick-fil-A sublicenses its rights and
privileges under the Concession Agreement to you, and you accept the sublicense and agree to faithfully perform
Chick-fil-A’s obligations under the Concession Agreement for the particular captive venue premises. You will
be a sub-licensee (technically a sub-concessionaire) of the premises. The business terms for these Concession
Agreements vary depending on the location of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant. If you sublicense the rights to
occupy the captive v`enue restaurant premises from us, the term of the Concession Sublicense Agreement for
the captive venue restaurant premises is the same as the term of your Franchise Agreement or the earlier
expiration or termination of the Concession Agreement, whichever is shorter. You will be required to comply
with the terms of the Concession Agreement. In most instances you will make any payments due to the
premises owner or manager under the Concession Agreement directly to Chick-fil-A and Chick-fil-A will
remit payment to the premises owner or manager. Chick-fil-A will remain liable to the premises owner or
manager under the Concession Agreement. -See Items 5 and 6 for more information.

         Chick-fil-A enters into DK Leases that govern the occupancy and use of non-traditional delivery
kitchen unit premises with the owners, licensors or managers of the delivery kitchen premises. Chick-fil-
A only offers the opportunity to operate a delivery kitchen unit as an additional franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant. If Chick-fil-A offers you the opportunity to operate a delivery kitchen as an additional
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant, you and Chick-fil-A will enter into the Delivery Kitchen Agreement in
the form attached as an exhibit to the Additional Business Amendment for Delivery Kitchen to your
Franchise Agreement. The Delivery Kitchen Agreement attaches the DK Lease (and, if applicable, any
underlying prime lease or ground lease). In the case of any delivery kitchen unit, the Delivery Kitchen
Agreement and its attached DK Lease incorporated by reference into your Franchise Agreement substitutes
for the Lease(s) applicable to a traditional restaurant premises as to the delivery kitchen. Under the Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, Chick-fil-A sublicenses or subleases as applicable its rights and privileges under the
DK Lease to you, and you accept the sublicense or sublease as applicable and agree to faithfully perform
Chick-fil-A’s obligations under the DK Lease for the particular delivery kitchen premises. You will be a
sub-licensee or sublessee as applicable of the premises. The business terms for these DK Leases vary
depending on the location of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant. If you sublicense or sublease the rights to occupy
the delivery kitchen premises from us, the term of the Delivery Kitchen Agreement for the delivery kitchen
restaurant premises is the same as the term of your Franchise Agreement or the earlier expiration or
termination of the DK Lease, whichever is shorter. You will be required to comply with the terms of the
                                                      46
