For a site that is leased by Chick-fil-A (or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chick-fil-A) for an in-line
location, the calculation of monthly base rent for the site can generally be explained as follows --
the base rent payable to Chick-fil-A (or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chick-fil-A) for the site is
calculated per the terms of the Franchise Agreement and its attached Lease(s) which incorporates
the prime lease. The monthly base rent could increase when and if, among other things, the rent
under the prime lease increases pursuant to the terms of the prime lease. Additionally, for a site that
is leased by Chick-fil-A (or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chick-fil-A) for an in-line location, to
the extent the calendar year-to-date gross receipts of a Chick-fil-A Restaurant business exceed a
certain percentage rent breakpoint, you will be obligated to pay Chick-fil-A percentage rent.

For a site that is leased by Chick-fil-A for a mall location, base rent and percentage rent (if any) are
payable to Chick-fil-A for the site per the terms of the Franchise Agreement and the Lease which
incorporates the prime lease. The base rent and percentage rent (if any) could increase when and if,
among other things, the rent under the prime lease increases pursuant to the terms of the prime
lease.

The percentages used in computing payments based on Gross Receipts have been determined by
Chick-fil-A in consideration of the set of rights being granted by Chick-fil-A, the drawing power
of a Chick-fil-A Restaurant, the value of the Chick-fil-A system as a whole, the ratio between our
investment and your investment, potential rates of return on investment, the ratio between what we
think might be our potential return and yours, the amount which we have at risk, and Chick-fil-A’s
interests in obtaining a profit in light of competitive conditions. All payments made by you to
Chick-fil-A are part of a single financial arrangement between you and Chick-fil-A which, taken
as a whole and without regard to any designation or description, reflect the value of the rights being
made available to you by Chick-fil-A and the services being rendered by Chick-fil-A during the
term of the Franchise Agreement including its attached Lease(s). The percentages may vary among
Operators depending upon when a franchise or site was obtained or leased as well as other
factors. In unusual circumstances which include special costs, the fees paid by you may be higher
than those outlined in this Item 6.

Chick-fil-A may in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment cap or limit the lease
payments of one or more Operators in connection with certain special circumstances or situations
that arise from time to time. As a result, for example, the monthly payments for these Operators
may not equal all of the monthly base rent and other extra or additional charges and rents set out in
the prime lease or ground lease agreements between Chick-fil-A and the landlord for these
sites. Chick-fil-A may also in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment cap or limit
the amount of property tax or other additional charges that are assessed or passed through to and
then become the individual responsibility of the Operator in connection with certain special
circumstances or situations that arise from time to time. As a result, for example, the obligation
actually passed through and charged to these Operators to pay property tax or other additional
charges may not equal all of the property tax and other additional charges that are otherwise payable
and not included in the lease payments. In other instances involving certain special circumstances
or situations that arise from time to time, the property tax and other additional charges may be
included in the lease payments and in those instances not charged or passed through separately as
extra or additional charges to the Operator. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer a cap or limit
to you under any circumstances. Any cap or limit offered by Chick-fil-A to you from time to time
does not grant you any contractual rights, is not part of your contract, and does not modify or affect
Chick-fil-A’s or your contractual rights and obligations under the Franchise Agreement or the
Lease. Chick-fil-A’s internal programs and policies, including any cap or limit on lease payments,
are subject to change or cancellation at any time in the future as determined by Chick-fil-A in its
sole and exclusive business judgment.

Pursuant to a Chick-fil-A internal rent policy effective beginning January 1, 2015 (the “Rent
Policy”), your rent for a franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant premises in a traditional location during
                                              32
