  EXHIBIT “A” TO ADDITIONAL BUSINESS AMENDMENT FOR CAPTIVE VENUE

                                  CONCESSION SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT

        THIS CONCESSION SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) for the Chick-fil-A
 Restaurant Site described in this Agreement is made by and between CHICK-FIL-A, INC., a Georgia
 corporation, as sublicensor or concessionaire having its principal business address at 5200 Buffington Road,
 Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998 (“Chick-fil-A”), and                                    ,a
                  , as sublicensee or sub-concessionaire (the “Operator”), and will be effective as of the ___
 day of __________, 20___.

                                              BACKGROUND

        A.      Chick-fil-A is currently a party to a certain concession agreement attached as Exhibit C as
it may be amended from time to time together with all its exhibits and schedules (the “Concession
Agreement”) with the third party owner or manager of the Site identified in the Concession Agreement
(“Concessionor”). Under the Concession Agreement, Concessionor granted Chick-fil-A the right to
conduct a restaurant business and/or a license to operate one or more Chick-fil-A concessions at the Site,
consisting of the concession location(s) identified in the data sheet attached as Exhibit A as it may be
amended from time to time (individually and collectively, the “Concession Location(s)”). The Site is
sometimes also referred to in this Agreement as the “Concession Location(s).”

        B.       The Operator (i) is a franchised Chick-fil-A® Restaurant business operator holding a valid
Franchise Agreement (together with its attached Lease(s) and in the case of any Captive Venue Unit(s), its
attached Concession Sublicense Agreement(s) and their attached Concession Agreement(s), any other
existing Additional Business Amendment(s), and all other exhibits and amendments, collectively the
“Franchise Agreement”) and is entering into this Agreement the same date that the Additional Business
Amendment for Captive Venue to which this Agreement is attached (the “Additional Business
Amendment”) to operate the Captive Venue Unit (as defined below) as an Additional Business; or (ii) is
entering into the Franchise Agreement to which this Agreement is attached as of the same date that this
Agreement shall be effective in order to operate the Captive Venue Unit as the Initial Business (the
Franchise Agreement, this attached Agreement and all other exhibits and amendments, collectively the
“Franchise Agreement”).

        C.        Chick-fil-A desires to sublicense its rights and privileges under the Concession Agreement to
the Operator, and the Operator desires to accept the sublicense and faithfully perform Chick-fil-A’s obligations
under the Concession Agreement as part of a set of rights granted by Chick-fil-A to the Operator under the
Franchise Agreement to operate a certain quick-service food business at the Concession Location(s) as a
Business that is a Captive Venue Unit under the trade name “Chick-fil-A” pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.
The Business that is operated pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, the Additional Business Amendment if
applicable, and this Agreement, is sometimes also referred to in this Agreement as the “Captive Venue Unit.”

         D.       This Agreement, its attached Concession Agreement and (if applicable) the Additional
Business Amendment to which they are attached are a part of and are incorporated by reference into the
Franchise Agreement. If the Captive Venue Unit is an Additional Business under the Franchise Agreement, this
Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement is the applicable Exhibit “A” to the Additional Business
Amendment that is used for Captive Venue Units in place of any Lease for the Captive Venue Unit. If the
Captive Venue Unit is the Initial Business under the Franchise Agreement, this Agreement and its attached
Concession Agreement is the applicable Exhibit “A” to the Franchise Agreement that is used for Captive Venue
Units in in place of any Lease for the Captive Venue Unit.




Concession Sublicense Agreement
