               according to Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards, including any Guidelines for food
               trucks prepared by Chick-fil-A and delivered to or otherwise made available to the Operator
               from time to time. The provisions, terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement
               concerning the sources for purchase of Products and Ingredients will apply to the sources of
               Products and Ingredients to supply the Food Truck. Any transportation of Products,
               Ingredients, promotional items, and other items by the Operator or otherwise will comply with
               and will otherwise abide by all applicable health, sanitation, food handling, food transportation
               and insurance requirements provided by law, the requirements contained in the Franchise
               Agreement, the Food Truck Lease and as otherwise required by Chick-fil-A (whichever
               provides the most stringent requirements). Without limiting the above, the Operator will not
               (and will not allow others to) transport any hazardous materials or anything other than Products,
               Ingredients, promotional items, and other items necessary for the safe, sanitary, and efficient
               operation of the Food Truck.

          c. Payment of Food Truck Usage Fee. In consideration of the License granted in this Agreement
             and to compensate Chick-fil-A for the use of the Food Truck under the sublease of the Food
             Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A when
             due the usage fee(s) as set forth in the Food Truck License Summary (the “Usage Fee”), which
             will be in lieu of the lease rental payment described in the Food Truck Lease payable by Chick-
             fil-A to BALC. Chick-fil-A shall have the right from time to time to re-determine the Food
             Truck Usage Fee in its sole and exclusive business judgment based on the then current fair
             market rental value for the Food Truck due to additions, subtractions and modifications to the
             Food Truck, additional or different charges or other changes under the Food Truck Lease,
             market factors, inflation, passage of time or otherwise, and to update the Food Truck Usage
             Fee to an amount based on the then determined, current fair market rental, which will be set
             forth in a revised Food Truck License Summary Form and substituted and attached to this
             Agreement as Exhibit A and made a part of this Agreement. At Chick-fil-A’s election, the
             program described in Section 14.12 of the Franchise Agreement shall apply to the Operator’s
             payment obligations described in this Agreement with respect to the Food Truck and any other
             payment obligations of the Operator hereunder, and any adjustment or increases thereto.

          d. Additional Fees, Costs and Expenses. All additional fees, costs and expenses associated with
             the operation and use of the Food Truck, participation in the Food Truck Program and the
             Licensed Use will be borne by the Operator, either made by the Operator directly or reimbursed
             to Chick-fil-A, as applicable, and will include, among other things, all Products, Ingredients
             and all other food and drink items, cleaning and office supplies, equipment and all other things
             purchased by the Operator for use in the operation of the Food Truck, all labor expense and
             wages for staffing and servicing the Food Truck and its operations and any other costs and/or
             expenses incurred in connection with the operation and use of the Food Truck and participation
             in the Food Truck Program, including payments due under the Food Truck Lease (other than
             the lease rental payment).

          e. Payment of Taxes. Payment of any sales, use or excise tax, any apportioned personal property
             tax or any other tax arising from the Licensed Use, the Sales Locations, the sale and distribution
             of Products and promotional items, the sublease of the Food Truck or the presence of the Food
             Truck at the Sales Locations, will be made by the Operator, directly or reimbursed to Chick-
             fil-A, as applicable. The parties acknowledge and agree that sales, use, or similar taxes may
             be due and payable even when Products and promotional items are given away and not sold.

          f.   Marketing and Advertising. All promotional items used in connection with the Food Truck,
               including the use of any social networking sites and web-based advertising, will constitute
               marketing and advertising materials pursuant to the provisions, terms and conditions of the
               Franchise Agreement and will be subject to Chick-fil-A’s review and prior approval.
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               8
(Sole Proprietorship)
