                                  AMENDMENT TO THE
                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
       In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent.
Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise
Agreement”) and its attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ___________, or its attached
Concession Sublicense Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached
Additional Business Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business
Amendment, individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

        1.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

        The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the Operator, and,
        as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and extent of the
        restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies
        conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without limitation those rights and
        remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22 above, and hereby agree that (i)
        the same are reasonably required and designed solely to protect proprietary and other important
        rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator,
        and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon
        the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on
        Chick-fil-A under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
        inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator represents and
        warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is genuine and freely and
        knowingly given.

        2.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

         3.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:

        28.6     This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s), Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this Agreement as an
        exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all documents, schedules, exhibits,
        and information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference, collectively constitute
        the complete and integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the
        subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements
        of applicable state law, no other representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement;
        the Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure
        Document that Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments
        or supplements, in connection with the Operator's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”). Chick-
        fil-A cautions the Operator not to rely on any representations, promises or agreements, oral or
        otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD because, among other
        things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-fil-A was or is authorized to make
                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                NORTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
