                  (d)       The Operator will use and occupy the Site solely for the Licensed Use. The Site,
as well as the Operator’s use and occupancy of the Site, is subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the DK Lease, and any and all agreements or instruments now or in the future of record or
otherwise affecting title to or otherwise affecting title to or right to use or possession of the Site, including
any prime lease, ground lease, license agreement or other title documents, which will be attached as
exhibit(s) to the DK Lease. During the Term, Operator will operate the DK only during the days and hours of
operation specified in the DK Summary, as they may be amended by both parties in writing, and during the minimum
hours as may be required under the DK Lease and any applicable prime lease, ground lease or other title
documents, unless otherwise limited by state or local laws and ordinances, and will otherwise observe and
abide by the Franchise Agreement, as well as Chick-fil-A’s then current Minimum Standards and
Guidelines as they may be modified from time to time concerning the days and hours of operation of the
DK. The Operator will not open or operate the Business on a Sunday or on Christmas Day. The Operator
will not use, and will not permit any person to use, any part of the Site in violation of this Agreement, the
Franchise Agreement, the DK Lease and any applicable prime lease, ground lease or other title documents
or Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards and Guidelines. The Operator will keep the Site in a
clean and wholesome condition, and will repair, maintain and conduct the Delivery Kitchen Unit on the
Site in full compliance with this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement, the DK Lease and any applicable
prime lease, ground lease or other title documents or Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards and
Guidelines, all as modified from time to time. Unless Chick-fil-A (or Licensor) is remodeling or re-building
the Site pursuant to Subsection 3(g) of this Agreement, the Operator will continuously occupy the Site
during the Agreed Term and will not vacate or abandon the Site at any time during the Agreed Term, except
during designated periods if the use of the Site is seasonal or otherwise limited to certain periods under the
DK Lease. The Operator will use only such fixtures, furnishings, signs, other leasehold improvements and
similar items and supplies (collectively, the “Leasehold Improvements”) as meet all applicable then current
Minimum Standards and Guidelines, and otherwise conform to the requirements of this Agreement
(including its attached DK Lease) and the Franchise Agreement, unless otherwise approved in writing by
Chick-fil-A in advance.

                  (e)     The Operator will use and occupy the Site in compliance with all laws, statutes,
ordinances, rules, orders and regulations of governmental authorities in effect from time to time, applicable
to or affecting the occupancy, operation and maintenance of the DK or the Site, including all applicable
federal, state, county, municipal and local health, safety and sanitation laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,
orders and regulations, wage and hours laws, zoning and building code restrictions, the Americans with
Disabilities Act, fire, environmental laws, and all directions of all public officers applicable to the any one
or more of the Site, the Business or the Operator. Environmental laws include 42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq., 42
U.S.C. §6901 et seq., 49 U.S.C. §1801 et seq., 15 U.S.C. §2601 et seq., and local, state and federal
regulations promulgated under these federal statutes.

                 (f)     The Operator hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Operator’s operation of the
DK at the Site during the Term of this Agreement could be restricted or changed as a result of an amendment
or modification to the DK Lease either entered into by Chick-fil-A in the exercise of its sole and exclusive
business judgment with Licensor or otherwise binding on Chick-fil-A (including without limitation an
amendment or modification to any one or more of any prime lease, ground lease, or other title documents)
or the manner of calculating the use/occupancy fee payable to Licensor as provided for under the DK Lease
and summarized on the DK Summary attached as Exhibit A. These amendments or modifications could
include changes to the Operator’s ability or right to offer menu items, use or place signage, engage in
promotions or marketing efforts, have or enjoy interior or exterior physical restaurant layouts, designs,
access, driveways, parking or other premises features and matters. The Operator consents and agrees to
abide by, and specifically waives and releases any claim or demand the Operator has or may have under
the Franchise Agreement, this Agreement or otherwise arising out of or relating to, any amendments or
                                                       3
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Business Entity)
