     Type of Fee                 Amount                 Due Date                         Remarks1
 Cash Handling         $85 to $450 (monthly)           As incurred     Pursuant to vendor contracts negotiated by
 System Services8                                                      us on behalf of the Chick-fil-A system, we
                                                                       bill and collect certain fees and expenses
                                                                       that are charged by a vendor for cash
                                                                       handling system services provided each
                                                                       month by the vendor at your Chick-fil-A
                                                                       Restaurant business. You may be charged
                                                                       additional fees for non-warranty safe
                                                                       repairs; the amount will vary as incurred.
                                                                       You may not pay this fee to us in certain
                                                                       circumstances, including when your
                                                                       Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located
                                                                       in a mall, office building, captive venue
                                                                       or delivery kitchen location. See Note 8
                                                                       below.
 Reimbursement         Costs and expenses of           As incurred     If you fail to perform your obligations
 of Cost of            performance                                     under the Lease, the Concession
 Performance                                                           Sublicense Agreement for a captive venue
                                                                       unit, Delivery Kitchen Agreement for any
                                                                       delivery kitchen unit, or the Food Truck
                                                                       License Agreement for a food truck,
                                                                       Chick-fil-A may perform and you will
                                                                       reimburse Chick-fil-A’s cost, together
                                                                       with interest.
 Holdover              Double the base rent and        As incurred     If you holdover or remain in occupancy of
 Liquidated            percentage rent                                 the premises for a non-captive venue
 Damages                                                               location after your Lease terminates or
                                                                       expires, the base rent and percentage rent
                                                                       will double, as liquidated damages and not
                                                                       as a penalty, but payment will not waive
                                                                       Chick-fil-A’s other rights or remedies.


Notes:

1.       These fees are imposed by Chick-fil-A and, except as expressly provided, are either (a) payable to
         Chick-fil-A, (b) payable to Chick-fil-A, as administrator, if determined by vote of Operators in
         your local or regional area, or (c) payable to the insurance company for premiums for workers’
         compensation, general liability, auto liability, and employment practices liability insurance
         coverages. All fees are non-refundable and are imposed uniformly except as expressly provided
         below.

2.       Under the Franchise Agreement, you are required to pay certain fees to Chick-fil-A out of your
         receipts calculated and due on a monthly basis according to a set formula. That formula is described
         below, but the definitions of certain terms used in the formula are provided first:

         (a)     “Gross Receipts” for a particular restaurant for each calendar month is your entire gross receipts
                 from sales (excluding sales tax) with respect to the restaurant, including any associated food
                 truck; any captive venue or delivery kitchen unit that is an additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant
                 business and is accounted for as a separate restaurant;

                                                       26
