               (ii)    provide certain business services in connection with the establishment, administration
                       and disposition of the sales receipts of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
                       in the manner described in Item 6 of this Disclosure Document (See Section 14.12 of
                       Franchise Agreement);

               (iii)   furnish a fee calculation report to you each month containing specified financial
                       information and calculations concerning the previous month’s performance of your
                       franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business and permit you to examine the financial
                       records that you provide to Chick-fil-A during normal business hours (See Sections
                       15.1 and 15.2 of Franchise Agreement); and

               (iv)    administer the use of any collected advertising fees, if any, for promotional activities,
                       promotional materials, and national, regional and/or local advertising (See Section 17
                       of Franchise Agreement). Chick-fil-A’s advertising program may include national,
                       regional or local advertising in print, radio, television, out-of-home, and/or digital
                       and social channels. Chick-fil-A’s advertising is generated by in-house advertising
                       talent and multiple agencies.

        If you are granted the right to operate additional Chick-fil-A Restaurants under your Franchise
Agreement, for each additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant Chick-fil-A will provide the same assistance as
described above, except that Chick-fil-A will not provide initial Operator training to you again.

         Advertising: Until June 30, 1989, Operators were required to pay 3¼% of Gross Receipts to the
advertising fund, but effective July 1, 1989, the amount of this payment was reduced to 0% as a matter of
policy. We do not presently require Operators to contribute to the advertising fund as a matter of internal
policy, but we reserve the right to return and may return to the 3¼% or another program at any time. We
expect you to implement local advertising; however, you must use only those materials approved or supplied
by Chick-fil-A. Operators in the same market or geographical region, as determined by Chick-fil-A,
sometimes cooperate with each other to implement local or regional advertising. However, Chick-fil-A does
not fund local or regional advertising. Operator cooperation could also include leasing marketing assets,
including branded activation units, spectacular cow creatives, and branded props from Chick-fil-A for shared
use of the related asset. If a majority of the Operators in your area vote (or have previously voted) to
implement a local or regional advertising fund or initiative, you will be required to participate and contribute
to the fund or initiative. We administer the local or regional advertising funds, which are not audited. We
will make the unaudited financial statements of your local or regional advertising fund available for your
review upon your request. You and the other Operators in your area will establish the amount of the
contribution by majority vote. As part of local, regional or national marketing efforts, Operators are
periodically required to participate in temporary or permanent promotional campaigns, honor coupons and
participate in giveaway promotions for food or drink items at their respective Chick-fil-A Restaurants, for
which the Operators may not be reimbursed. You must participate in these promotional programs and
campaigns and, at Chick-fil-A’s election, your participation may be at your own cost, including the costs to
purchase, lease and install all promotional campaign materials and devices, including counter cards, posters,
banners, signs, photographs, give-away items and gift cards. Chick-fil-A owned restaurants contribute to any
national and any local or regional advertising fund on the same basis as Operators. During fiscal year 2024
no funds were required to be contributed to a national advertising fund. Chick-fil-A is not required to spend
any certain amount on advertising in your area. If Chick-fil-A requires you to contribute to the advertising
fund or you contribute advertising fees to a local or regional fund and they are not all spent in the fiscal year
in which they are charged, the remaining amounts are either returned or rolled over (depending upon the
particular program) to the next year’s budget. You will not receive a periodic accounting of how advertising
fees are spent. Chick-fil-A’s advertising accounts, if any, are not trust funds, and Chick-fil-A is not your
fiduciary with respect to any advertising funds. Chick-fil-A is not required to ensure that any Operator benefits
directly or pro rata from the expenditure of any advertising funds. (See Section 17 of Franchise Agreement).


                                                       50
