ordinances, and will otherwise observe and abide by the Franchise Agreement, as well as Chick-fil-A’s
then current Minimum Standards and Guidelines as they may be modified from time to time concerning the
hours of operation of the Business. The Operator will not use, and will not permit any person to use, any
part of the Site in violation of this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement, the Concession Agreement and
any applicable prime lease, ground lease or other title documents or Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum
Standards and Guidelines. The Operator will keep the Site in a clean and wholesome condition, and will
repair, maintain and conduct the Captive Venue Unit on the Site in full compliance with this Agreement,
the Franchise Agreement, the Concession Agreement and any applicable prime lease, ground lease or other
title documents or Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards and Guidelines, all as modified from
time to time. Unless Chick-fil-A (or Concessionor) is remodeling or re-building the Site pursuant to
Subsection 3(e) of this Agreement, the Operator will continuously occupy the Site during the Agreed Term
and will not vacate or abandon the Site at any time during the Agreed Term, except during designated
periods if the use of the Site is seasonal or otherwise limited to certain periods under the Concession
Agreement. The Operator will continuously occupy the Site during the applicable periods during the
Agreed Term and will not vacate or abandon the Site at any time during the applicable periods during the
Agreed Term. The Operator will use only such fixtures, furnishings, signs, other leasehold improvements
and similar items and supplies (collectively, the “Leasehold Improvements”) as meet all applicable then
current Minimum Standards and Guidelines, and otherwise conform to the requirements of this Agreement
and the Franchise Agreement, unless otherwise approved in writing by Chick-fil-A in advance.

         (e)      The Operator will use and occupy the Site in compliance with all laws, statutes, ordinances,
rules, orders and regulations of governmental authorities in effect from time to time, applicable to or
affecting the occupancy, operation and maintenance of the Business or the Site, including all applicable
federal, state, county, municipal and local health, safety and sanitation laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,
orders and regulations, wage and hours laws, zoning and building code restrictions, the Americans with
Disabilities Act, fire, environmental laws, and all directions of all public officers applicable to the any one
or more of the Site, the Business or the Operator. Environmental laws include 42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq., 42
U.S.C. §6901 et seq., 49 U.S.C. §1801 et seq., 15 U.S.C. §2601 et seq., and local, state and federal
regulations promulgated under these federal statutes.

         (f)     The Operator hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Operator’s operation of the Site
during the Term of this Agreement could be restricted or changed as a result of an amendment or
modification to the Concession Agreement either entered into by Chick-fil-A in the exercise of its sole and
exclusive business judgment with Concessionor or otherwise binding on Chick-fil-A (including without
limitation an amendment or modification to any one or more of any prime lease, ground lease, or other title
documents or the manner of calculating the use/occupancy fee payable to Concessionor as provided for
under the Concession Agreement and summarized on the data sheet attached as Exhibit A. These
amendments or modifications could include changes to the Operator’s ability or right to offer menu items,
use or place signage, engage in promotions or marketing efforts, have or enjoy interior or exterior physical
restaurant layouts, designs, access, driveways, parking or other premises features and matters. The Operator
consents and agrees to abide by, and specifically waives and releases any claim or demand the Operator has
or may have under the Franchise Agreement, this Agreement or otherwise arising out of or relating to, any
amendments or modifications to the Concession Agreement (including with regard to any covenants or
restrictions and any final, new or substituted fees payable to Concessionor). Chick-fil-A will exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Operator of any amendment or modification impacting the
Site, but any delay or lack of notice will not affect the Operator’s consent, agreement, waiver or release
granted above, or the validity or enforceability of any amended or modified provision agreed to by Chick-
fil-A and Concessionor from time to time.

       (g)     The Operator will not make any agreement with Concessionor which does or could modify,
amend, cancel or terminate the Concession Agreement.


Concession Sublicense Agreement                       5
