                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                  REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA


       In recognition of the requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment Law, Title 37, Chapter
37-5B, Sections 37-5B-53, the Franchise Disclosure Document of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the State of
South Dakota shall be amended as follows:

         1.      The “Summary” section in Item 17(q), entitled “Non-competition covenants during term
of the franchise” and Item 17(r) entitled “Non-competition covenants after the franchise is terminated or
expires”, for the Franchise Agreement, are amended by the addition of the following language:

        Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of a franchise are generally
        unenforceable in South Dakota, except in certain instances as provided by law.

        2.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6      Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                  schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                  (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                  you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                  Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                  may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                  including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                  All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                  California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                  to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        3.    The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*       Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                   Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                   Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                     Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                  promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                   DK Agr.DK
                                                  Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                    Lease 12
                                                  our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                  its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                  provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                  law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                  all of the provisions listed above.




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
             SOUTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
