          Chick-fil-A may offer to provide optional advertising support and services to Operators at the local,
store, market or regional advertising level on a formal basis for a fee through our in-house advertising agency
as an alternative choice for Operators to third-party advertising agencies. Operators have traditionally engaged
third-party advertising agencies to provide these same types of additional advertising support and services. We
also have assisted Operators in the past with other advertising support and services, and to the extent we
were able, on an informal basis and without charging any additional fees, including providing certain advice
and creative resources to support local, store, market or regional advertising initiatives by Operators. For
these other types of advertising support and services, we intend to continue providing a similar level of
advertising services and support, to the extent we are able.

         Selection of Location: Each franchised Operator is granted a license to operate a specific franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant business location selected and approved by us. Additionally, Operators may be granted
a license to operate additional franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses at locations selected and approved
by us. However, Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate additional
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses and expressly reserves the right not to offer you the opportunity
to operate additional franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses. Chick-fil-A selects the site of all Chick-
fil-A Restaurants. Chick-fil-A Restaurants are located in, among other places, shopping malls and in-line
units, free-standing locations, locations that are drive through only, and non-traditional captive venue and
delivery kitchen locations. In selecting locations for free-standing units, in-line units, and mall units, Chick-
fil-A bases its decisions on the availability and terms offered for the proposed site, demographic reports, traffic
information, the identity of adjacent tenants and owners, the lease terms offered by landlords or other site
suppliers, the sales terms offered by land sellers, and other factors relevant to the possible profitable operation
of a Chick-fil-A Restaurant.

         Hardware and Software System: Chick-fil-A will obtain a point-of-sale (POS) hardware and
software system and a management PC for use in your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, which
will be leased to you as part of your equipment rental. Chick-fil-A Restaurants typically use a POS system
with accompanying software, which performs standard electronic cash register support, kitchen display
systems, time clock and financial and reporting functions. Other hardware and software systems that
perform the same or substantially similar functions may be provided by Chick-fil-A. -You must pay fees
for high-speed internet access for you and your customers, as applicable, if your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business is equipped with this service, and you must also pay a fee for technical support of the
hardware and software system used in your Restaurant. These fees may range from $9,500 per year to
$20,000 per year for high-speed internet access and equipment support and software upgrades and are
dependent upon the type of system used in your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. Chick-fil-A
will have independent access to the data compiled by the hardware and software system used in your
Restaurant. If the owner, licensor or manager of the premises of a captive venue unit or delivery kitchen
unit you operate provides a POS system with accompanying software, high-speed internet access or other
equipment, software or support services that you must use at the captive venue unit or delivery kitchen unit,
the fees you pay to Chick-fil-A may be reduced and you may pay fees to the owner or manager of the
captive venue unit or delivery kitchen premises. Chick-fil-A may also not have independent access to the
data compiled by a captive venue unit’s and a delivery kitchen’s POS system.

          Length of Time to Restaurant Opening: Chick-fil-A locates and purchases or leases or obtains
occupancy rights for the premises of a proposed restaurant prior to the time that it seeks or contracts with
an Operator for the operation of the particular restaurant. It is Chick-fil-A’s experience that the typical
length of time between the signing of a Franchise Agreement or Additional Business Amendment, or the
payment of the initial franchise fee by the prospective Operator or an additional franchise fee, and the
opening of the Operator’s Chick-fil-A Restaurant, is approximately six to twelve weeks. The actual length
of this period will depend upon such factors as the length of time necessary for completion of construction,
making leasehold improvements and remodeling, installing equipment, fixtures and furnishings, procuring
initial inventories and other similar matters, and may vary widely under some circumstances.


                                                        51
