                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                    REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA

        In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 through
80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of
Commerce, Minn. Rules §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930 (collectively, the “Minnesota Franchise Act”),
the Franchise Disclosure Document For Prospective Franchisees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of
Minnesota shall be amended to include the following:

       1.       The fifth paragraph under Item 13 shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following
language shall be added in lieu thereof:

        CFA Properties and Chick-fil-A have the sole and exclusive right to protect any or all of the
        trademarks listed above at their own expense. You must notify Chick-fil-A immediately when
        you learn about possible infringement of CFA Properties’ trademarks. The Franchise
        Agreement does not require CFA Properties or Chick-fil-A to take affirmative action when
        notified of these possible infringements. You must cooperate with CFA Properties and us in
        defending CFA Properties’ trademarks. We will defend you against third-party claims, suits
        or demands arising out of your use of the trademarks. If we, in our sole business judgment,
        determine that you used the trademarks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, then we
        will bear the cost of your defense, including the cost of any judgment or settlement. If we, in
        our sole business judgment, determine that you have not used the trademarks in accordance
        with the Franchise Agreement, then you must bear the cost of your defense, including the
        cost of any judgment or settlement. Upon any termination of your Franchise Agreement,
        you must immediately cease all use of the trademarks.

        2.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*         FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                    schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                    (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                    you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                    Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                    may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                    including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                    All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                    California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                    to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        3.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
