        6.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

        7.      Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “General Conditions,” Section
14 of the Lease, under the heading “General Provisions,” Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense
Agreement, and Section 9 of any Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled “Compliance
with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented with the following language:
        Any provision that provides that the parties waive their right to claim punitive, exemplary,
        incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, or any provision that provides that parties
        waive their right to a jury trial are generally unenforceable under North Dakota law.
         8.      Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “General Conditions,” and
Section 14.8 of the Lease, under the heading “General Provisions,” shall be deleted in their entirety, and
the following language shall be added in lieu thereof; the following shall also be added to the end of Section
9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading
“Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment”:
        This agreement is made pursuant to and shall be interpreted under the laws and decisions of
        the State of Georgia as they now exist and hereafter may be amended or changed from time
        to time. Notwithstanding the above, this choice of law provision of this Section shall be void
        with respect to any cause of action arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.
        9.       Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “General Conditions,” and
Section 14.10 of the Lease, under the heading “General Provisions,” shall be deleted in their entirety, and
shall have no force or effect. Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
Agreement, under the heading entitled “Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall
be amended by deleting the following phrases: “and a Georgia forum” “ and subsection 28.10” in the
second sentence.
       10.       The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

         11.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D.
Cent. Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, are met
independently without reference to this Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such
jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                 NORTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
