                Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as
                applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A
                under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
                inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator
                represents and warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is
                genuine and freely and knowingly given.

        5.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

                Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement
                involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and
                efforts of the Operator as an independent business person.

       6.      Section 27 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Indemnification”, Section 12.1
of the Lease, under the heading “Indemnification,” and Section 10 of any Concession Sublicense
Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading “Indemnification and Waiver,” are
supplemented by adding the following sentence at the end:

                In no event will this indemnification apply to liability caused by your proper
                reliance on or use of procedures or materials provided by Chick-fil-A or because
                of Chick-fil-A’s negligence.

         7.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:

                28.6    This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s),
                Delivery Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this
                Agreement as an exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all
                documents, schedules, exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this
                Agreement by reference, collectively constitute the complete and integrated agreement
                between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and
                supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
                representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement; the Operator may rely
                on Chick-fil-A's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that
                Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments or
                supplements, in connection with the Operator's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”).
                Chick-fil-A cautions the Operator not to rely on any representations, promises or
                agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD
                because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-fil-
                A was or is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not
                contained in this Agreement or the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver or
                cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing
                and signed by Chick-fil-A.

         8.      Section 14.6 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” is deleted in its
entirety and replaced by the following:

                14.6     Entire Agreement. This Lease and the Franchise Agreement to which it is attached,
                and all documents, schedules, exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this
                Lease and the Franchise Agreement by reference, collectively constitute the complete and

                                    CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                      INDIANA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
