                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                  REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA


         In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent.
Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use
in the State of North Dakota shall be amended to include the following:

        1.       The Item 17 table item r, the provision entitled “Non-competition covenants after the
franchise is terminated or expires” for the Franchise Agreement shall be supplemented with the following
language:

                The North Dakota Franchise Investment Law has a statute which limits Chick-fil-A’s
                ability to restrict your activity after the Franchise Agreement has ended. N.D. Cent. Code
                § 9-08-06.

        2.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6      Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                  schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                  (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                  you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                  Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                  may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                  including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                  All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                  California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                  to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        3.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*      Lease 14       Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                   Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                   Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                    Agr. 12       law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                  promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr.
                                                  Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                  DK Lease 12     our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                  its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                  provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                  law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                  all of the provisions listed above.


                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
             NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
