located or marketing in the geographic vicinity of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. Primary
competition for mall and in-line Chick-fil-A Restaurants is from franchised and other food service
operations located in the shopping malls or shopping centers in which your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business may be located. In some cases, competition may also arise from other restaurants in
non-mall locations or other sites located outside of the immediate premises of your mall or in-line
restaurant. These restaurants and food service operations may be associated with national or regional chains
(whether or not franchised) or may be local, independent restaurant locations. If you operate a free-standing
location, captive venue, delivery kitchen or drive-thru only Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, you will
experience generally similar types of competition.

        Prior Business Experience: S. Truett Cathy, the Founder of Chick-fil-A, opened his first
restaurant, the Dwarf Grill, in Hapeville, Georgia, in April 1946. The first Chick-fil-A Restaurant in a
shopping mall opened for business on November 24, 1967, and the first free-standing Chick-fil-A
Restaurant opened for business on April 16, 1986. Chick-fil-A has owned and operated Chick-fil-A
Restaurants of the type to be operated by you as a franchisee since 1967.

         The first Chick-fil-A Restaurant opened in a mall location was also the first Chick-fil-A Restaurant
operated by an Operator. Chick-fil-A commenced offering prospective restaurant Operators the opportunity
to become Operators pursuant to a Disclosure Document on February 10, 1987. Chick-fil-A commenced
offering prospective Licensees, who have access to locations such as schools, workplaces, universities and
airports, the opportunity to become Licensees pursuant to a Disclosure Document on May 4, 1992.
Franchises are offered to Licensees under a separate disclosure document and not under this Disclosure
Document. Chick-fil-A has never offered a franchise in any other line of business. (See Item 20 for further
information on numbers and locations of franchised Chick-fil-A Operator Restaurants, Licensed Units and
Company-operated Restaurants.)

         CFA Supply has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a franchisee. CFA Supply has never offered or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any
other line of business.

         Bay Center has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a franchisee. Bay Center has never offered or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any
other line of business.

         CFA Asia has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you
as a franchisee. CFA Asia has not to date offered, but intends in the future to offer, franchises and licenses
for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Singapore. CFA Asia has never offered or sold franchises in any other line
of business.

        CFA Canada has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a franchisee. CFA Canada has been offering franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Canada since
May 2019. CFA Canada has never offered or sold franchises in any other line of business.

        CFA Puerto Rico has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated
by you as a franchisee. CFA Puerto Rico has been offering franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Puerto
Rico since July 2021. CFA Puerto Rico has never offered or sold franchises in any other line of business.

         CFA Servco has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you
as a franchisee. CFA Servco has never offered or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any other
line of business.

       CFA-NC Townridge Square LLC, CFA Real Property I, LLC and FSU Holdings One, LLC have
never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you as a franchisee and
have never offered or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any other line of business.
                                                      8
