               Restaurant. The Operator will provide such reports and other information regarding Gross
               Receipts and the costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with the operation and use
               of the Food Truck and the Sales Locations, and such other information Chick-fil-A may request
               from time to time.

          n. Approvals, Licenses, Permits; Compliance with Law. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties
             in writing, the Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will seek as soon as practicable
             and will obtain and maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement all necessary
             regulatory approvals, licenses, and permits for and applicable to the operation of the Food
             Truck for the Licensed Use at the Sales Locations. The Operator will comply with and obey
             all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

          o. Cooperation. The Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will cooperate with Chick-
             fil-A as necessary for the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A to fulfill their respective duties and
             obligations under this Agreement and the Food Truck Lease.

     8. Additional Terms. Chick-fil-A will have the following rights, obligations, and responsibilities with
        regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck during the term of this Agreement:

          a. Delivery of Food Truck. Subject to Sections 6 and 14, Chick-fil-A will deliver the Food Truck
             to the Operator for the Licensed Use pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
             Chick-fil-A will not be liable for any loss or damage to the Operator due to a delay or failure
             to deliver the Food Truck in any event whatsoever, regardless of whether such delay or failure
             is within Chick-fil-A’s control. Without limiting the above, Chick-fil-A will have no liability
             for any delay or failure to deliver resulting from fire, act of God, destruction or damage to the
             Food Truck, weather conditions, strike, labor dispute, delay in transportation, governmental
             requirements or any other cause beyond Chick-fil-A’s control.

          b. Use of Reported Information. Chick-fil-A will have the right and the Operator authorizes
             Chick-fil-A to account for the Gross Receipts, fees, costs, expenses and taxes incurred and to
             make calculations and allocations to the Operator’s Business as may be authorized or otherwise
             required under the Franchise Agreement and in order to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.

     9. Compliance with Franchise Agreement. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the
        Operator will comply with all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement with regard to the Food
        Truck and the Licensed Use even if not specifically described or referred to in this Agreement,
        including, but not limited to, Section 5 DAMAGE TO SITE, EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD
        IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY, Section 12 STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS,
        SANITATION AND BUSINESS CONDUCT, Section 18 TRADE SECRETS AND
        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, Section 19 USE OF THE MARKS, Section 24
        TERMINATION, Section 25 FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP, Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION,
        and Section 28 GENERAL PROVISIONS (including, without limitation, with regard to the
        parties’ choice of Georgia law and a Georgia forum to resolve their disputes as set forth in
        Section 28.10 thereof, the waiver of any right to trial by jury as set forth in Section 28.15 thereof
        and the Operator’s agreement not to pursue any class claims as set forth in Section 28.13 thereof),
        and such provisions will be read to apply also to this Agreement. To the extent that there is a
        conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the express terms of
        this Agreement will control with respect to the Licensed Use authorized under this Agreement and
        the limited License granted for the Licensed Use. In addition, the Operator must not do anything
        in connection with the Sales Locations or the Food Truck that would adversely impact Chick-fil-
        A’s reputation or image in the community and will not use or conduct operations from the Food
        Truck on Sunday or Christmas Day.


Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              11
(Sole Proprietorship)
