               4.       Section 24.2 of the Franchise Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety by the
following language:
                Either Chick-fil-A or the Operator may terminate the Franchise Agreement as to one or
                more of the Businesses upon ninety (90) days’ prior written notice to the other. Chick-
                fil-A will not terminate the Franchise Agreement without good cause.

                5.      Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement shall be supplemented by the addition of
the following language at the conclusion of the Section:
                24.9. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement by Chick-fil-A, at the Operator’s
                option, Chick-fil-A must repurchase, at fair wholesale market value, all inventory
                bearing Chick-fil-A’s trademark sold by Chick-fil-A to the Franchise for resale under the
                Franchise Agreement.
                6.       Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

                Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement
                involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and
                efforts of the Operator as an independent business person.

                 7.       Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General
Provisions,” is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:

                28.6    This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s),
                Delivery Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this
                Agreement as an exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all
                documents, schedules, exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this
                Agreement by reference, collectively constitute the complete and integrated agreement
                between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and
                supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
                representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement; the Operator may rely
                on Chick-fil-A's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that
                Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments or
                supplements, in connection with the Operator's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”).
                Chick-fil-A cautions the Operator not to rely on any representations, promises or
                agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD
                because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-fil-
                A was or is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not
                contained in this Agreement or the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver or
                cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing
                and signed by Chick-fil-A.

                  8.      Section 14.6 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” is
deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

                14.6     Entire Agreement. This Lease and the Franchise Agreement to which it is attached,
                and all documents, schedules, exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this
                Lease and the Franchise Agreement by reference, collectively constitute the complete and
                integrated agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the subject matter
                of the Business and this Lease and supersede all prior agreements between the parties.
                Subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other representations or statements
                of any kind have induced the Operator to sign this Lease; the Operator may rely on Chick-
                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  WISCONSIN AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
