         a. Menu of Products.

               i. The menu of Products that may be offered, sold and distributed from the Food Truck in
                  connection with this Agreement will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise
                  referenced in the Food Truck License Summary.

              ii. The menu of Products that may be produced on, and offered, sold and distributed from, the
                  Food Truck, will be limited to the Products set forth and otherwise referenced in the Food
                  Truck License Summary.

              iii. The menu of Products to be produced and/or sold and distributed at individual Sales
                   Locations will be as set forth on the applicable Registration Form for each Sales Location.

                   Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, only Products that are approved for sale
                   in the Chick-fil-A system may be sold from the Food Truck. Products produced and/or held
                   in the Food Truck may only be sold or distributed from the Food Truck at the Sales
                   Locations and may not be sold, delivered, or given away to the Operator’s Business, any
                   other Business(es) to which the Operator has the right to operate pursuant to the Franchise
                   Agreement (if any) to customers or consumers located elsewhere or to other Chick-fil-A®
                   franchisees.

         b. Commissary; Source of Supplies. As set forth above in Section 7.a. of this Agreement, certain
            Products sold or distributed from the Food Truck may be freshly produced in the Food Truck,
            while other Products or the components of other Products must be freshly produced in the
            Business, which will serve as a commissary for the Food Truck, and delivered to the Food
            Truck via approved Temperature Management System (TMS) bags. For each Sales Location,
            whether a Product or Product component may be produced in the Food Truck or may only be
            produced in the Business and then delivered to the Food Truck as set forth above will be
            specified in the Registration Form applicable to such individual Sales Location. Product
            production and the manner of delivery, storage and holding of Product, Product components
            and Ingredients, at, in or between the Food Truck and the Business, will be performed
            according to Chick-fil-A’s then-current Minimum Standards, including any Guidelines for food
            trucks prepared by Chick-fil-A and delivered to or otherwise made available to the Operator
            from time to time. The provisions, terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement concerning
            the sources for purchase of Products and Ingredients will apply to the sources of Products and
            Ingredients to supply the Food Truck. Any transportation of Products, Ingredients, promotional
            items, and other items by the Operator or otherwise will comply with and will otherwise adhere
            to all applicable health, sanitation, food handling, food transportation and insurance
            requirements provided by law, the requirements contained in the Franchise Agreement, the
            Food Truck Lease and as otherwise required by Chick-fil-A (whichever provides the most
            stringent requirements). Without limiting the above, the Operator will not (and will not allow
            others to) transport any hazardous materials or anything other than Products, Ingredients,
            promotional items, and other items necessary for the safe, sanitary, and efficient operation of
            the Food Truck.

         c. Payment of Food Truck Fee. In consideration of the License granted in this Agreement and to
            compensate Chick-fil-A for the administration and grant of a license to use the Food Truck
            under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A when
            due the food truck fee(s) as set forth in the Food Truck License Summary (the “Food Truck
            Fee”). Chick-fil-A shall have the right from time to time to re-determine the Food Truck Fee
            in its sole and exclusive business judgment based on market factors and conditions, inflation,
            passage of time or otherwise, and to update the Food Truck Fee to an amount based on the then
            re-determined, then current market Food Truck Fee, which will be set forth in a revised Food

Food Truck License Agreement                           5
(Business Entity)
