                                  AMENDMENT TO THE
                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                        REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK

         In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, the parties
to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) and its attached Lease
(the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ____________, or its attached Concession Sublicense Agreement
(“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached Additional Business Amendment
(with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement as applicable)
(the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business Amendment, individually referred to
below as the “Lease”), do agree as follows:

                 1.      Section 11 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Standards of
Cleanliness, Sanitation and Business Conduct,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following
language at the end of the Section, which shall be considered an integral part of the Franchise Agreement:

                        Revisions to the manuals shall not unreasonably affect the Operator’s
                obligations, including economic requirements, under this Agreement.


                  2.      Section 21.4 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Transferability of
Interest,” shall be supplemented by the following language, which shall be considered an integral part of
the Franchise Agreement:

                        However, no assignment shall be made except to an assignee who, in the
                good faith judgment of Chick-fil-A, is willing and able to assume Chick-fil-A’s
                obligations under this Agreement.


                3.       Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions
Deemed Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based
on any representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

                The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the
                Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and
                extent of the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and
                the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without
                limitation those rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and
                22 above, and hereby agree that (i) the same are reasonably required and designed solely
                to protect proprietary and other important rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are
                reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-
                Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as
                applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A
                under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
                inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator
                represents and warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is
                genuine and freely and knowingly given.

                4.       Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.


                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   NEW YORK AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
