        other promise not contained in this Agreement (including as applicable the attached Concession
        Agreement or DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional
        Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver
        or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and
        signed by Chick-fil-A.

        7.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

         8.        Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14.8 of the Lease shall be deleted
in their entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof; the following shall also
be added to the end of Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen
Agreement:

         This Agreement is made pursuant to and shall be interpreted under the laws and decisions of the
         State of Georgia as they now exist and hereafter may be amended or changed from time to time.
         Notwithstanding the above, the choice of law in this Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement,
         Section 14.8 of the Lease or Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
         Kitchen Agreement, as applicable, shall be void with respect to any cause of action arising under
         the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987.

         9.      Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement and Section 14.10 of the Lease shall be
deleted in their entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof; the following
shall also be added to the end of Section 9 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement:

        The parties hereto agree that if a controversy or claim between them arises out of or relates to this
        Agreement or the relationship between the Operator and Chick-fil-A and results in litigation, the
        state and federal courts located in the state of Illinois shall have jurisdiction to hear and decide such
        matters, and each party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The parties further
        acknowledge and agree that such courts are convenient forums for the litigation of any controversy
        or claim which may arise out of or relating to this Agreement and that those courts shall have
        exclusive jurisdiction for such litigation arising under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987.

       10.       The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

         11.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional and other requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of
1987 are met independently without reference to this Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force
or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.


                                     CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                      ILLINOIS AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
