                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS

        In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the Franchise
Disclosure Document For Prospective Franchisees for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Illinois shall
be amended to include the following:

                1.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                   schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                   (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                   you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                   Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                   may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                   including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                   All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                   California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                   to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        2.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                    Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                   promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr. 12
                                                   Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                   our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                   its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                   provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                   law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                   all of the provisions listed above.


        3.      Item 17 shall be supplemented by adding the following language at the end:

                The conditions under which your Franchise Agreement and Lease (and
                any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement)
                can be terminated and your rights upon non-renewal may be affected by
                Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/19 and 705/20.

                The Operator’s rights upon non-renewal regarding repurchase may be
                affected by Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/20. In the event that Chick-fil-A

                                    CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                 ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                              FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
