due to strikes, acts of God, shortages of labor or materials,           Operator for its refusal or failure to give such consent or
war, terrorist acts, civil disturbances, pandemic or epidemic           approval. The Operator’s sole remedy for Chick-fil-A being
and other causes beyond the reasonable control of the                   deemed to have unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
performing party (“Force Majeure”). The above Force                     delayed consent or approval in such event shall be as
Majeure provision shall not apply to, or result in, an                  provided in this Section.
extension of the Term of this Lease nor apply to any of
Operator’s obligations to vacate the Building and the Site              14.17     The Article and Section headings in this Lease are
upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, nor             included for convenience of reference only and will not
any other obligations under Sections 10 and 11 of this Lease.           constitute a part of this Lease for any other purpose.
The Operator may not rely on the above Force Majeure
provision unless it notifies Chick-fil-A of the occurrence of
a Force Majeure event within ten (10) days following its
occurrence.

14.15       No Encumbrances. Nothing in this Lease shall
authorize the Operator to do any act which shall in any way
encumber the interest or estate of Chick-fil-A or the estate of
Fee Owner in the Site if Chick-fil-A is not the Fee Owner.
The Operator shall not permit the Site to become subject to
any claim by lien or encumbrance, and the Operator shall
immediately pursue in good faith its legal remedies to
remove a lien on the Site. If any lien is filed against the Site
or the Operator’s interest in this Lease, at Chick-fil-A’s
option, the Operator shall either pay the amount of the lien
in full or shall provide for a non-cancelable bond acceptable
by Chick-fil-A, in an amount deemed sufficient by Chick-
fil-A to protect the interest of Chick-fil-A and any mortgagee
or holder of other security interest from any loss resulting
from such lien.

14.16      Standard for Consent. Except as otherwise
expressly stated in this Lease, any consent or approval
required to be obtained from Chick-fil-A may be granted by
Chick-fil-A in its sole and exclusive business judgment,
which may take into account and consideration Chick-fil-
A’s assessment of, among other things, the long term
interests of the Chick-fil-A Marks, the Site and the System
overall. The Operator and Chick-fil-A recognize and agree,
and any court or judge is affirmatively advised, that if Chick-
fil-A’s activities or decisions are supported by its business
judgment, neither said court, said judge nor any other person
reviewing those activities or decisions should or may
substitute his, her or its judgment for Chick-fil-A’s
judgment. In any instance in which Chick-fil-A has
expressly agreed in this Lease or is found to be required by
law not to act unreasonably or to act in any particular manner
notwithstanding the express terms and conditions of this
Lease and/or the Franchise Agreement, the Operator hereby
agrees that Chick-fil-A will not have acted unreasonably in
withholding or denying its approval or consent if, without
limitation, the Operator is not in full compliance with all of,
or otherwise is in default or breach of any of, the terms and
conditions of this Lease and/or the related Franchise
Agreement. The Operator hereby waives any claim for
damages against or liability of Chick-fil-A that the Operator
may have based upon any assertion that Chick-fil-A has
unreasonably withheld, unreasonably conditioned or
unreasonably delayed any consent or approval requested by
the Operator, and the Operator’s sole remedy shall be an
action or proceeding to enforce any related provision or for
specific performance, injunction or declaratory judgment
and Chick-fil-A shall have no liability whatsoever to the


Lease                                                              13
