        8.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

                Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement
                involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and
                efforts of the Operator as an independent business person.

        9.       Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
Section 14.8 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of any Concession
Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled “Compliance with
Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following
language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other
                than the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or
                reduce any rights of the Operator as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act,
                including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.
                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires the Operator to sue Chick-fil-A outside
                of the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or reduce
                any rights of the Operator as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act,
                including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.

        10.     Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General
Provisions,” Section 14.10 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of
any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled
“Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires the Operator to sue Chick-fil-A outside
                of the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or reduce
                any rights of the Operator as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act,
                including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.

       11.       The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

         12.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the
jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat.
§§ 80C.01 through 80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota
Commissioner of Commerce, Minn. Rules §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930, with respect to each such

                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   MINNESOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
