         You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees or
licensees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.

         Our affiliates may also own and operate Chick-fil-A Restaurants or control competitive brands. We
are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above outside or inside the geographic
and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business location. We
do not restrict you from soliciting or accepting authorized food and beverage orders from outside the
geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
location (subject to your ability to comply with then-current requirements and standards), but you do not have
the right to use other unapproved channels of distribution to make sales outside the geographic and customer
trading pattern areas surrounding your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business location.

         Only Chick-fil-A may decide to relocate a franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant. If you wish to operate
a Chick-fil-A Restaurant in another location instead of your existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant, Chick-fil-A may,
but is under no obligation to, grant you a franchise to operate a different Chick-fil-A Restaurant, if available.
Operators who are granted a franchise for a different Chick-fil-A Restaurant in this manner are required to
terminate their existing Franchise Agreement and to execute a new Franchise Agreement and pay the initial
franchise fee due under the new Franchise Agreement-. Operators may be granted the right to operate
additional franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses at locations selected and approved by Chick-fil-A.
However, Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate additional franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses and reserves the right not to offer you the opportunity to operate additional
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant businesses.

         As described in Item 1, certain affiliates of Chick-fil-A operate certain Dwarf House restaurants and
Truett’s Grill restaurants, which are licensed to sell Chick-fil-A products. The Dwarf House restaurants are
modeled after the Dwarf Grill restaurant first opened by S. Truett Cathy in Hapeville, Georgia, in 1946. (The
eighteen Dwarf House and Truett’s Grill restaurants that currently exist are owned by our affiliate, Truett’s
Group, LLC.) Depending on the proximity of a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant to your franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant, a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant may compete with your franchised
business.

         As described above, Chick-fil-A licenses Chick-fil-A Licensees and continues to offer licenses to
prospective Licensees who have access to certain non-traditional locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar captive audience locations to sell Chick-fil-A brand products
at these locations. Chick-fil-A also grants licenses to franchised Operators and continues to offer licenses to
prospective franchised Operators to operate franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants as (i) captive venue units in
office buildings, big-box stores, downtown areas, schools, universities, sports stadiums, theme parks and
other similar captive audience locations and (ii) delivery kitchen units in delivery kitchen locations, for
which Chick-fil-A has obtained the rights to conduct a restaurant business or concession. Depending on the
proximity of a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit or other Chick-fil-A Restaurant to your franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant, a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit or other Chick-fil-A Restaurant may compete with your franchised
business. Chick-fil-A has never offered a franchise other than for a Licensed Unit or a franchised Chick-fil-
A Restaurant in the same or any other line of business, although it reserves the right to do so whether by
acquisition or start-up.

          Chick-fil-A may operate or license others to operate any business competitive with the business of its
Operators and/or its Licensees under a name other than Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A is currently conducting a test
of its affiliate New Mile Ventures, LLC’s delivery kitchen concept called Little Blue Menu® featuring several
new virtual restaurants as well as offering Chick-fil-A products. As of the date of this Disclosure Document,
Chick-fil-A has not formulated any plans or policies to operate or license others to operate any business under a
different name, but Chick-fil-A or its affiliates may establish other or similar businesses at some future date.


                                                       54
