                   the Food Truck Lessor or Chick-fil-A taking possession of the Food Truck following the
                   expiration or termination of this Agreement or the Food Truck Lease. The Operator’s
                   obligations under this Agreement and the Food Truck Lease will survive until the Operator
                   has fully performed the same. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
                   the Operator further acknowledges and agrees that Chick-fil-A has the right, in Chick-fil-
                   A’s sole and exclusive business judgment, to terminate this Agreement and/or the Food
                   Truck Program at any time for any reason or for no reason.

              c. The Operator will bear any and all risk arising from or related to termination of this
                 Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Operator will remain liable for the
                 then current outstanding balance of the Food Truck Fee, the Food Truck Insurance Fee and
                 any other payments due Chick-fil-A or the Food Truck Lessor as provided in the Food
                 Truck Lease and/or in this Agreement. The Operator agrees that upon default the Food
                 Truck Lessor may demand, receive and collect any monies due or falling due after the
                 default without in any manner affecting the status of the default or any notice of suit, action,
                 order or judgment related to the default. Upon termination of the Food Truck Lease and/or
                 this Agreement, any payment made by the Operator to Chick-fil-A or the Food Truck
                 Lessor or any court will not: (i) reinstate, continue or extend the term of this Agreement;
                 (ii) affect any notice previously given to the Operator; or (iii) pursuant to the terms and
                 conditions of the Food Truck Agreement, operate as a waiver of the right of the Food Truck
                 Lessor or, as applicable, Chick-fil-A to obtain possession of the Food Truck by proper suit,
                 action, proceeding or remedy. All monies collected will be deemed to be payments made
                 in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or applied toward any outstanding balances
                 owed by the Operator.

    15. Survival. Upon the termination, expiration, or suspension of this Agreement as provided in
        Section 14, all obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation the obligations under
        the Franchise Agreement which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement, that expressly
        or by their nature are intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement or the
        Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, limitations of liability, and the Operator’s
        reporting, payment and indemnification obligations to Chick-fil-A and/or the Food Truck Lessor,
        will survive the termination, expiration or suspension of this Agreement, the Food Truck Lease,
        and the termination of the Franchise Agreement, if applicable.

    16. Communications; Notices; Designated Contact. All notices provided for in this Agreement will be
        deemed given on the day of hand-delivery or overnight delivery or three (3) days after being sent
        by registered or certified mail, if sent from the United States, or by the equivalent thereof if sent
        from other country or jurisdiction, return receipt requested, address to the party to be served at the
        following address:

                      If to Chick-fil-A:
                      Chick-fil-A, Inc.
                      5200 Buffington Road
                      Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
                      Attn: Lynette E. Smith

                      If to the Operator and/or the Operator-Owner:
                      At the address set forth on the signature page of the Franchise Agreement

         Or to such other address as may be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party.

    17. Not Independent Franchise. The Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that
        the Operator’s participation in the Food Truck Program and the grant of the License to use the Food
Food Truck License Agreement                           12
(Business Entity)
