                                                     Item 16

                     RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

          Chick-fil-A requires you to offer and sell only the Chick-fil-A brand products and other items that
  Chick-fil-A has approved. (See Item 8.) If you desire to sell other products in your franchised Chick-fil-A
  Restaurant business, you must request and receive written permission from Chick-fil-A before doing so.
  Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including its attached Lease(s), its attached Concession
  Sublicense Agreement for any captive venue unit, and its attached DK Lease for a delivery kitchen unit,
  you are prohibited from using or occupying the premises of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
  for any purpose other than operating your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business.

           You must offer all products that Chick-fil-A designates as required for all Operators or for your
  particular franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant or associated food truck. For example, your ability to offer
  certain menu items could be restricted or changed pursuant to the Lease or in the case of (i) any captive
  venue unit, the Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement and (ii) delivery
  kitchen unit, the Delivery Kitchen Agreement and its attached DK Lease (and, as applicable, any underlying
  prime lease or ground lease). Captive venue units and delivery kitchen units may feature and serve only a
  limited number of menu items which will be designated respectively in the applicable Concession
  Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement. Your ability to offer certain menu items could be
  restricted or changed pursuant to the Food Truck License Agreement and its attached Food Truck Lease.
  Chick-fil-A has the right during the term of the Franchise Agreement to add additional products to those
  which you are required to sell.


                                                     Item 17

              RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

         This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related agreements.
  You should read these provisions in the Agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.

Franchise Agreement (“FA”) (The Franchise Agreement includes the attached Operator Lease(s). The Lease
form is summarized separately in a table below. If you are offered the opportunity to operate a franchised Chick-
fil-A Restaurant business as a captive venue unit or delivery kitchen unit, the Franchise Agreement also includes
respectively the Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement that substitutes for the Lease
as the occupancy agreement for the captive venue unit or delivery kitchen non-traditional premises. The form
of Concession Sublicense Agreement attached to the Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue is
the applicable form whether the captive venue unit is your initial business or an additional Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business. The form of Delivery Kitchen Agreement attached to the Additional Business
Amendment for Delivery Kitchen is the applicable form for the delivery kitchen, which is only offered as an
additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. The Concession Sublicense Agreement attaches the Concession
Agreement and the Delivery Kitchen Agreement attaches the DK Lease for the particular location as an exhibit.
The Concession Sublicense Agreement and Delivery Kitchen Agreement forms are summarized in the separate
table below together with the summary of the Lease. The Franchise Agreement, the Lease, the Concession
Sublicense Agreement and the Delivery Kitchen Agreement, and their respective summary tables, should be read
together and considered as a whole.)




                                                        65
