     10. Sole and Exclusive Property of Chick-fil-A; Confidential Information and Ideas. The Operator
         acknowledges and agrees that the Food Truck Program, including but not limited to the
         development of the Food Truck and the program, this Agreement (and any of its terms), the Food
         Truck Lease (and any of its terms), the design and specifications, menu selection, marketing
         methods and strategies (including social media), sales, cost, data and analysis relating to the Food
         Truck Agreement, and any Guidelines and Methods developed for the Food Truck are the sole and
         exclusive property of Chick-fil-A, and constitute Intellectual Property and Confidential
         Information under the Franchise Agreement. The Operator will not acquire any ownership interest
         or other right in and to the Food Truck Program, the Food Truck, its equipment, furnishing and
         fixtures, associated Guidelines and Methods, Intellectual Property or Confidential Information,
         except for the temporary right and License to operate the Food Truck for the Licensed Use at the
         Sales Locations as expressly provided in this Agreement. Under Section 18.5 of the Franchise
         Agreement, any idea, concept, technique or material concerning the Food Truck and the Food Truck
         Program, including any advertising materials and social networking accounts, that the Operator or
         any of the Operator’s employees create in the operation or servicing of the Food Truck or conduct
         of the Food Truck Program as contemplated by this Agreement, will be Ideas, and Chick-fil-A or
         CFA Properties will own all rights in any and all Ideas. The Operator may not lend, sublicense,
         subcontract, sublease, encumber or in any way transfer or assign the Food Truck or any of the Food
         Truck’s equipment, furnishings, or fixtures or any rights under this Agreement. Chick-fil-A will
         retain all rights attendant to or associated with the lease of the Food Truck, including, without
         limitation, the right to depreciate the Food Truck for tax, accounting and all other purposes.

     11. No Warranties. The Food Truck provided to the Operator by Chick-fil-A pursuant to the sublease
         of the Food Truck Lease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement is furnished “AS IS” and “WHERE
         IS” and without any warranty of any kind by or from Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A expressly disclaims
         any representations or warranties, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the
         Food Truck and this Agreement, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
         merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

     12. Storage; Maintenance; Repair. The Operator, (a) may use the Food Truck only in compliance with
         the Food Truck Lease and only in connection with the Operator’s operation of the Food Truck at
         the Sales Locations, (b) will store and maintain the Food Truck at the Operator’s Business when
         not in use at a Sales Location (c) will service and repair the Food Truck in order to maintain its
         appearance and good working condition according to best industry practices, manufacturer’s
         specifications, and using reputable and established service and repair vendors, and (d) will not make
         any changes, alterations or additions to the Food Truck without prior written consent of Chick-fil-
         A, and all in accordance with Chick-fil-A’s then current Minimum Standards, Guidelines and other
         policies and procedures as may be amended by Chick-fil-A from time to time. In servicing and
         repairing the Food Truck and its equipment, furnishings and fixtures, the Operator will solely use
         suppliers and vendors that demonstrate the ability to meet Chick-fil-A’s then Minimum Standards
         and Guidelines and that possess adequate quality controls, experience and capacity to service and
         repair the item and otherwise supply the Operator’s needs promptly, accurately and reliably. Chick-
         fil-A will not be liable for any loss or damage to the Operator due to any inability to use or any
         interruption in the use of the Food Truck or any of its equipment, furnishings or fixtures. The
         Operator agrees to provide Chick-fil-A with monthly (or with such greater frequency that Chick-
         fil-A may from time-to-time require) reports detailing (i) the mileage of the Food Truck for such
         time period, (ii) any damage incurred with respect to the Food Truck, and (iii) any maintenance or
         repairs performed with respect to the Food Truck. The Operator’s obligation to provide such
         reports does not satisfy the Operator’s obligations under the Food Truck Lease, and it is the
         Operator’s obligation to ensure that all required maintenance is performed on the Food Trucks per
         the terms of the Food Truck Lease and this Agreement, including the requirements that (x) all such
         maintenance and repairs must be performed by a factory authorized maintenance individual with

Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement             12
(Sole Proprietorship)
