                Notwithstanding the above, you shall indemnify Chick-fil-A and hold Chick-fil-
                A harmless from liabilities resulting from your breaches and civil wrongs only.
                 11.     Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “General Provisions,”
Section 14 of the Lease, under the heading “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of any Concession
Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading “Compliance with Franchise
Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by adding the following as subsection 28.19,d
14.17 and 9(a), respectively:

                To the extent that the Franchise Agreement or the Lease, any Concession
                Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires the Operator to
                sign a release or to acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial
                or administrative review any statement, misrepresentation or action that would
                violate New York law, including New York General Business Law, Article 33,
                Sections 680 – 695, or a rule or order under the law, the release or
                acknowledgment of fact will be void with respect to claims arising under New
                York law. All rights the Operator enjoys and any causes of action arising in the
                Operator’s favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law
                of the State of New York and the regulations issued under the law remain in force,
                it being the intent that the non-waiver provisions of Sections 687.4 and 687.5 of
                the New York General Business Law be satisfied.


                 12.    The following is added as a new Section 28.20 to the Franchise Agreement, under
the heading entitled “General Provisions”:

               28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.                     No statement,
               questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with
               the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
               claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
               disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
               person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
               document executed in connection with the franchise.

                 13.     Each provision of this Amendment to the Franchise Agreement and Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be effective only to the extent,
with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of New York General Business Law,
Article 33, Section 680 through 695, and of the Codes, Rules, and Regulations of the State of New York,
Title 13, Chapter VII, Section 200.1 through 201.16 are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  NEW YORK AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
