          the authority to sign the maintenance, service and/or repair log and (y) records of all work
          performed on the Food Truck must be dated and signed by the appropriate authority.

     13. Indemnification; Damage to Property; Personal Injury.

          a. The Operator will be solely and exclusively responsible for any damage to or loss caused by a
             breach of this Agreement or the Food Truck Lease, the negligent or intentional action or
             misfeasance of the Operator or the Operator’s employees, agents, contractors, invitees or
             customers as if provided for and included under Section 5 DAMAGE TO SITE, EQUIPMENT
             OR LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY of the Franchise Agreement,
             which will apply in full to this Agreement. Furthermore, the Operator will be solely and
             exclusively responsible for any and all liability of the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A, for (i)
             personal injury, death or otherwise, and (ii) damage to personal property or real property caused
             by or resulting from the negligent or intentional action or misfeasance of the Operator, the
             Operator’s employees, agents, contractors, invitees or customers. In addition, the Operator will
             be solely and exclusively responsible for any and all liability of BALC as provided in the Food
             Truck Lease.

          b. The Operator does hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Chick-fil-A and any
             subsequent operator of the Food Truck or a like business at the Sales Location and/or BALC
             as provided in the Food Truck Lease, against all judgments, settlements, penalties, expenses,
             attorneys’ fees, court costs and other costs of litigation or administrative proceedings incurred
             by or imposed on Chick-fil-A or any subsequent operator of the Food Truck or a like business
             at the Sales Location as if provided for and included under Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION
             of the Franchise Agreement, which will apply in full to this Agreement and the use and
             operation of the Food Truck, including without limitation in the event of any damage, loss or
             claim described in this Section 13.

          The Operator’s obligations under Subsections 13.a. and b. above (and Sections 5 and 27 of the
          Franchise Agreement) will apply with respect to, among other things, the Sales Location, the Food
          Truck and any personal property of any person or entity, any personal injury or death, any claim,
          demand or penalty, and any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of or
          relating to or in connection with the Sales Locations, the Food Truck or this Agreement, as
          applicable, all of which will be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Operator. This section
          is not intended to and does not convey any benefits to any third party and does not prevent the
          Operator or Chick-fil-A from seeking indemnification from another third party whose actions, or
          the actions of such third party’s employee, were the source of any injury, damage or loss. This
          section is in addition to any obligations of the Operator to BALC and others that may be named in
          the Food Truck Lease.

     14. Default; Termination.

          a. The rights granted under this Agreement are contingent upon the Franchise Agreement and this
             Agreement, including the Food Truck Lease, being in full force and effect and the Operator
             otherwise being in good standing at the effective date of this Agreement and at all times during
             the term of this Agreement. If prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the
             Franchise Agreement is terminated or expires with respect to the Business or the Food Truck
             Lease is terminated or expires, this Agreement, including the sublease granted in Section 4 of
             this Agreement, will automatically terminate or expire at the same time. If the Franchise
             Agreement is in default at the effective date of this Agreement or at any time during the term
             of this Agreement (and has not been terminated), such default will also constitute a default by
             the Operator under this Agreement, and Chick-fil-A may terminate the Operator’s rights under


Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement             13
(Sole Proprietorship)
