         (f)       If any charge, fee, cost or expense which the Operator is obligated to pay pursuant to this
Agreement or the Concession Agreement is initially billed to or paid by Chick-fil-A, Chick-fil-A will have
the right to rebill the amount to the Operator. If Chick-fil-A rebills any amount to the Operator, the Operator
will pay promptly the rebilled charge, fee, cost or expense directly to the appropriate business,
governmental authority or other person or entity. If Chick-fil-A, at its election, pays any charge, fee, cost
or expense on behalf of the Operator, the Operator will reimburse Chick-fil-A immediately upon the
Operator’s receipt of Chick-fil-A’s written notice of having made the payment, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and
exclusive business judgment, either by (i) issuing Chick-fil-A a check or (ii) acknowledging and, to the
extent required, approving Chick-fil-A’s adjustments to the amounts owed by Chick-fil-A to the Operator
or owed by the Operator to Chick-fil-A under the Franchise Agreement.

         (g)     If the Operator fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or under the
Concession Agreement, Chick-fil-A, at its option, may (but is not required to) do the same or cause the
same to be done, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A. The cost incurred by
Chick-fil-A in connection with such performance by Chick-fil-A will be an additional charge due from the
Operator to Chick-fil-A, together with interest for the period beginning with the original due incurred to
the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed by law or, if there is no
maximum rate permitted by law, then a rate equal to one and one-quarter percent (1.25%) per month.
Interest will be calculated on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed
divided by 365. Interest will be in addition to any other rights or remedies Chick-fil-A may have under this
Agreement.

          6.        Leased Equipment and Fee.

         (a)     Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Equipment Lease
Addendum attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B as it may be amended from time to time, Chick-fil-A
has delivered, or will deliver to the Site, the Equipment (as defined below) and other property described in
the Equipment Lease Addendum solely for use in the operation of the Captive Venue Unit. “Equipment”
means the equipment and other property delivered, or to be delivered to the Site, by Chick-fil-A as described
in the Equipment Lease Addendum together with any replacements of and additions or accessions to the
original equipment.

        (b)    In consideration of the lease of the Equipment, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A when
due, the Equipment Rental stated in Exhibit B.

         7.       Default; Termination and Expiration. In addition to the termination and expiration
provisions in Section 2 and Section 4 of this Agreement, this Agreement and the rights granted under this
Agreement may be terminated for a default under this Agreement or the Concession Agreement in the
manner provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Concession Agreement. A default by the Operator
under the Concession Agreement will also be a default under this Agreement and the Franchise
Agreement. Subject to Section 8 of this Agreement, if this Agreement is terminated or expires, then the
Franchise Agreement shall also immediately and automatically terminate or expire as to the Captive Venue
Unit, and at the election of Chick-fil-A, in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment, as to one
or more or all of any other of the Businesses operated under the Franchise Agreement, effective as of the
effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement upon delivering written notice of termination to
Operator, without any further obligation or liability to the Operator. The rights granted under this Agreement,
including the sublicense granted in Subsection 2(a) of this Agreement, will also immediately and
automatically terminate or expire effective as of the effective date of termination or expiration of this
Agreement, and Chick-fil-A will have the right to enter upon and take possession of the Site and the Captive
Venue Unit without further formality and without the necessity of any court action, dispossessory
proceeding, or further notice or legal proceedings whatsoever. The Operator agrees to vacate the Site and


Concession Sublicense Agreement                       13
