        Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver
        or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and
        signed by Chick-fil-A.

        6.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

        7.      Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14.8 of the Lease, Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement and Section 9 of any Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be supplemented
by the following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement or
                any DK Lease requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State of
                Rhode Island, to the extent that such law conflicts with the Rhode Island Franchise
                Investment Act, it is void under Section 19-28.1-14 with respect to any claims
                arising under Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.

        8.     Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14.10 of the Lease, Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement and Section 9 of any Delivery Kitchen shall be supplemented by the
following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement, Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
                Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other
                than the State of Rhode Island, the requirement is void under the Rhode Island
                Franchise Investment Act, Section 19-28.1-14 with respect to any claims arising
                under Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.

       9.        The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

         10.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the
jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, with
respect to each such provision, are met independent of and without reference to this Amendment. This
Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                 RHODE ISLAND AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
