Chick-fil-A, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022


    Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
    In accordance with ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment, long-lived assets held and used in
    operations are required to be assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in
    circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be
    recoverable. Recoverability of assets held and used in operations is measured by a comparison of
    the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
    generated over the remaining life of the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
    estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the
    carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Impairment charges recorded for assets held
    and used in operations were immaterial for all periods presented in these consolidated financial
    statements.

    Long-lived assets meeting the criteria to be reported as held for sale in accordance with ASC 360
    are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell and are no longer
    depreciated. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, assets classified as held-for-sale are not
    material to the consolidated financial statements.

    Advertising
    The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Total advertising expenses were
    approximately $253,956,000, $209,792,000, and $180,807,000 for the years ended December 31,
    2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively, and are recorded within Selling, general and administrative
    expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. For the
    years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, total reported advertising expense includes
    approximately $46,244,000, $41,804,000, and $39,382,000 in certain franchisee reimbursed
    national advertising costs. Refer to the Recognition of Revenue and Income section above for
    additional details.

    Income Taxes
    The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return.

    The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, Income
    Taxes, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The standard prescribes a
    recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
    measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation
    requires that the Company recognize in its financial statements the impact of a tax position if that
    position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the
    position. The Company’s policy is to record potential penalties and interest related to unrecognized
    tax benefits as income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

    The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach. Deferred tax
    assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
    between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
    respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
    expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
    expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
    tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

    Changes in tax rates and tax laws are accounted for in the period of enactment. The Company has
    elected to reclassify any tax effects stranded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result
    of a change in income tax rates to retained earnings.



                                                  17
