     14. Default; Termination.

          a. The rights granted under this Agreement are contingent upon the Franchise Agreement and this
             Agreement, including the Food Truck Lease, being in full force and effect and the Operator
             otherwise being in good standing at the effective date of this Agreement and at all times during
             the term of this Agreement. If prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the
             Franchise Agreement is terminated or expires with respect to the Business or the Food Truck
             Lease is terminated or expires, this Agreement, including the sublease granted in Section 4 of
             this Agreement, will automatically terminate or expire at the same time. If the Franchise
             Agreement is in default at the effective date of this Agreement or at any time during the term
             of this Agreement (and has not been terminated), such default will also constitute a default by
             the Operator under this Agreement, and Chick-fil-A may terminate the Operator’s rights under
             this Agreement, including the sublease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement, or suspend such
             rights until the default is cured.

          b. This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder may be terminated for a default under this
             Agreement, including a default under the sublease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement by
             reason of a default of the Food Truck Lease, without also terminating the Franchise Agreement,
             provided that Chick-fil-A, in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment, shall
             have the right at its election to also terminate the Franchise Agreement as to the Business and
             one or more or all of any other of the Businesses operated under the Franchise Agreement by
             providing written notice to the Operator pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement.
             Subject to Section 15, this Agreement and the rights granted under this Agreement, including
             the sublease granted in Section 4 of this Agreement (but not the obligations the Operator has
             undertaken thereunder, which will survive until the Operator has fully performed the same),
             will expire automatically upon Chick-fil-A retaking possession of the Food Truck following
             the expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Operator’s fulfillment of the Operator’s
             obligations under this Agreement, including under the sublease granted in Section 4 of this
             Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Operator further
             acknowledges and agrees that Chick-fil-A has the right, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive
             business judgment, to terminate this Agreement, including the sublease granted in Section 4,
             and/or the Food Truck Program at any time for any reason or for no reason.

          c. The Operator will bear any and all risk arising from or related to termination of this Agreement.
             Upon termination of this Agreement, the Operator will remain liable for the then current
             outstanding balance of the Food Truck Usage Fee, the Food Truck Insurance Fee and any other
             payments due Chick-fil-A or BALC as provided in the Food Truck Lease and/or in this
             Agreement. The Operator agrees that upon default BALC may demand, receive and collect
             any monies due or falling due after the default without in any manner affecting the status of the
             default or any notice of suit, action, order or judgment related to the default. Upon termination
             of the Food Truck Lease and/or this Agreement, any payment made by the Operator to Chick-
             fil-A or BALC or any court will not: (i) reinstate, continue or extend the term of this
             Agreement; (ii) affect any notice previously given to the Operator; or (iii) operate as a waiver
             of the right of Chick-fil-A to obtain possession of the Food Truck by proper suit, action,
             proceeding or remedy. All monies collected will be deemed to be payments made in
             accordance with the terms of this Agreement or applied toward any outstanding balances owed
             by the Operator.

     15. Survival. Upon the termination, expiration, or suspension of this Agreement as provided in
         Section 14, all obligations under this Agreement, including under the sublease granted in Section 4
         of this Agreement and also including without limitation the obligations under the Franchise
         Agreement which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement, that expressly or by their
         nature are intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement or the Franchise
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement             11
(Business Entity)
