     economic terms of the particular DK Lease should be reviewed and evaluated carefully. The
     use/occupancy fee to Chick-fil-A or, in the alternative, use/occupancy charge to the premises
     owner, licensor or manager under the DK Lease will vary depending on where your franchised
     delivery kitchen Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located, the size of the premises, the delivery
     services, marketing, equipment and other goods and services provided by the owner, licensor or
     manager of the premises, if any, and other factors. The use/occupancy fee or charge as applicable
     may be payable and described in whole or in part similarly to rent as a percentage of Gross Receipts
     or stated dollar amount. Alternatively, the same charges may be described under a commission
     type structure, where the owner, licensor or manager of the premises either: (i) collects some or all
     of the Gross Receipts of the delivery kitchen unit from sales to customers and then distributes to
     you (or Chick-fil-A on your behalf) a “commission” where your commission is the balance of the
     Gross Receipts after the owner, licensor or manager of the premises subtracts the use/occupancy
     charge amount, plus any other fees and costs due under the DK Lease (and if applicable, any sales
     tax the owner, licensor or manager undertakes the responsibility to report and pay); or (ii) charges
     and bills Chick-fil-A on your behalf or you directly as applicable “commission(s)” on some or all
     of the Gross Receipts of the delivery kitchen unit from sales to customers and you (or Chick-fil-A
     on your behalf) then pay such commissions plus all other fees and costs due and owing to the owner,
     licensor or manager of the premises from the Gross Receipts (and if applicable, any sales tax the
     owner, licensor or manager undertakes the responsibility to report, collect and pay). The
     use/occupancy fee or charge as applicable stated in the DK Lease is passed through to you dollar
     for dollar under the Delivery Kitchen Agreement, with no markup and no cap.

     The Rent Policy does not apply, and any cap or limit on the amount of property tax or other
     additional charges Chick-fil-A may in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment offer
     in certain special circumstances may not apply, to occupancy charges payable for captive venue
     units or use/occupancy charges for delivery kitchen units. The occupancy charge and
     use/occupancy charges figures reflected above in this Item 6 represent the lowest and highest
     approximate percentage range of occupancy charge or use/occupancy charges you will pay. The
     fees you pay may be higher than those outlined in this Item 6. These circumstances may include
     certain high-cost sites, special costs and unique venues.

8.   If none of our vendors provide cash handling system services in the geographic area where your
     Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located, you will not pay these fees and expenses to us. If your
     Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located in a mall, office building, captive venue or delivery
     kitchen location, you may not be required to pay these fees and expenses to us depending on a
     variety of factors, including the location of the mall or office building, its use restrictions and
     requirements, whether the owner or manager of the location collects customer payments, and other
     things. In these circumstances, you may incur similar fees and expenses by engaging a vendor
     directly or paying the vendor appointed by the owner or manager of the location or the owner or
     manager directly, to provide similar services.




                                                  34
