Lease, any Concession               Section in
Sublicense Agreement and           franchise or                                 Summary
any Delivery Kitchen                  other
Agreement                           agreement
          Provision
t. Integration/merger clause*       Lease 14       Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                   Concession      Franchise Agreement, including any Assignment and Consent
                                   Sublicense      to Assignment Agreement and any Additional Business
                                     Agr. 12       Amendment, to which the agreement is attached, are binding
                                                   (subject to state law, see Exhibit “G”). Any promises or
                                   DK Agr. 12
                                                   statements not in the agreement, including its exhibits (or the
                                                   Franchise Agreement, including any Assignment and Consent
                                                   to Assignment Agreement and any Additional Business
                                                   Amendment,) or in this Disclosure Document should not be
                                                   relied upon.
u. Dispute resolution by               Not         Not applicable.
   arbitration or mediation         applicable
v. Choice of forum*                 Lease 14       Litigation must be in the Atlanta, Georgia area (subject to state
                                    Concession     law, see Exhibit “G”).
                                    Sublicense
                                      Agr. 9
                                    DK Agr. 9
w. Choice of law*                   Lease 14       Georgia law applies (subject to state law, see Exhibit “G”).
                                   Concession
                                   Sublicense
                                     Agr. 9
                                   DK Agr. 9


A provision in the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any DK Lease that terminates the
agreement upon your bankruptcy may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code Section 101
et seq.

        * California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota,
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin may require franchisors to make
additional disclosures related to the information contained in this Disclosure Document and to amend the
Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement to address
inconsistencies between the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
Agreement and state law in some areas. If applicable, these additional disclosures and amendments will be
furnished to you in a state specific addendum to this Disclosure Document. See Exhibit “G” to this
Disclosure Document.

                                                  Item 18

                                          PUBLIC FIGURES

        Chick-fil-A does not use any public figure to promote its franchises.



                                                    74
