        A Restaurants opened during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The exact amount required
        for additional funds will vary from operation to operation and cannot be estimated with certainty
        for your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business.

                                                  Item 8

                RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

         Approved Supplies and Suppliers: Chick-fil-A has an interest in the proprietary seasoning used
in the preparation of certain Chick-fil-A brand chicken products. Chick-fil-A purchases the seasoning from
the producers of the seasoning and has it shipped directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized or approved poultry
suppliers. These poultry suppliers then apply the seasoning to most of the chicken products sold to the
Operators. Payments to Chick-fil-A for the proprietary seasoning are received from the poultry supplier
when the chicken is sold to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). Currently, Chick-fil-A is receiving
payments of approximately $.06 per pound of seasoned chicken, which amount includes a payment to
Chick-fil-A for its proprietary interest in the seasoning, and which amount may vary and otherwise change
due to among other things food costs and product initiatives.

         Chick-fil-A also has an interest in the proprietary seasoned coater used in the preparation of most
Chick-fil-A brand chicken products. The seasoned coater is purchased by Chick-fil-A from the producer
and is shipped directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). Payments to Chick-fil-A for the
proprietary seasoned coater are received from the distributor(s) of the seasoned coater when the seasoned
coater is purchased by the distributor(s) from Chick-fil-A. The distributor(s) then sells the seasoned coater
to the Operators. Your cost for the seasoned coater depends on a pricing formula that includes a markup
by Chick-fil-A that may change. Based upon the cost of ingredients to Chick-fil-A (including any freight
charges paid to the producer) your cost will fluctuate.

         Our affiliate CFA Supply is a distributor approved to carry food products, ingredients, and supplies
for franchised, licensed, and company and affiliate owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants. CFA Supply may be
the only approved primary distributor serving the geographic area in which it operates. CFA Supply began
operations in July 2019. If your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant is in a location CFA Supply services,
your cost for the food products, ingredients, and supplies depends on a pricing formula CFA Supply
determines in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment that includes, among other factors, a
distribution fee and an allowance for fuel and freight costs from the CFA Supply warehouse to the Chick-fil-
A Restaurants it will supply.

         Our affiliate Bay Center produces Chick-fil-A branded lemon juice that is a proprietary principal
ingredient used to produce proprietary Chick-fil-A branded lemonade. Bay Center is an approved supplier
to supply lemon juice to Chick-fil-A Restaurants in geographic areas it operates. Bay Center may be the
only approved supplier of lemon juice for the geographic area where it operates. Bay Center began
operations in 2020. The lemon juice is purchased by Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s) from Bay
Center and is shipped by Bay Center directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). The distributor(s)
pays Bay Center for the proprietary lemon juice when the lemon juice is purchased by the distributor(s).
The distributor(s) then sells the lemon juice to the Operators. If your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant is
in a location Bay Center supplies, your cost for the lemon juice depends on a pricing formula Bay Center
determines in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment that includes a markup by Bay Center
that may change. Based upon the cost of ingredients to Bay Center (including any freight charges) your
cost will fluctuate.

        You must purchase all of the following items from suppliers who are approved in advance by
Chick-fil-A: all present and future items of food and drink; all items of non-food inventory intended for
sale to or use by your customers; all ingredients, food products, produce, mixes, spices, cooking aides,
wrappings, food and beverage containers; certain other designated items necessary for maintaining and
cleaning your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, certain proprietary marketing and promotional
                                                     37
