                    will apply): (i) at least twenty-one years of age; (ii) holds a valid driver’s license, a copy
                    of which is maintained by the Operator, and (iii) has no history of serious violations within
                    the last five years and no more than two moving violations in the last three years, based
                    upon the Operator’s review of the driver’s Motor Vehicle Record for the applicable period
                    stated in this clause. The Operator will ensure that a pre-inspection and a post-inspection
                    of the Food Truck are completed and a complete and current record of such inspections is
                    maintained. Inspection components include, but are not limited to, properly working lights,
                    signals and horn, wipers, mirrors and safety belts, tire tread acceptable, no glass
                    chips/cracks that can hinder vision, doors close and lock, body of vehicle is intact
                    (bumpers, etc.). For purposes of clause (iii) above, “two moving violations” will include,
                    without limitation, speeding, failure to signal, improper passing, following too close,
                    careless driving, not wearing a safety belt, expired tags and plates as well as no proof of
                    insurance, and “serious violations” will include, without limitation, any alcohol related
                    violation, racing/speed contest, reckless driving, vehicular homicide or assault, conviction
                    of a crime involving a motor vehicle, eluding or attempting to elude a police officer, hit
                    and run, etc.

          k. Food Truck Condition and Return. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
               Agreement, the Operator will (i) make the Food Truck available to Chick-fil-A or its designee
               at such time and location as directed by Chick-fil-A in accordance with all terms, provisions
               and requirements of the Food Truck Lease and in a clean and neat condition, and in as good
               order and repair and in the same condition as existed immediately prior to the Operator’s
               operation and use of the Food Truck, normal wear and tear excepted, (ii) remove all personal
               property from the Food Truck, and (iii) clean and remove all debris and trash from the Food
               Truck. Any personal property not removed will be deemed conclusively abandoned and may be
               removed and disposed of by Chick-fil-A, without compensation to the Operator. In the event the
               Operator fails to return the Food Truck in such condition and at such time and location as
               directed by Chick-fil-A, the Operator will reimburse Chick-fil-A for all costs and expenses
               incurred in connection with returning the Food Truck to the good order, condition and repair as
               existed immediately prior to the Operator’s operation and use of the Food Truck, normal wear
               and tear excepted.

          l.   Insurance and Insurance Fee. In consideration of the insurance expense incurred by Chick-fil-
               A to cover the Food Truck and its contents and inventory, the Operator will pay to Chick-fil-A
               a monthly insurance fee, as set forth in the Food Truck License Summary (the “Food Truck
               Insurance Fee”); the Insurance Fee does not cover any Operator-owned contents or inventory.
               The Operator will obtain and maintain in full force and effect, at the Operator’s own expense,
               any additional insurance coverage which may be necessary or required (i) to operate the Food
               Truck, and (ii) under the Food Truck Lease, the Franchise Agreement, applicable law or
               otherwise. The Operator will provide Chick-fil-A immediate notice of (A) any casualty loss
               (that is, loss or damage to the Food Truck) that may result in an insurance claim and (B) any
               liability claim (that is, any injury to any person or damage to any property in any way involving
               the Food Truck). The Operator will cooperate fully with Chick-fil-A in the reporting,
               investigation, adjustment, and settlement of any insurance coverage claims arising from the
               Food Truck.

          m. Reporting of Other Information. The parties acknowledge and agree that one of the metrics to
             be recorded is the performance of the Food Truck based on where, how and when it was/is
             deployed for use at the Sales Locations. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that due to the
             developing stage of the Food Truck Program, Chick-fil-A may require the reporting of
             additional or different information regarding the Operator’s use and operation of the Food
             Truck and more detailed or different information regarding the sales and cost performance of
             the Food Truck than is usual or otherwise customary at present with regard to a Chick-fil-A
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement                10
(Sole Proprietorship)
