3.      Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Agreement, the Operator shall pay an additional franchise fee with
        respect to the Additional Business of Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) upon the
        execution of this Amendment, which when paid to Chick-fil-A shall be deemed fully earned and
        non-refundable.

4.      Chick-fil-A currently estimates that the Additional Business will be opened (or the Operator’s
        Commencement Date for the Additional Business pursuant to this Amendment will be)
        approximately __________, 20__, based on Chick-fil-A’s current projections of openings and the
        availability of existing restaurant businesses; provided, however, Chick-fil-A does not represent or
        warrant in any way that the Additional Business actually will be open or available for the Operator
        to commence the Additional Business on or after this date.

5.      The Operator and the Operator-Owner hereby agree that the Additional Business described above
        shall be governed by the terms of the Agreement and the Assignment, as amended by this
        Amendment. Pursuant to Section 2.6 of the Agreement, the Concession Agreement and any Prime
        Lease, Ground Lease or other rental obligations of the Operator with respect to the Additional
        Business shall be attached to the Concession Sublicense Agreement for the Additional Business
        which is attached as Exhibit “A” to this Amendment.

6.      This Amendment, including the Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession
        Agreement attached as Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Concession Sublicense
        Agreement, shall be attached to, incorporated in, and become and constitute a part of the
        Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment, shall have the
        meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

7.      Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree to all of their respective obligations
        under the Assignment and the Agreement as if entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again
        this day (with this Amendment, including the Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached
        Concession Agreement attached as Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Concession Sublicense
        Agreement) and reaffirm the continuing existence and validity of the Agreement and the
        Assignment. Subject to their terms and conditions, as modified by this Amendment, the Agreement
        and the Assignment are in full force and effect as of the date of this Amendment, and shall remain
        in full force and effect.

8.      Pursuant to the Assignment and this Amendment, the Operator-Owner agrees to be personally
        bound by, and personally liable for the breach of, each and every term and condition of the
        Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in this Amendment and the
        Concession Sublicense Agreement including its attached Concession Agreement attached as
        Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Concession Sublicense Agreement. Nothing contained
        in this Amendment shall be deemed to relieve the Operator-Owner of any of his/her obligations
        contained in the Assignment or the Agreement. The Operator-Owner further agrees to, and by this
        instrument does hereby, guarantee the performance by the Operator, in the same manner and with
        the same recourse against the Operator-Owner, as if the Operator-Owner were the Operator, of all
        of the Operator’s obligations, commitments, duties and liabilities under the Agreement, including
        without limitation the provisions contained in this Amendment and the Concession Sublicense
        Agreement including its attached Concession Agreement attached as Exhibit “A” and any other
        exhibits to the Concession Sublicense Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the Operator-
        Owner irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to Chick-fil-A that: (i) the Operator shall pay
        all amounts to be paid and otherwise comply with all provisions of the Agreement or any other
        agreements with Chick-fil-A or its affiliates concerning the operation of the Businesses; and (ii) if
        the Operator defaults in making any such payments or complying with any such provisions, the
Addendum “2-B” to Franchise Agreement             2
