                        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                                              Chick-fil-A, Inc.
                                           A Georgia Corporation
                                           5200 Buffington Road
                                           Atlanta, Georgia 30349
                                               (404) 765-8000
                                            www.chick-fil-a.com




The franchisee will operate a franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business which is a quick-service restaurant
specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich.

The total investment necessary to begin operation of a traditional franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
is from $426,735 to $2,339,525. This includes $10,000 that must be paid to the franchisor or any affiliate.

This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other information
in plain English. Read this Disclosure Document and all accompanying agreements carefully. You must
receive this Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make
any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. Note, however,
that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this document.

You may wish to receive your Disclosure Document in another format that is more convenient for you. To
discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Franchisee Selection Team, Chick-fil-A,
Inc., 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998 and (404) 765-8000.

The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don’t rely on the Disclosure Document
alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your contract and this Disclosure
Document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant.

Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this Disclosure Document can help you make
up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a Franchise,”
which can help you understand how to use this Disclosure Document, is available from the Federal Trade
Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for
additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources of information on
franchising.

There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.

                                           Issued: March 31, 2025




OPERATOR PROGRAM
