         To account for the different forms of occupancy agreements that are used for traditional locations,
captive venue units, and delivery kitchen units and other differences, three different forms of the Additional
Business Amendment are attached as exhibits to the Franchise Agreement (which is attached as Exhibit B
to this Disclosure Document). The form used for a traditional, non-captive venue Chick-fil-A Restaurant
business (the “Additional Business Amendment for Traditional Unit”) attaches the Lease (and, as
applicable, any underlying prime lease or ground lease) as an exhibit. The form used for a non-traditional,
captive venue Chick-fil-A Restaurant business (the “Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue”)
attaches the Concession Sublicense Agreement as an exhibit, with its attached Concession Agreement. The
form used for a non-traditional, delivery kitchen Chick-fil-A Restaurant business (the “Additional Business
Amendment for Delivery Kitchen”) attaches the Delivery Kitchen Agreement as an exhibit, with its
attached DK Lease. You will sign the form of the Additional Business Amendment that applies to the
particular additional Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. In this Disclosure Document the term “Additional
Business Amendment” refers to either the Additional Business Amendment for Traditional Unit, the
Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue, or Additional Business Amendment for Delivery
Kitchen, as applicable. As noted above, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to revise the form and terms of the
Franchise Agreement that Chick-fil-A offers in the future, which in the case of an additional business will
include the Additional Business Amendment, as well as the Franchise Agreement.

        If you are signing the Franchise Agreement to become a franchised Operator of an initial business
that is a captive venue unit, instead of signing the Lease(s) attached as an exhibit to the Franchise
Agreement, you will sign the Concession Sublicense Agreement (and its attached Concession Agreement)
in the same form as attached to the Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue. The form of
Concession Sublicense Agreement attached to the Additional Business Amendment for Captive Venue is
the applicable form whether the captive venue unit is your initial business or an additional Chick-fil-A
Restaurant business.

        Once you have operated your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business for some period of time,
Chick-fil-A may offer you the opportunity to also operate one or more custom mobile food trucks to allow
you to sell a limited menu of Chick-fil-A brand products at multiple pre-approved sales locations. Food
trucks may service certain captive audience locations such as schools, universities, sports stadiums, office
buildings, theme parks and the venues for music, art and sporting events, festivals and fairs, and other unique
locations. Food trucks are currently offered to franchised Operators to operate only as an extension and
part of an existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant location that can support the operation of the food truck by
providing storage for ingredients and other inventories and serving as a commissary for the production or
preparation of certain products or ingredients. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the
opportunity to operate a food truck and reserves the right to never offer you the opportunity to operate a
food truck. The terms and conditions for operating a food truck offered to you by Chick-fil-A in connection
with an existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant you operate will be governed by your Franchise Agreement as
amended by a food truck license agreement that governs your use of the food truck.

         In some instances, Chick-fil-A leases the food truck from a third party and you must sublease the
food truck from Chick-fil-A. In such instances, your license to operate the food truck and the sublease to
use and occupy the food truck are combined in a food truck license and sublease agreement, together with
its attached third-party food truck lease between Chick-fil-A and the third party (collectively, the “Food
Truck License and Sublease Agreement”). When signed, the Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement,
including its attached third-party food truck lease, is incorporated in and made a part of the Franchise
Agreement. The current forms of the Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement are attached as an
exhibit to the Franchise Agreement (which is attached as Exhibit B to this Disclosure Document). In other
instances, Chick-fil-A does not lease the food truck from a third party, and you must lease the food truck
directly from an approved third-party supplier. In these instances, your license to operate the food truck and
the lease to use and occupy the food truck are set forth separately in a food truck license and an attached
third-party food truck lease between you and the approved third-party supplier of the food truck lessor
(collectively, the “Food Truck License Agreement with attached Lease”). When signed, the Food Truck
License Agreement with attached Lease is incorporated in and made a part of the Franchise Agreement.
                                                      6
