certificate of formation, by-laws, operating agreement, law or regulation or agreement applicable to the
Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner, or this Agreement or the DK Lease. The Operator and if
applicable the Operator-Owner each further covenants and agrees to comply with all laws and regulations
applicable to the Operator and the Operator-Owner, respectively, during the Term in conjunction with the
Operator’s or as applicable the Operator-Owner’s performance of the DK Lease as sublicensee or sublessee.

                  (b)     By taking possession of the Site, the Operator acknowledges and agrees that the
Operator has inspected the Site and the improvements on the Site and found them to be in a safe,
satisfactory, and completed condition. The Site, including the Equipment and the Leasehold Improvements
in and on the Site, are provided to Operator by Chick-fil-A and/or Licensor “AS IS” and “WHERE IS” and
without any warranty of any kind from Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A expressly disclaims any representations
or warranties, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Site, including the Equipment
and the Leasehold Improvements, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose.

                    (c)      Menu; Order Fulfillment; and Order Processing.

                           (1)      The menu of Products that may be offered, sold and distributed from the
DK in connection with this Agreement will be limited to the Products authorized under the DK Lease and
stated on the DK Summary attached as Exhibit A. Except as authorized by Chick-fil-A to conduct any particular
Permitted Activities, Products produced and/or held in the DK may only be sold or distributed from the DK for the
fulfillment of Orders received at the Designated Business(es) or by the DK directly or on behalf of the Designated
Business(es), and may not be sold, delivered, or given away to the Designated Business, other business(es) to which
Operator has the right to operate under the Franchise Agreement, if any, to direct onsite customers or consumers
or any customers located elsewhere not involving Orders, or to other Chick-fil-A® franchised Operators or their
businesses.

                            (2)      During the Term, Operator has the right to decide which Orders it will direct
from the Designated Business(es) to the DK for fulfillment. If at any time during the Term it is not operationally
feasible for the DK to fulfill a particular Order due to order volume, food safety matters (e.g., holding times),
temporary operational issues or other bona fide reasons, a Designated Business may fulfill the Order and will
record the Gross Receipts for the transaction and otherwise report and account for the transaction as part of the
Designated Business and its corresponding report of Gross Receipts for Fee Calculation Report (“FCR”) purposes.
Operator agrees to use best efforts to avoid and otherwise minimize instances when the DK cannot and does not
fulfill an Order referred to or otherwise received by the DK.

                          (3)      The DK will produce and/or hold in inventory all Ingredients, Products and
Product components necessary to conduct the Business during the Term and will be independent of the Designated
Business(es) with regard to operations, including storage and production. Except as authorized by Chick-fil-A to
conduct any particular Permitted Activities, all Products and Product components sold or distributed from the D K
must be freshly produced in the DK, and no Products or Product components will be freshly produced in the
Designated Business(es) or elsewhere, including any commissary, unless Operator requests and then receives
written consent from Chick-fil-A. Product production and the manner of delivery, storage and holding of Product,
Product components and Ingredients, in the DK will be performed according to Chick-fil-A's then-current Minimum
Standards, including any Guidelines for Delivery Kitchen Units or the Business prepared by Chick-fil-A and
delivered to or otherwise made available to Operator from time to time. The provisions, terms and conditions of
the Franchise Agreement concerning the sources for purchase of Products and Ingredients will apply to the sources
of Products and Ingredients to supply the DK. Any transportation of Products, Ingredients, promotional items,
and other items by Operator or any vendor will conform to all applicable health, sanitation, food handling, food
transportation and insurance requirements provided by law and/or the requirem ents contained in the Franchise
                                                        5
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
