entire year, of which 197 were located in malls, 2,179 were located in non-mall environments (e.g., free-
standing or drive-thru only units), and 4 were located in delivery kitchen environments (i.e., delivery
kitchens). Non-captive venue franchised Operator Chick-fil-A Restaurants located in malls and non-captive
venue franchised Operator Chick-fil-A Restaurants located in non-mall and delivery kitchen environments
are similar with respect to their operations and receive similar services from Chick-fil-A. Because
franchised non-captive venue Operator Chick-fil-A Restaurants located in malls and franchised non-captive
venue Operator Chick-fil-A Restaurants located in non-mall and delivery kitchen environments achieve
generally different levels of financial performance, financial performance representations have been
included for each type of restaurant in order to provide information relevant to prospective Operators.

        Some franchised Operator Chick-fil-A Restaurants have sold this amount. Your individual
results may differ. There is no assurance that you’ll sell as much.

         You are urged to consult with appropriate financial, business and legal advisors in connection with
the information set forth in this analysis.

         The Financial Performance Representations do not reflect the costs of sales or operating expenses
that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your net income or profit. The
best source of cost and expense data may be from Operators and former Operators, some of whom may be
listed in Item 20.

       Written substantiation of the data used in preparing the financial performance representation will
be made available to you upon reasonable request.

        Chick-fil-A may provide you with supplemental information relating to the projected sales of a
Chick-fil-A Restaurant at a specific location (the “Supplemental Information”). Any Supplemental
Information will be in writing and will explain how it differs from the information contained in this Item
19.

         Other than the preceding financial performance representations and any Supplemental Information
provided to you, as described above, Chick-fil-A does not make any financial performance representations.
We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally
or in writing. With regard to an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of
that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance information or projections of your future income,
you should report it to the franchisor's management by contacting Chris Arbery, Officer VP, Legal -
Employment, Franchise & Litigation, telephone number (404) 765-8000, the Federal Trade Commission,
and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.




                                                     77
