        Chick-fil-A does not know of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect
your use of any CFA Properties patent and/or the inventions of patent applications.

        Proprietary Information: As also described in Item 13, CFA Properties owns proprietary rights to,
and has licensed to Chick-fil-A the right to use and to sublicense others to use, a number of the products that
Chick-fil-A sells and the ingredients and preparation techniques and methods used in preparing them, as well as
all development and research records, market research data and information contained in Chick-fil-A’s
operations and training manuals, or other materials or documents given to you by Chick-fil-A or treated
by Chick-fil-A as confidential. Chick-fil-A’s seasoning and seasoned coater are two of these primary
proprietary items.

          The Franchise Agreement requires you to acknowledge that you are likely to be given access to Chick-
fil-A’s trade secrets, confidential information and other proprietary matters, that this information is proprietary
and that its protection is necessary for the proficient and standardized operation of all Chick-fil-A Restaurants.

         The Franchise Agreement further requires you to agree that you will not, during the time you are
operating a Chick-fil-A Restaurant or at any time afterward, without the express prior written consent of Chick-
fil-A, publish or disclose to anyone or use other than as approved or required by Chick-fil-A, any of Chick-fil-
A’s confidential information that is a trade secret under the laws and decisions of the State of Georgia, or a trade
secret of CFA Properties under the laws and decisions of the State of Delaware. You must also abide by the
same covenant as to Chick-fil-A’s other confidential information, but only during the term of your Franchise
Agreement and for a period of two years following any expiration or termination of that Agreement.

        Except for the license between CFA Properties and Chick-fil-A described above, no other agreement
limits Chick-fil-A’s right to use or sublicense the use of any CFA Properties trade secrets, confidential
information and other proprietary matters.

         Copyrights: Every CFA Properties original work of authorship fixed in a tangible medium of
expression is protected by copyright law. Chick-fil-A has the sole right to determine whether to register
any copyright-protected work. For example, CFA Properties owns copyrights in the operations and training
manuals and materials as well as video tapes used in training and other items, including, without limitation,
certain advertising, promotional and marketing items and materials which CFA Properties has licensed to
Chick-fil-A for its own use and to sublicense to others to use.

        There currently are no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office (Library of
Congress) or any court regarding any of the copyrighted materials. Except for the license between CFA
Properties and Chick-fil-A described above, no other agreement limits Chick-fil-A’s right to use or
sublicense the use of any CFA Properties copyrighted materials. Further, there are no infringing uses known
to us which could materially affect your use of the copyrighted materials in any state.



                                                     Item 15

                           OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE
                      ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

         Your Franchise Agreement requires you to devote your full time and personal best efforts to operate
your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business to attempt to achieve the highest sales and profits possible and
to diligently develop and promote the reputation and the goodwill of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
business, Chick-fil-A and CFA Properties’ marks. This requirement will, for all practical purposes, require you
to directly supervise your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. As a result, you will have to keep free
from conflicting enterprises or any other activities which would interfere with your exertion of your full time
and personal best efforts to operate your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business.
                                                        63
