4.       Chick-fil-A currently estimates that the Additional Business will be opened (or the Operator’s
         Commencement Date for the Additional Business pursuant to this Amendment will be)
         approximately __________, 20__, based on Chick-fil-A’s current projections of openings and the
         availability of existing restaurant businesses; provided, however, Chick-fil-A does not represent or
         warrant in any way that the Additional Business actually will be open or available for the Operator
         to commence the Additional Business on or after this date.

5.       The Operator hereby agrees that the Additional Business described above shall be governed by the
         terms of the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. Pursuant to Section 2.6 of the
         Agreement, any Prime Lease, Ground Lease or other rental obligations of the Operator with respect
         to the Additional Business shall be attached to the Lease for the Additional Business which is
         attached as Exhibit “A” to this Amendment.

6.       This Amendment, including the Lease attached as Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Lease,
         shall be attached to, incorporated in, and become and constitute a part of the Agreement.
         Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment, shall have the meaning
         ascribed to them in the Agreement.

7.       The Operator acknowledges and agrees to all of his/her obligations under the Agreement as if
         entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again this day (with this Amendment, including the
         Lease attached as Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Lease) and reaffirms the continuing
         existence and validity of the Agreement. Subject to its terms and conditions, the Agreement is in
         full force and effect as of the date of this Amendment, and shall remain in full force and effect.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Chick-fil-A, Inc. and the Operator, intending to be legally bound,
have duly executed and delivered this Amendment as of the day and year first above written.



                                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.


                                                  By:

                                                  Title:

                                                  Date:




                                                  OPERATOR



                                                  Printed Name:

                                                  Date:




Addendum “1-A” to Franchise Agreement
