              operation and use of the Food Truck, normal wear and tear excepted, (ii) remove all personal
              property from the Food Truck, and (iii) clean and remove all debris and trash from the Food
              Truck. Any personal property not removed will be deemed conclusively abandoned and may be
              removed and disposed of by Chick-fil-A, without compensation to the Operator. In the event the
              Operator fails to return the Food Truck in such condition and at such time and location as
              directed by the Food Truck Lessor or, as applicable, Chick-fil-A, the Operator will reimburse
              Chick-fil-A for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with returning the Food Truck to the
              good order, condition and repair as existed immediately prior to the Operator’s operation and
              use of the Food Truck, normal wear and tear excepted.

         l.   Insurance. The Operator will obtain and maintain in full force and effect, at the Operator’s
              own expense, insurance (provided by an approved supplier as designated and approved by
              Chick-fil-A) to cover the Food Truck and its contents and inventory. In addition, the Operator
              will obtain and maintain in full force and effect, at the Operator’s own expense, any additional
              insurance coverage which may be necessary or required (i) to operate the Food Truck, and (ii)
              under the Food Truck Lease, the Franchise Agreement, applicable law or otherwise. The
              Operator will provide Chick-fil-A and, as required under the Food Truck Lease, the Food Truck
              Lessor immediate notice of (A) any casualty loss (that is, loss or damage to the Food Truck or
              to the CFA Proprietary Equipment, for which Chick-fil-A will be the sole loss payee) that may
              result in an insurance claim and (B) any liability claim (that is, any injury to any person or
              damage to any property in any way involving the Food Truck). The Operator will cooperate
              fully with Chick-fil-A and, as required under the Food Truck Lease, the Food Truck Lessor in
              the reporting, investigation, adjustment, and settlement of any insurance coverage claims
              arising from the Food Truck.

         m. Reporting of Other Information. The parties acknowledge and agree that one of the metrics to
            be recorded is the performance of the Food Truck based on where, how and when it was/is
            deployed for use at the Sales Locations. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that due to the
            developing stage of the Food Truck Program, Chick-fil-A may require the reporting of
            additional or different information regarding the Operator’s use and operation of the Food
            Truck and more detailed or different information regarding the sales and cost performance of
            the Food Truck than is usual or otherwise customary at present with regard to a Chick-fil-A
            Restaurant. The Operator will provide such reports and other information regarding Gross
            Receipts and the costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with the operation and use
            of the Food Truck and the Sales Locations, and such other information Chick-fil-A may request
            from time to time.

         n. Approvals, Licenses, Permits; Compliance with Law. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties
            in writing, the Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will seek as soon as practicable
            and will obtain and maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement all necessary
            regulatory approvals, licenses, and permits for and applicable to the operation of the Food
            Truck for the Licensed Use at the Sales Locations. The Operator will comply with and obey
            all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

         o. Cooperation. The Operator, at the Operator’s sole cost and expense, will cooperate with Chick-
            fil-A as necessary for the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A to fulfill their respective duties and
            obligations under this Agreement, the Food Truck Lease and the Pilot Lease Agreement.

    8. Additional Terms. Chick-fil-A will have the following rights, obligations, and responsibilities with
       regard to the operation and use of the Food Truck during the term of this Agreement:

         a. Delivery of Food Truck. Subject to Sections 6 and 14 and the Food Truck Lease, Food Truck
            Lessor will deliver the Food Truck to the Operator for the Licensed Use pursuant to the terms

Food Truck License Agreement                           8
(Sole Proprietorship)
