                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                     REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF WISCONSIN

    In recognition of the requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§ 135.01
    through 135.07, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the State of
    Wisconsin shall be amended as follows:

               1.       Item 17, item b, under the subheading entitled “Renewal or extension of term,” for
the Franchise Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
Agreement, shall be replaced in its entirety by the following language:

                Automatically extended for one year periods unless written notice is given at least
                ninety (90) days prior to the end of the existing term by either party. Chick-fil-A
                will not refuse to renew the Franchise Agreement without good cause.

               2.       Item 17, item c, under the subheading entitled “Requirements for franchisee to
renew or extend,” for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and
any Delivery Kitchen Agreement, shall be replaced in its entirety by the following language:

                Automatic renewal unless you or Chick-fil-A give written notice of nonrenewal at
                least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the existing term. Chick-fil-A will not
                refuse to renew the Franchise Agreement and the Lease, any Concession
                Sublicense Agreement or any Delivery Kitchen Agreement without good cause.

                3.     Item 17, item e, under the subheading entitled “Termination by franchisor without
cause,” for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement, shall be replaced in its entirety by the following language:

                Chick-fil-A can terminate you upon 90 days prior written notice to you. Chick-fil-
                A can also terminate you immediately upon notice to you and payment of the
                greater of $1,000 or an amount determined by a formula, or within the first 90 days
                of the term without notice or any payment, upon termination of the lease or any
                concession agreement or DK Lease for the site or upon your death. We will not
                terminate you without good cause.

                 4.     Item 17, item i, under the subheading entitled “Franchisee’s obligations on
termination/nonrenewal,” for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease, any Concession Sublicense
Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement, shall be supplemented with the addition of the following
language at the conclusion of the item:

                Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement by Chick-fil-A, at your option,
                Chick-fil-A must repurchase, at fair wholesale market value, all inventory bearing
                Chick-fil-A’s trademarks sold by Chick-fil-A to you for resale under the Franchise
                Agreement.


                5.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:
                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               WISCONSIN ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
