modifications to the DK Lease (including with regard to any covenants or restrictions and any final, new
or substituted fees payable to Licensor). Chick-fil-A will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to notify
the Operator of any amendment or modification impacting the Site, but any delay or lack of notice will not
affect the Operator’s consent, agreement, waiver or release granted above, or the validity or enforceability
of any amended or modified provision agreed to by Chick-fil-A and Licensor from time to time.

               (g)     The Operator will not make any agreement with Licensor which does or could
modify, amend, cancel or terminate the DK Lease.

                  (h)     Chick-fil-A and Operator acknowledge and agree that the actual title of the DK Lease
may differ from the words “DK Lease” and the definitions assigned to Chick-fil-A and Licensor may also differ
from the terms used in this Agreement, but for purposes of this Agreement the terms “ DK Lease,” “licensor”,
“licensee”, “lessor” and “lessee” will be used to refer to the corresponding title and terms actually used in the
DK Lease. For example, the agreement granting Chick-fil-A the right to use and occupy the Location may be
called a “License Agreement,” and Chick-fil-A may be referred to as "Licensee."

                (i)      Chick-fil-A is as applicable subleasing or sublicensing to the Operator, subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, only those rights acquired by Chick-fil-A by virtue of the DK
Lease. The DK Lease describes Licensor’s duties which Licensor, and not Chick-fil-A, is obligated to
perform. If Licensor fails to perform its duties under the DK Lease, the Operator must send Chick-fil-A
written notice describing Licensor’s default in detail. Upon receipt of the notice, Chick-fil-A will then
promptly notify Licensor and demand performance of the DK Lease. In the event the Operator wishes to
engage the services of an attorney to settle any disputes arising out of the DK Lease, all fees and costs will
be borne by the Operator, it being understood that Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to bring or defend any
action brought by or against the Operator or Licensor.

                 (j)     The Operator acknowledges that there may be certain provisions in the DK Lease,
including any provision against competition among the licensees, tenants or concessionaries of the overall
premises in which the Site is located, requiring performance by other licensees, tenants or concessionaries
within the premises or by the Licensor. Chick-fil-A will not be liable for any breach or default of any of
these provisions by any other licensees, tenants or concessionaries within the overall premises or by the
Licensor, or for Licensor’s failure, inability (whether temporary or indefinite), or simple refusal, to enforce
any of these provisions. The Operator further acknowledges that Chick-fil-A will have no obligation
whatsoever to require Licensor to enforce any provision against any other licensees, tenants or
concessionaires.

               (k)      This Agreement is not and shall not be interpreted or deemed to be an assignment
of the DK Lease to the Operator. It is the express intent of the parties to enter into a sublicense or sublease
agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator and not to make an assignment of the DK Lease to the
Operator.

          3.        Operator Warranties and Obligations.

                  (a)    The Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner pursuant to any applicable
Assignment and Consent to Assignment (the “Assignment”) and the Additional Business Amendment, each
represents and warrants to Chick-fil-A that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
the Operator and if applicable the Operator-Owner will not contravene any certificate of incorporation or
certificate of formation, by-laws, operating agreement, law or regulation or agreement applicable to the
Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner, or this Agreement or the DK Lease. The Operator and if
applicable the Operator-Owner each further covenants and agrees to comply with all laws and regulations

                                                       4
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Business Entity)
