                                 AMENDMENT TO THE
                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA

        In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 through
80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of
Commerce, Minn. Rules. §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930 (collectively, the “Minnesota Franchise Act”),
the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) and its
attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ____________, or its attached Concession Sublicense
Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any attached Additional Business
Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement
as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional Business Amendment,
individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

         1.     Sections 2 and 24 of the Franchise Agreement, under the headings entitled “Term and
Additional Businesses” and “Termination,” Sections 2 and 10 of the Lease entitled “Site, Term and Use,”
and “Default, Termination and Remedies,” and Sections 4 and 7 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement
or Delivery Kitchen Agreement entitled “Term; Termination,” and “Default; Termination and Expiration,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                The Minnesota Franchise Act provides franchisees with certain termination and
                non-renewal rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14 (subd. 3, 4, and 5) currently
                requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’
                notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice of nonrenewal of
                the Franchise Agreement. If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease or any
                Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement contain(s) a
                provision that is inconsistent with the Minnesota Franchise Act, the provisions of
                the Franchise Agreement, the Lease and/or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement will be superseded by the Minnesota Franchise
                Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.

         2.      Section 20.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Use of the Marks,”
shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:

                20.3. CFA Properties and Chick-fil-A shall have the sole and exclusive right, in
                their sole business judgment, to protect and defend the Marks at their own expense.
                The Operator agrees to cooperate with CFA Properties and Chick-fil-A in the
                defense and protection of the Marks and shall promptly and fully advise Chick-fil-
                A of all knowledge the Operator has concerning any use of a trade name, trademark
                or other mark that may infringe upon any of the Marks. Chick-fil-A agrees to
                defend the Operator against any third-party claim, suit, or demand arising out of
                the Operator’s use of the Marks. If Chick-fil-A, in its sole business judgment,
                determines that the Operator has used the Marks in accordance with this
                Agreement, the cost of such defense, including the cost of any judgment or
                settlement, shall be borne by Chick-fil-A. If Chick-fil-A, in its sole business
                judgment, determines that the Operator has not used the Marks in accordance with
                this Agreement, the cost of such defense, including the cost of any judgment or
                settlement, shall be borne by the Operator.



                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  MINNESOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
