Lease, any Concession             Section in
Sublicense Agreement and         franchise or                              Summary
any Delivery Kitchen                other
Agreement                         agreement
          Provision
                                                Business Amendment expires, you or any of your officers,
                                                directors, members, employees, agents or contractors
                                                (including, the Operator-Owner, as applicable) performs any
                                                act, neglects to perform any duty or fails to adhere to any
                                                standard of conduct that would constitute a violation or default
                                                under the prime lease, the ground lease or any title document
                                                (or any related document) the Concession Agreement or DK
                                                Lease, as applicable, you or Operator-Owner file for
                                                bankruptcy, make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
                                                are adjudicated insolvent or a receiver is appointed for you or
                                                Operator-Owner or your or Operator-Owner’s respective
                                                property or an involuntary petition is filed against you or
                                                Operator-Owner and not dismissed or stayed within 60 days,
                                                or you vacate or abandon the premises of the Chick-fil-A
                                                Restaurant business. We can terminate any Concession
                                                Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement upon
                                                ten days’ written notice for failure to diligently apply for and
                                                pursue the required permits and licenses to operate the captive
                                                venue unit or failure to open the captive venue unit within
                                                forty-five days after equipment is installed and Concessionor
                                                or licensor, as applicable, completes construction and
                                                provides access (or earlier if required). We can terminate any
                                                Delivery Kitchen Agreement upon ten days’ written notice
                                                for failure to diligently apply for and pursue the required
                                                permits and licenses to operate the delivery kitchen or failure
                                                to open the delivery kitchen unit within forty-five days after
                                                equipment is installed and licensor completes construction
                                                and provides access (or earlier if required).
i. Franchisee’s obligations on    Lease 10      You must immediately vacate your Chick-fil-A Restaurant
   termination/non-renewal       Concession     premises and permit the peaceful possession of the premises
                                 Sublicense     by Chick-fil-A. Also see item i of the table above for the
                                  Agr. 4, 7     Franchise Agreement.
                                 DK Agr. 4, 7
j. Assignment of contract by      Lease 14      No restriction on Chick-fil-A’s right to assign.
   franchisor                    Concession
                                 Sublicense
                                   Agr. 9
                                  DK Agr. 9
k. “Transfer” by franchisee –     Lease 14      Includes any transfer or assignment of the agreement or in a
   defined                       Concession     business entity to which you have assigned the Franchise
                                 Sublicense     Agreement for convenience of ownership and any attempt to
                                   Agr. 9       sublet or encumber the premises upon which your franchised
                                                Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located.
                                  DK Agr. 9

                                                 72
