               or other territorial rights in the Sales Locations (as defined below) or any market areas
               surrounding or otherwise contiguous with any Sales Location are granted, implied or to be
               inferred. All rights and licenses not expressly granted to the Operator under this Agreement
               are reserved exclusively by and unto Chick-fil-A.

          c. Term. Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Section
             4.e or Section 14 or as stated on the Food Truck License Summary, or pursuant to the Franchise
             Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) will commence as of the
             Effective Date of this Agreement and will end on the Thirty-First day of December of the year
             in which the Effective Date occurs. The Initial Term, together with any and all extensions of
             the Initial Term and subject to the rights for earlier termination or expiration pursuant to this
             Agreement or the Franchise Agreement, is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as the
             “Term.” Unless this Agreement or the Franchise Agreement or the Food Truck Lease (as
             defined below) is terminated earlier, the Term of this Agreement will be automatically extended
             for successive additional periods of one (1) year, unless written notice of intent not to renew
             either the Franchise Agreement or this Agreement is given by either party to the other at least
             thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Term; provided, however, that this Agreement may not
             be renewed if the Operator does not have the right to renew the Franchise Agreement or does
             not have the right to renew the Franchise Agreement with respect to the Business or the
             Franchise Agreement is terminated or otherwise not renewed, as provided in Section 2.3 of the
             Franchise Agreement. In addition to Chick-fil-A’s right to amend or modify the Food Truck
             Lease pursuant to this Agreement, Chick-fil-A will have the right to change the terms and
             conditions of this Agreement upon a renewal of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to Section
             2.4 of the Franchise Agreement (and renewal of this Agreement) by giving the Operator a
             written notice of the changed terms and conditions at least forty-five (45) days prior to the end
             of the then-current Term, in which case the Operator will have fifteen (15) days from the date
             of the notice to decide and to notify Chick-fil-A in writing of the Operator’s decision to either
             renew or not renew this Agreement upon the changed terms and conditions offered. The
             Operator’s failure to provide timely notice to Chick-fil-A of a decision to either renew or not
             renew this Agreement upon the changed terms and conditions offered will be deemed to be an
             election by the Operator to terminate this Agreement at the end of such Term.

     3. Licensed Use. The Food Truck will be used for the sole purpose of operating the Food Truck as
        an extension and part of the Business to produce, hold, sell and distribute certain Products to
        customers from the Food Truck at the Sales Locations (as defined in Section 5) for the Term
        pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, including
        the limited License and the Food Truck License Summary (the “Licensed Use”). The Operator will
        use the Food Truck solely for the Licensed Use and for no other purpose.

     4. Food Truck Lease; Sublease. During the Term, and subject to the terms of this Agreement, Chick-
        fil-A grants to Operator a sublease for the use and occupancy of the Food Truck. The Operator’s
        use of the Food Truck is subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and the lease attached
        as Exhibit “B” to this Agreement and any other exhibits to the attached lease (the “Food Truck
        Lease”), made a part of this Agreement by this reference. The Operator agrees to use and operate
        the Food Truck in accordance with the Food Truck Lease and otherwise comply in all respects with
        the terms and conditions of the Food Truck Lease, as the same may be amended or changed by
        Chick-fil-A (as prime lessee) and Banc of America Leasing & Capital or its permitted assignee (as
        prime lessor) (“BALC”), from time to time:

          a. Compliance with Agreements. Neither the Operator nor its employees, agents, contractors or
             invitees will perform any act, neglect to perform any duty or fail to comply with any standard



Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              5
(Sole Proprietorship)
