t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                    Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                   promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr. 12
                                                   Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                   our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                   its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                   provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                   law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                   all of the provisions listed above.

        12.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease
and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item v under the
heading entitled “Choice of forum” and item w under the heading entitled “Choice of law” ” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end in the summary:

        The above choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon
        Chick-fil-A or upon you by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New
        York, Article 33.

        13.     Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
        of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
        with the franchise.

         14.     Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of New York General
Business Law, Article 33, Section 680 through 695, and of the Codes, Rules, and Regulations of the State
of New York, Title 13, Chapter VII, Section 200.1 through 201.16 are met independently without reference
to this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document.




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
