        This Disclosure Document addresses and concerns the offering of a franchise to a prospective
Chick-fil-A Operator. The person who becomes a franchised Chick-fil-A Operator will be referred to as
“you” or “the Operator” throughout this Disclosure Document.

        Some Chick-fil-A Operators commence operating new Chick-fil-A -Restaurants and some
Operators commence operating existing Chick-fil-A Restaurants. Chick-fil-A seeks prospective Operators
on a continuing basis and offers some of them the right to become franchised Operators depending on their
qualifications and the availability and location of restaurants needing an Operator.

        The Chick-fil-A Restaurant: A Chick-fil-A Restaurant is a limited-menu, quick-service
restaurant with its primary product being a boneless breast of chicken sandwich known as a Chick-fil-A®
Chicken Sandwich. In addition to the Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich, menu items at a Chick-fil-A
Restaurant include the Chick-fil-A Spicy Chicken Sandwich, Chick-fil-A Grilled Chicken Sandwich,
Chick-fil-A Nuggets, Chick-fil-A Chick-n-Strips® Cool Wrap, Chick-fil-A Waffle Potato Fries, salads
and soft drinks, as well as hand-spun milkshakes, Chick-fil-A Lemonade and a variety of breakfast items,
including our Chick-fil-A Chicken Biscuit, Egg White Grill, Hash Brown Scramble Burrito, Chick-n-
Minis®, and berry parfait items.

         Franchised Operator and company and affiliate owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants are established in
free-standing locations (“free-standing units”) as well as in non-free-standing locations, including mall and
in-line units (sometimes referred to collectively as “mall units”), locations which are drive through only
(“drive-thru only units”) and non-traditional locations where Chick-fil-A has direct access to the owners,
licensors or managers of the location premises and can conduct a (i) restaurant business concession without
the need to utilize Licensees or prospective Licensees (“captive venue units”), or (ii) delivery kitchen
delivery focused location restaurant business (“delivery kitchen units”). Mall units are generally located in
shopping malls and shopping centers. In-line units are generally located in shopping centers, office
buildings and downtown areas. As its name implies, a drive-thru only unit does not provide eat-in, dining
room service. Captive venue units are generally located in office buildings, big-box stores, downtown
areas, schools, universities, sports stadiums, theme parks and other similar captive audience locations.
Captive venue units may feature and serve only a limited number of menu items, and may be seasonal or
open limited hours. Delivery kitchen units are located in centralized delivery-focused locations, like
delivery kitchens, focus on the fulfillment of catering, customer delivery and digital orders, and feature a
purely or overwhelmingly digital ordering experience and minimal to no direct customer service at the
restaurant location. There are some differences between the contractual relationships established for each
type of unit described above, which are noted in this Disclosure Document.

         Chick-fil-A’s franchise relationship with its Operators is governed and defined by a written
franchise agreement including its attached lease(s) (or other occupancy agreement(s) for captive venue units
and delivery kitchen units), which is referred to in this Disclosure Document as a “Franchise Agreement”.
The lease(s) attached as an exhibit to, made a part of and incorporated by reference into your Franchise
Agreement (the “Lease”) governs your occupancy of each restaurant premises under the Franchise Agreement
controlled by Chick-fil-A. In some instances where Chick-fil-A, as lessee under a prime lease or ground
lease, subleases the Chick-fil-A Restaurant premises to an Operator, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chick-
fil-A may be the landlord of the premises. As of this Disclosure Document’s issuance date, Chick-fil-A is
affiliated with the following entities that may lease a Chick-fil-A Restaurant site to Chick-fil-A for which
you may be a sub-lessee: (1) CFA NC Townridge Square LLC, a Georgia limited liability company formed
on December 31, 1998, with an address of 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349, (2) CFA Real
Property I, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company formed on June 26, 2007, with an address of 5200
Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349, and (3) FSU Holdings One, LLC, a Georgia limited liability
company formed on December 7, 2007, with an address of 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349.

        Captive venue units are located in non-traditional restaurant premises and are typically governed by a
concession agreement between Chick-fil-A (or its affiliate) and the owner or manager of the premises (the
“Concession Agreement”). The Concession Agreement typically governs Chick-fil-A’s occupancy of the
                                                       3
