set forth and otherwise required pursuant to Section 7 of the Franchise Agreement and any additional or
greater insurance coverage requirements which may be necessary or required (i) to conduct the Permitted Activities, or
(ii) under the DK Lease or any prime lease or ground lease, applicable law or otherwise. If the Operator fails to
obtain the required insurance, Chick-fil-A may at its option, but is not obligated to, purchase the insurance,
and the Operator will reimburse Chick-fil-A pursuant to Subsection 5(f). Additionally, Chick-fil-A may
elect, in Chick-fil-A’s sole and exclusive business judgment, and the Operator may authorize Chick-fil-A
from time to time to purchase and administer the required minimum insurance on the Operator’s behalf. In
any event, by placing any required minimum insurance, Chick-fil-A assumes no responsibility for coverage
or premium expenses nor guarantees coverage or payment for any losses sustained by the Operator.

                 (j)      Subject to the terms and conditions of the DK Lease, Chick-fil-A and its designees
will have the right to enter and inspect the Site at any time on any Business Day, without notice to the
Operator, to insure that the Operator and all aspects of the Site are in compliance with this Agreement, the
DK Lease and all then current Minimum Standards and Guidelines as described and/or defined in the
Franchise Agreement.

                  (k)      Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, Operator, at Operator's sole cost and
expense, will seek as soon as practicable and will obtain and maintain at all times during the Term of this
Agreement all necessary regulatory approvals, licenses, and permits for and applicable to the operation of the DK
for the Licensed Use at the DK Location. Operator will comply with and obey all applicable laws, rules and
regulations.
                  (l)      Operator, at Operator's sole cost and expense, will cooperate with Chick-fil-A as necessary
for Operator and/or Chick-fil-A to fulfill their respective duties and obligations under this Agreement.

                  (m)     The Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner reaffirms the provisions of
Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement as applicable to the Delivery Kitchen Unit, and each acknowledges
and agrees that the Delivery Kitchen Unit involves risk, and the success or lack of success of any Chick-
fil-A Business is unknown. The Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner each has made its own
independent determination of the viability of and within this location and is not relying on any
representations or claims whatsoever as to the actual or prospective profitability, ease of operation, success
or failure, costs to construct, of this or any other Chick-fil-A delivery kitchen restaurant business located
within Licensor's premises.

          4.        Term; Termination.

                 (a)      Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement or in the Franchise
Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement with respect to the Delivery Kitchen Unit (the “Initial Term”)
will commence as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and will end on the Thirty-first Day of December
of the year in which the Effective Date occurs. The Initial Term, together with any and all extensions of
the Initial Term and subject to the rights for earlier termination or expiration pursuant to this Agreement or
the Franchise Agreement, is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as the “Agreed Term” or the “Term.”
Unless this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement or the DK Lease is terminated earlier, the Agreed Term
of this Agreement will be automatically extended for successive additional periods of one (1) year, unless
written notice of intent not to renew either the Franchise Agreement or this Agreement is given by either
party to the other at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Agreed Term; provided however, this
Agreement may not be renewed if the Operator does not have the right to renew the Franchise Agreement
or does not have the right to renew the Franchise Agreement with respect to the Delivery Kitchen Unit or
the Franchise Agreement is otherwise terminated or not renewed, as provided in Section 2.3 of the Franchise
Agreement. In addition to Chick-fil-A’s right to amend or modify the DK Lease pursuant to this
Agreement, Chick-fil-A will have the right to change the terms and conditions of this Agreement upon a
                                                          7
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
