              and conditions of the Food Truck Lease. All upfit work requested by Operator must be
              completed using vendors identified by Chick-fil-A and reasonably acceptable to the Food
              Truck Lessor. Upfit work may include the installation of specialty equipment that is the
              property of Chick-fil-A or separately acquired by Chick-fil-A (all such specialty equipment
              being known as “CFA Proprietary Equipment”). The CFA Proprietary Equipment will at all
              times remain the property of Chick-fil-A or its designee, and Operator will make no claim of
              ownership or any other right in the CFA Proprietary Equipment whatsoever. Chick-fil-A will
              not be liable for any loss or damage to the Operator due to a delay or failure to deliver the
              Food Truck in any event whatsoever, regardless of whether such delay or failure is within
              Chick-fil-A’s control. Without limiting the above, Chick-fil-A will have no liability for any
              delay or failure to deliver resulting from fire, act of God, destruction or damage to the Food
              Truck, weather conditions, strike, labor dispute, delay in transportation, governmental
              requirements or any other cause within or beyond Chick-fil-A’s control.

         b. Use of Reported Information. Chick-fil-A will have the right and the Operator authorizes
            Chick-fil-A to account for the Gross Receipts, fees, costs, expenses and taxes incurred and to
            make calculations and allocations to the Operator’s Business as may be authorized or otherwise
            required under the Franchise Agreement and in order to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.

    9. Compliance with Franchise Agreement. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the
       Operator will comply with all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement with regard to the Food
       Truck and the Licensed Use even if not specifically described or referred to in this Agreement,
       including, but not limited to, Section 5 DAMAGE TO SITE, EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD
       IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY, Section 12 STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS,
       SANITATION AND BUSINESS CONDUCT, Section 18 TRADE SECRETS AND
       CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, Section 19 USE OF THE MARKS, Section 24
       TERMINATION, Section 25 FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP, Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION,
       and Section 28 GENERAL PROVISIONS (including, without limitation, with regard to the
       parties’ choice of Georgia law and a Georgia forum to resolve their disputes as set forth in
       Section 28.10 thereof, the waiver of any right to trial by jury as set forth in Section 28.15 thereof
       and the Operator’s agreement not to pursue any class claims as set forth in Section 28.13 thereof),
       and such provisions will be read to apply also to this Agreement. To the extent that there is a
       conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the express terms of
       this Agreement will control with respect to the Licensed Use authorized under this Agreement and
       the limited License granted for the Licensed Use. In addition, the Operator must not do anything
       in connection with the Sales Locations or the Food Truck that would adversely impact Chick-fil-
       A’s reputation or image in the community and will not use or conduct operations from the Food
       Truck on Sunday or Christmas Day.

    10. Sole and Exclusive Property of Chick-fil-A; Confidential Information and Ideas. The Operator
        acknowledges and agrees that the Food Truck Program, including but not limited to the
        development of the Food Truck and the program, this Agreement (and any of its terms), the system-
        wide negotiated terms of the Food Truck Lease, the design and specifications, menu selection,
        marketing methods and strategies (including social media), sales, cost, data and analysis relating to
        the Food Truck Agreement, and any Guidelines and Methods developed for the Food Truck
        (including, without limitation, the CFA Proprietary Equipment) are the sole and exclusive property
        of Chick-fil-A, and constitute Intellectual Property and Confidential Information under the
        Franchise Agreement. Under this Agreement, the Operator will not acquire any ownership interest
        or other right in and to the Food Truck Program, the Food Truck, its equipment, furnishing and
        fixtures (including, without limitation, the CFA Proprietary Equipment), associated Guidelines and
        Methods, Intellectual Property or Confidential Information, except for the temporary right and
        License to operate the Food Truck for the Licensed Use at the Sales Locations as expressly provided
        in this Agreement. Under Section 18.5 of the Franchise Agreement, any idea, concept, technique
Food Truck License Agreement                          9
(Sole Proprietorship)
