t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6       Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                   schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                   (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                   you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                   Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                   may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                   including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                   All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                   California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                   to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        6.       The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item n, under the subheading “Franchisor’s right of first refusal to acquire franchisee’s
business” shall be amended to read as follows:

n. Franchisor’s right of first      Lease 14.5     See item n of the table above for the Franchise Agreement.
   refusal to acquire               Concession
   franchisee’s business            Sublicense
                                      Agr. 9
                                    DK Agr. 9


        7.    The Item 17 table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                    Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                   promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr. 12
                                                   Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                   our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                   its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                   provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                   law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                   all of the provisions listed above.


        8.      Item 17, “Renewal Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” shall be amended by
the addition of the following paragraph(s) at the conclusion of the Item for the table for the Franchise
Agreement and the table for the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
Agreement:

                The following notice is required to be inserted in this Franchise Disclosure Document by
        the State of California whenever an applicable provision is included in a franchise agreement.


                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
