                    the terms of the Franchise Agreement. All Chick-fil-A fees and charges will remain the same as
                    under the Franchise Agreement (e.g., BOSF and AOSF).

                11. Permitted Activities (under Section 2 of the Delivery Kitchen Agreement), as may be determined,
                    commenced, discontinued, modified and interpreted in Chick-fil-A's sole and exclusive business
                    judgment:

                    h. Third-Party On-Demand Delivery — Customer orders Chick-fil-A menu items through a
                       third-party app. Order is fulfilled by the DK Location and delivered by third-party delivery
                       driver to the customer's location. Operator has the right to perform its own deliveries from
                       the DK Location (“CFA Deliveries”), or Operator may use Licensor or another third-party
                       delivery service, other than Licensor (“3PD”), to perform deliveries from the DK Location;
                       provided, however, if, prior to the date of this Delivery Kitchen Agreement, a 3PD, a
                       competing third-party catering provider, or other ordering platform (including CFA’s
                       website or mobile channels) has not previously performed deliveries from the DK Location,
                       then Operator must provide at least sixty (60) days' written notice to Licensor prior to using
                       a 3PD for deliveries.*
                    i. Operator-Led Delivery — Chick-fil-A branded delivery. Operator's team members make
                       deliveries. [*See restriction in 11.a., above.]
                    j. Chick-fil-A Catering Delivery [*See restriction in 11.a., above.]
                    k. Mobile Order Pickup and Catering Pickup
                    l. Additional Distribution Points
                    m. In-house Dining
                    n. Staff Training

               12. Additional Terms/Information:
                    f.   Parking:

                    g. The DK Location will be treated as a separate Business for FCR purposes.

                    h. The calculation and payment of all fees and other operating costs and expenses related to the
                       operation of the DK Location that are due will be calculated, as applicable, under the terms of
                       the Franchise Agreement and the DK Lease.

                    i.   During the term of the DK Lease, Licensor may include the DK Location in the Licensor’s
                         marketing and catering programs, as well as Licensor’s social media, e-mail campaigns
                         and local press releases. Operator, at its sole cost and expense, must comply with
                         Licensor’s marketing and social media criteria and programs, a copy of which if any is
                         attached to the DK Lease.

                    j.   Operator must meet and complete all Licensor required compliance items.




                                                           2
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
Exhibit A Summary - Data Sheet
