materials and other items bearing our trademarks, and all other items necessary or optional for preparing
products sold in your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. We are exploring potential renewable
energy sources to provide power to and from some Chick-fil-A Restaurants. We anticipate that solar panels
will be installed at several Chick-fil-A Restaurants in the test of one or more renewable energy programs.
We also anticipate that electric vehicle charging stations will be installed at several Chick-fil-A Restaurants
in the test of other renewable energy programs and/or in order to meet applicable legal mandates. If you
participate in a renewable energy program in the future, equipment from suppliers we designate, which may
include solar panels and electric vehicle charging stations and related services, may be installed at your
Chick-fil-A Restaurant, and you may need to enroll in a supplemental power or other supply agreement
with an energy or other provider we designate. You may not buy from any supplier that we have not yet
approved in writing, and you must stop buying from any supplier who we approve initially, but later
disapprove. For purposes of this Item 8, a “supplier” may be a manufacturer, distributor or wholesale/retail
establishment which carries the product or related services. A “manufacturer” makes the product or
provides the service; a “distributor” acquires the product from the manufacturer and ships the product to
you.

         In order to, among other things, take advantage of marketplace efficiencies and volume pricing,
Chick-fil-A negotiates and enters into certain system-wide purchase and distribution arrangements with
suppliers for many supplies, ingredients, food and beverage products, produce and other items and services
used in, or in connection with the operation of, Chick-fil-A Restaurants. Among its approved suppliers,
Chick-fil-A encourages and reserves the right to require its Operators to use its system-wide purchase and
distribution programs for their purchases of most supplies, ingredients, food and beverage products,
produce, other items and services necessary for operating and promoting a Chick-fil-A Restaurant. When
considering whether to approve any particular supplier or to enter into any particular arrangement, Chick-
fil-A considers, among other things, the following factors: whether the supplier can show, to our reasonable
satisfaction, the ability to meet our then-current standards and specifications; whether the supplier has
adequate quality controls and capacity to meet the Chick-fil-A system’s needs promptly and reliably; and
whether the supplier’s approval or the particular supplier arrangement would enable the Chick-fil-A system
as a whole, in our sole and exclusive business judgment, to take advantage of marketplace efficiencies and
volume pricing.

        In some circumstances, for example with respect to certain produce, bread and other product
purchases for some Chick-fil-A Restaurants located in some geographic areas, we may require that you
make purchases locally. Under these circumstances, we may require that you seek local suppliers for
perishable items like bread and produce, but we reserve the right to approve your sources for these items in
accordance with our then-current standards and specifications.

         If you are operating a mall unit, we will negotiate and enter into a prime lease for the premises. In
addition, we also negotiate and enter into prime leases for the free-standing and drive-thru only units which we
do not own. In either case, you are a sublessee of the premises and must comply with the obligations imposed
on Chick-fil-A as primary lessee of the premises. See Items 5 and 6 above. In some instances, Chick-fil-A
will own the premises on which free-standing units are operated. Whether Chick-fil-A owns or leases the
premises for your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business in a traditional location, you -are required to
make lease payments directly to Chick-fil-A.

          If you are operating a captive venue unit, we will negotiate and enter into a Concession Agreement with
the owner or manager of the premises, for the right to occupy and conduct the Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
at the premises. You will enter into the Concession Sublicense Agreement with us and you will be a sub-licensee
(technically a sub-concessionaire) of the premises and must comply with the obligations imposed on Chick-fil-
A as primary licensee (technically concessionaire) of the premises. See Items 5 and 6 above.

         If you are operating a delivery kitchen unit, we will negotiate and enter into a DK Lease with the owner,
licensor or manager of the premises, for the right to occupy, use and conduct the Chick-fil-A Restaurant business
at the premises. You will enter into the Delivery Kitchen Agreement with us and you will be a sub-licensee or
                                                       38
