              Truck License Summary Form and substituted and attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A and
              made a part of this Agreement. At Chick-fil-A’s election, the program described in Section
              14.12 of the Franchise Agreement shall apply to the Operator’s payment obligations described
              in this Agreement with respect to the Food Truck and any other payment obligations of the
              Operator hereunder, and any adjustment or increases thereto.

         d. Additional Fees, Costs and Expenses. All additional fees, costs and expenses associated with
            the operation and use of the Food Truck, participation in the Food Truck Program and the
            Licensed Use will be borne by the Operator, either made by the Operator directly or reimbursed
            to Chick-fil-A, as applicable, and will include, among other things, all Products, Ingredients
            and all other food and drink items, cleaning and office supplies, equipment and all other things
            purchased by the Operator for use in the operation of the Food Truck, all labor expense and
            wages for staffing and servicing the Food Truck and its operations and any other costs and/or
            expenses incurred in connection with the operation and use of the Food Truck and participation
            in the Food Truck Program, including payments due under the Food Truck Lease (including
            without limitation the monthly funding payment, charges for additional services and any other
            fees, charges and payments due under the Food Truck Lease).

         e. Payment of Taxes. Payment of any sales, use or excise tax, any apportioned personal property
            tax or any other tax arising from the Licensed Use, the Sales Locations, the sale and distribution
            of Products and promotional items, the lease of the Food Truck or the presence of the Food
            Truck at the Sales Locations, will be made by the Operator, directly or reimbursed to Chick-
            fil-A, as applicable. The parties acknowledge and agree that sales, use, or similar taxes may
            be due and payable even when Products and promotional items are given away and not sold.

         f.   Marketing and Advertising. All promotional items used in connection with the Food Truck,
              including the use of any social networking sites and web-based advertising, will constitute
              marketing and advertising materials pursuant to the provisions, terms and conditions of the
              Franchise Agreement and will be subject to Chick-fil-A’s review and prior approval.

         g. Other Food Truck Program-Related Agreements. Negotiation and signature of any agreements
            or other arrangements regarding the use of the Food Truck for the Licensed Use will be the
            responsibility of and be performed by the Operator. The Operator will have no authority to
            bind Chick-fil-A by contract or otherwise to any agreement with a third party. The Operator
            will ensure that all aspects of the Sales Locations and the use of the Food Truck at the Sales
            Locations comply with and satisfy Chick-fil-A’s Minimum Standards, including any
            Guidelines for the Food Truck Program prepared by Chick-fil-A and delivered to or otherwise
            made available to the Operator from time to time. Chick-fil-A’s grant of the License for the
            Licensed Use is not a guaranty, recommendation, warranty or endorsement by Chick-fil-A that
            the Licensed Use will prove beneficial for the Operator or that the terms of any agreement for
            the use of the Food Truck at the Sales Locations are advantageous to the Operator.

         h. Sale of Products; Gross Receipts. Gross receipts generated as a result of sales from the Food
            Truck will be included in the Gross Receipts of the Operator’s Business pursuant to the
            Franchise Agreement and will otherwise be treated as sales occurring outside of the Restaurant
            in accordance with Chick-fil-A’s then-current standards and procedures. Further, the Operator
            agrees to maintain separate books and records to track the gross receipts, operating costs and
            expenses resulting from the operation of the Food Truck. The Operator agrees to maintain such
            books and records for at least five (5) years and provide them to Chick-fil-A’s Tax Department,
            if required or requested, upon a sales, sales tax or other audit.

         i.   Food Truck Staffing. The Operator will provide employees from the Business to fulfill the
              Operator’s staffing needs for the proper use and operation of the Food Truck. All employees

Food Truck License Agreement                          6
(Business Entity)
