connection with the Operator’s entry into the Franchise Agreement and if applicable this Agreement (the
“FDD”). No representations, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to
this Agreement (including the attached DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if
applicable), the Additional Business Amendment or in the FDD were made by either party and none will
have any effect with reference to this Agreement. No officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-
fil-A is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this Agreement
(including the attached DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional
Business Amendment or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation of any
provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and signed by Chick-fil-A.

                (c)     This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and at various times and
at various places by the several parties, all of which counterparts taken together will be deemed as one
original. Executed copies of this Agreement, whether delivered by electronic transmission or otherwise,
will be deemed to be as effective as original signatures.

         13.     Severability. Each and every provision of this Agreement is severable, and invalidity of
one or more provisions will not, in any way, affect the validity of this Agreement or any other provision of
this Agreement. If any phrase, clause or provision in this Agreement is deemed to be invalid by a court of
competent jurisdiction, to the extent permitted by applicable law, it will not be stricken in its entirety and
held totally void and unenforceable, but will remain effective to the maximum extent permissible.

        14.      Captions. The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only
and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

          15.       Acceptance of Risk of DK Program. Operator and if applicable Operator-Owner acknowledge
and agree that the DK Program and Operator’s participation in the DK Program under this Agreement involves
substantial risks, including without limitation third-party licensor risk and delivery service business risks. Operator and
if applicable Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that each of Operator and if applicable Operator-Owner is aware
of the risks and that each of Operator and if applicable Operator-Owner agrees to bear the risk of the success or failure
of the DK Program and the DK in reliance solely on Operator's and if applicable Operator-Owner's own business
judgment.




                                             [Signature Page Follows.]




                                                           15
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
