        applicable state law, no other representations or statements of any kind have induced the Operator
        to sign this Agreement; the Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A’s representations in the most recent
        Franchise Disclosure Document that Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits
        and any amendments or supplements, in connection with the Operator’s entry into the Franchise
        Agreement and if applicable this Agreement (the “FDD”). Chick-fil-A cautions the Operator not
        to rely on any representations, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or
        attached to this Agreement (including as applicable the attached Concession Agreement or DK
        Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional Business
        Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD because, among other things, no officer, employee, or
        other servant or agent of Chick-fil-A was or is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or
        other promise not contained in this Agreement (including as applicable the attached Concession
        Agreement or DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional
        Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver
        or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and
        signed by Chick-fil-A.


        8.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
        and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
        as an independent business person.

       9.        The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        10.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect
to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment Law are met
independently without reference to this Amendment.




                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                SOUTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
