         7.       Default; Termination and Expiration. In addition to the termination and expiration
provisions in Section 2 and Section 4 of this Agreement, this Agreement and the rights granted under this
Agreement may be terminated for a default under this Agreement or the DK Lease in the manner provided
in the Franchise Agreement or the DK Lease. A default by the Operator under the DK Lease will also be a
default under this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement. Subject to Section 8 of this Agreement, if this
Agreement is terminated or expires, then the Franchise Agreement shall also immediately and automatically
terminate or expire as to the Delivery Kitchen Unit, and at the election of Chick-fil-A, in the exercise of its
sole and exclusive business judgment, as to one or more or all of any other of the Businesses operated under
the Franchise Agreement, effective as of the effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement
upon delivering written notice of termination to Operator, without any further obligation or liability to the
Operator. The rights granted under this Agreement, including the sublicense granted in Subsection 2(a) of
this Agreement, will also immediately and automatically terminate or expire effective as of the effective
date of termination or expiration of this Agreement, and Chick-fil-A will have the right to enter upon and
take possession of the Site and the Delivery Kitchen Unit without further formality and without the
necessity of any court action, dispossessory proceeding, or further notice or legal proceedings whatsoever.
The Operator agrees to vacate the Site and the Delivery Kitchen Unit immediately upon the termination or
expiration of this Agreement or the DK Lease and the accompanying sublicense and to permit the peaceable
possession of the Site and the Delivery Kitchen Unit by Chick-fil-A or, at Chick-fil-A’s election, a Chick-
fil-A affiliate or another Chick-fil-A franchisee. Chick-fil-A may operate the DK Location(s) directly or
through an affiliate or may offer the right to operate the DK Location(s) to another franchisee.

         8.       Survival. Upon the termination, expiration, or suspension of this Agreement, all
obligations under this Agreement and under the Franchise Agreement that expressly or by their nature are
intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any
limitations of liability, and the Operator’s and if applicable, the Operator-Owner’s reporting, payment and
indemnification obligations to Chick-fil-A (as well as any like obligations under the Franchise Agreement
and if applicable the Assignment, which were incorporated by reference into this Agreement and the
Additional Business Amendment, will survive the termination, expiration or suspension of this Agreement.

         9.       Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment. Except as specifically
provided in this Agreement, the Operator, and if applicable, the Operator-Owner, respectively, will comply
with all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Assignment with respect to this
Agreement, the Site and the Delivery Kitchen Unit, even if not specifically described or referred to in this
Agreement. As a reminder, but in no way limiting the application of all of the other provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, the provisions of the Franchise Agreement include: Article 5 DAMAGE TO SITE,
EQUIPMENT OR LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, PERSONAL INJURY, Article 7 INSURANCE,
Article 12 STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS, SANITATION AND BUSINESS CONDUCT, Article 18
TRADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, Article 19 USE OF THE MARKS, Article
21 TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST, Article 22 REMEDIES, Article 24 TERMINATION, Article 25
FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP, Article 27 INDEMNIFICATION, and Article 28 GENERAL
PROVISIONS. Article 28 GENERAL PROVISIONS includes provisions with regard to notices as set forth
in subsection 28.1, the parties’ choice of Georgia law and a Georgia forum to resolve their disputes as
set forth in subsection 28.9 and subsection 28.10, the waiver of any right to trial by jury as set forth in
subsection 28.15 and Operator’s agreement not to pursue any class claims as set forth in subsection 28.13.
Pursuant to the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Additional Business Amendment to which this
Agreement is attached, these and all of the other applicable provisions of the Franchise Agreement will be
read to apply also to this Agreement. To the extent that there is a conflict between the terms of this
Agreement and the Franchise Agreement and if applicable the Assignment, the express terms of this
Agreement will control with respect to the Licensed Use authorized under this Agreement and the limited
                                                      12
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Sole Proprietor)
