          Chick-fil-A (PR) LLC (“CFA Puerto Rico”) is our affiliate. CFA Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rico
limited liability company formed on August 26, 2020. CFA Puerto Rico’s principal business address is
5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998. CFA Puerto Rico offers franchises and licenses for
the development of a system of retail quick-service restaurants only in Puerto Rico under the trademark
“Chick-fil-A” specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich. CFA Puerto Rico offers its franchises
and licenses under separate Puerto Rico Disclosure Documents. CFA Puerto Rico may also operate various
Chick-fil-A and other restaurants itself from time to time in Puerto Rico in the future directly or through its
affiliates and subsidiaries. CFA Puerto Rico began operations in July 2021.

         Chick-fil-A (UK) Limited (“CFA UK”) is our affiliate. CFA UK is a private company limited by
shares, incorporated in the United Kingdom on February 13, 1997. The registered office address of CFA
UK is 12 New Fetter Lane, United Kingdom, EC4A 1JP. CFA UK offers franchises and licenses for the
development of a system of retail quick-service restaurants in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland under
the trademark “Chick-fil-A” specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich. CFA UK may also operate
various Chick-fil-A and other restaurants itself from time to time in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland
in the future directly or through its affiliates and subsidiaries.

        CFA Servco, Inc. (“CFA Servco”) is our affiliate. CFA Servco is a Virginia corporation formed
on January 1, 2016. CFA Servco was originally formed June 29, 2004 as a Colorado corporation, converted
to a Florida corporation effective December 31, 2012 and converted to a Virginia corporation effective
January 1, 2016. CFA Servco’s principal business address is 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia
30349-2998. CFA Servco administers a gift card program for Chick-fil-A company-owned restaurants,
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants and Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. CFA Servco may be the only approved
supplier of gift card services for the geographic area where it operates. CFA Servco began operations in
2004.

        Truett’s Group, LLC (“Truett’s”) is our affiliate. Truett’s is a limited liability company formed in
Georgia under the name Dwarf House Group, LLC on November 3, 2017. The name of the company was
changed to Truett’s Group, LLC on January 1, 2025. Truett’s principal place of business is 5200 Buffington
Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998. Truett’s operates a group of heritage-inspired restaurants, which
include approximately eighteen Dwarf House, Truett’s Grill and other legacy brand restaurants. Chick-fil-
A acquired one hundred percent (100%) of the membership interests in Truett’s from STC Brands, Inc. on
October 31, 2024. The restaurants owned and operated by Truett’s are licensed to offer and sell Chick-fil-
A products, but are not included in the restaurant headcount or statistics set forth in Item 19, or counted as
"company-operated" outlets for purposes of Item 20. Truett’s and these restaurants are discussed further
below in Item 1 and in Item 12.

        Chick-fil-A, Inc.’s Agents for Service of Process. A list of our agents for service of process in
various states is contained in Exhibit “A” to this Disclosure Document.

          Chick-fil-A’s Business: Chick-fil-A’s principal business is the development of a system of retail
quick-service restaurants specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich. Most of these restaurants are
operated by franchised operators who are separate and independent business people or, as applicable,
entities. Chick-fil-A franchised operators (which include individuals and business entities) are sometimes
referred to in this Disclosure Document as “Operators”. Chick-fil-A also operates various Chick-fil-A and
other restaurants itself from time to time and may do so in the future directly or through its affiliates and
subsidiaries. Chick-fil-A also has granted licenses to Chick-fil-A licensees (“Licensees”) and continues to
offer licenses to prospective Licensees who have access to certain non-traditional locations such as schools,
workplaces, universities, airports, hospitals and other similar captive audience locations to sell Chick-fil-A
brand products at these locations (“Licensed Units”). The limited-menu, quick-service restaurants operated
by Chick-fil-A, its affiliates and subsidiaries, its franchised Operators and its Licensees are sometimes referred
to in this Disclosure Document as “Chick-fil-A Restaurants.” Chick-fil-A offers licenses to operate Licensed
Units under a separate Disclosure Document.

                                                        2
