          Agreement, including, but not limited to, limitations of liability, and the Operator’s reporting,
          payment and indemnification obligations to Chick-fil-A and/or BALC, will survive the termination,
          expiration or suspension of this Agreement, including the sublease granted in Section 4 of this
          Agreement, the Food Truck Lease, and the termination of the Franchise Agreement, if applicable.

     16. Communications; Notices; Designated Contact. All notices provided for in this Agreement will be
         deemed given on the day of hand-delivery or overnight delivery or three (3) days after being sent
         by registered or certified mail, if sent from the United States, or by the equivalent thereof if sent
         from other country or jurisdiction, return receipt requested, address to the party to be served at the
         following address:

                      If to Chick-fil-A:
                      Chick-fil-A, Inc.
                      5200 Buffington Road
                      Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
                      Attn: Lynette E. Smith

                      If to the Operator and/or the Operator-Owner:
                      At the address set forth on the signature page of the Franchise Agreement

          Or to such other address as may be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party.

     17. Not Independent Franchise. The Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that
         the Operator’s participation in the Food Truck Program and the grant of the License to use the Food
         Truck at the Sales Location pursuant to this Agreement is made upon the request of and as an
         accommodation to the Operator and the Operator-Owner in connection with the Franchise
         Agreement and the Business, and is entirely voluntary on the part of the Operator and the Operator-
         Owner and does not constitute an independent or separate franchise or franchise agreement.

     18. Affirmation of Franchise Agreement and the Assignment. The Operator and the Operator-Owner
         acknowledge, affirm and agree to all of their respective covenants and obligations under the
         Franchise Agreement and the Assignment as if entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again
         this day (with this Agreement, including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck
         Lease) and reaffirm the continuing existence and validity of the Franchise Agreement and the
         Assignment. The Operator and the Operator-Owner covenant that, subject to their terms and
         conditions as modified by this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement and the Assignment are in full
         force and effect as of the date of this Agreement, and will remain in full force and effect, subject to
         their terms.

     19. Operator-Owner Guaranty. Pursuant to the Assignment and this Agreement, the Operator-Owner
         agrees to be personally bound by, and personally liable for the breach of, each and every term and
         condition of the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in this
         Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck Lease). Nothing
         contained in this Agreement will be deemed to relieve the Operator-Owner of any of the Operator-
         Owner’s obligations contained in the Assignment or the Franchise Agreement. The Operator-
         Owner further agrees to, and by this instrument does hereby guarantee the performance by the
         Operator, in the same manner and with the same recourse against the Operator-Owner, as if the
         Operator-Owner were the Operator, of all of the Operator’s obligations, commitments, duties and
         liabilities under the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in
         this Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck Lease). Without
         limiting the above, the Operator-Owner irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to Chick-fil-
         A: (i) that the Operator will pay all amounts to be paid and otherwise comply with all provisions
         of the Franchise Agreement, this Agreement or any other agreements with Chick-fil-A or its
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              12
(Business Entity)
