              and the Operator-Owner will be solely and exclusively responsible for any and all liability of
              the Operator and/or Chick-fil-A, for (i) personal injury, death or otherwise, and (ii) damage to
              personal property or real property caused by or resulting from the negligent or intentional action
              or misfeasance of the Operator, the Operator-Owner, the Operator’s employees, agents,
              contractors, invitees or customers. In addition, the Operator and the Operator-Owner will be
              solely and exclusively responsible for any and all liability of Food Truck Lessor as provided in
              the Food Truck Lease.

         b. The Operator and the Operator-Owner do hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
            Chick-fil-A and any subsequent operator of the Food Truck or a like business at the Sales
            Location and/or the Food Truck Lessor as provided in the Food Truck Lease, against all
            judgments, settlements, penalties, expenses, attorneys’ fees, court costs and other costs of
            litigation or administrative proceedings incurred by or imposed on Chick-fil-A or any
            subsequent operator of the Food Truck or a like business at the Sales Location as if provided
            for and included under Section 27 INDEMNIFICATION of the Franchise Agreement, which
            will apply in full to this Agreement and the use and operation of the Food Truck, including
            without limitation in the event of any damage, loss or claim described in this Section 13.

         The Operator’s and the Operator-Owner’s obligations under Subsections 13.a. and b. above (and
         Sections 5 and 27 of the Franchise Agreement) will apply with respect to, among other things, the
         Sales Location, the Food Truck and any personal property of any person or entity, any personal
         injury or death, any claim, demand or penalty, and any suit or other judicial or administrative
         proceeding arising out of or relating to or in connection with the Sales Locations, the Food Truck
         or this Agreement, as applicable, all of which will be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the
         Operator and the Operator-Owner. This section is not intended to and does not convey any benefits
         to any third party and does not prevent the Operator or Chick-fil-A from seeking indemnification
         from another third party whose actions, or the actions of such third party’s employee, were the
         source of any injury, damage or loss. This section is in addition to any obligations of the Operator
         and the Operator-Owner to Food Truck Lessor and others that may be named in the Food Truck
         Lease.

    14. Default; Termination.

              a. The rights granted under this Agreement are contingent upon the Franchise Agreement,
                 this Agreement, and the Food Truck Lease, being in full force and effect and the Operator
                 otherwise being in good standing at the effective date of this Agreement and at all times
                 during the term of this Agreement. If prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement,
                 the Franchise Agreement is terminated or expires with respect to the Business or the Food
                 Truck Lease is terminated or expires, this Agreement will automatically terminate or expire
                 at the same time. If the Franchise Agreement is in default at the effective date of this
                 Agreement or at any time during the term of this Agreement (and has not been terminated),
                 such default will also constitute a default by the Operator under this Agreement, and Chick-
                 fil-A may terminate the Operator’s rights under this Agreement or suspend such rights until
                 the default is cured.

              b. This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder may be terminated by Chick-fil-A for a
                 default by the Operator under this Agreement or a default of the Food Truck Lease, without
                 also terminating the Franchise Agreement, provided that Chick-fil-A, in the exercise of its
                 sole and exclusive business judgment, shall have the right at its election to also terminate
                 the Franchise Agreement as to the Business and one or more or all of any other of the
                 Businesses operated under the Franchise Agreement by providing written notice to the
                 Operator pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Subject to Section 15, this
                 Agreement and the rights granted under this Agreement, will terminate automatically upon

Food Truck License Agreement                           11
(Business Entity)
