        signed by Chick-fil-A.

        12.      Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

        Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve
        risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the
        Operator as an independent business person.

        13.     Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General
Provisions,” Section 14.10 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled
“Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language:

                The Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement each requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the State
        of California. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        14.      Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
Section 14.8 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of any Concession
Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled “Compliance with
Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following
language:

                The Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement each requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State
        of California. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

       15.       The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

        28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
        acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
        franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
        franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
        by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
        supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        16.       Notwithstanding the contents of this Amendment, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to attempt
to enforce all of the provisions set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense
Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement listed above in which the parties have indicated that the
“provision may not be enforceable under California law.”

        17.     The parties acknowledge and agree that each provision of this Amendment to the Franchise
Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall
be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional (and any other then-current requirements) of the
California law applicable to the provision are met independent of and without reference to this Amendment.
This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements (or any other then-current
requirements) are not met.

                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
