Additional Lease/License Costs

The amount of any Additional Lease/License Costs for the site (as that term is used and reflected in the chart above)
could be different and set higher than $0.00 in certain situations. For example, if Chick-fil-A has purchased the
primary site and then leases from a third-party and then subleases to you additional parking or other facilities either
before or after the Commencement Date, then the Annual Percentage Rent Breakpoint will be adjusted on your Rent
Calculation Report for the site to account for any Additional Lease/License Costs you are obligated to pay. If the
additional parking sublease in the example above or any other similar additional lease/license cost item was
$12,000/ year, or $1,000/ month, the Annual Percentage Rent Breakpoint would be set at $200,000 ($12,000 / 6%),
not $0.00.

Additional Charges and Expenses

In addition to Rent, your monthly Lease payments to Chick-fil-A for this Site are subject to and will include any
Additional Charges and Expenses due under the Lease (as such term is defined in Section 1 and as more specifically
described in Section 3.3 of this Lease). Additional Charges and Expenses due under the Lease include, without
limitation, taxes, common area maintenance (CAM) charges, and other additional or extra charges and rents.

Lease Changes

Your obligations and/or rental payments for this Site may be subject to renewal and/or renegotiation with Chick-fil-
A during the term of your Franchise Agreement and this Lease. As a result, your monthly Lease payments to Chick-
fil-A could change, including, without limitation, the calculation of Base Rent, Percentage Rent, and Additional
Charges and Expenses.

Commencement Date

Your actual Commencement Date may vary from the projected Commencement Date. The projected
Commencement Date may not necessarily be during the first year of the term under any applicable document. Base
Rent and Percentage Rent terms may increase, decrease or otherwise change if the actual Commencement Date
varies from the projected Commencement Date and/or in accordance with the terms and provisions of your
Franchise Agreement and this Lease.

Franchise Agreement and Lease Control

The notes are added as a summary explanation. You should refer to the Franchise Agreement and this Lease (and
specifically the Ground Lease attached as Exhibit “B” to this Lease) to review specific terms and provisions. In the
event of a conflict or inconsistency between the information provided in this Rent Calculation Report or this Lease,
the terms of this Lease shall govern and control; provided, however, any then current specific and enumerated
economic terms regarding the amount of or basis for calculating the Rent for the Site set forth in the then current Rent
Calculation Report shall prevail in the event of any conflict with any generic terms regarding the amount of or basis
for calculating the Rent set forth in the Lease.




Lease
