          use of the Food Truck is subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and the lease attached
          as Exhibit “B” to this Agreement and any other exhibits to the attached lease (the “Food Truck
          Lease”), made a part of this Agreement by this reference. The Operator agrees to use and operate
          the Food Truck in accordance with the Food Truck Lease and otherwise comply in all respects with
          the terms and conditions of the Food Truck Lease, as the same may be amended or changed by
          Chick-fil-A (as prime lessee) and Banc of America Leasing & Capital or its permitted assignee (as
          prime lessor) (“BALC”), from time to time:

          a. Compliance with Agreements. Neither the Operator nor its employees, agents, contractors or
             invitees will perform any act, neglect to perform any duty or fail to comply with any standard
             of conduct that would constitute a violation of the Food Truck Lease, this Agreement or the
             Franchise Agreement;

          b. No Further Subleases; No Amendments. Operator will not enter into any lease agreements or
             other agreements allowing parties other than Operator or Chick-fil-A rights concerning
             possession, use, operation, or control of the Food Truck without the prior written approval of
             Chick-fil-A and, as determined by Chick-fil-A, BALC, and Chick-fil-A and will not modify
             amend or extend the time for payment or performance in any material respect of its obligations
             under any agreement relating to Operator’s use of the Food Truck without the express prior
             written consent of BALC;

          c. Subordination. The rights of the Operator in and to the Food Truck will be subject and
             subordinate to the rights of BALC under the Food Truck Lease as provided in the Food Truck
             Lease, and the Operator will not assert or claim any right, title or interest as the owner or holder
             of legal or equitable title to the Food Truck, including any of its equipment, furnishing and
             fixtures (except proprietary equipment and equipment installed to customize the Food Truck
             for operation as an extension of a franchised Chick-fil-A restaurant business, subject to the
             rights of Chick-fil-A);

          d. Payments. Subject to the terms of Section 7(c) of this Agreement, Chick-fil-A will pay the
             lease rental payment described in the Food Truck Lease directly to BALC per the terms of the
             Food Truck Lease;

          e. Termination. The Food Truck Lease and all of the Operator's rights in and to the use and
             possession of the Food Truck will terminate, at the option of BALC, upon the expiration or
             earlier termination of the Food Truck Lease by reason of the occurrence of an Event of Default
             under the Food Truck Lease or otherwise, and the Operator will thereupon return the Food
             Truck to Chick-fil-A or at Chick-fil-A’s election and direction to BALC in accordance with all
             of the terms and provisions of the Food Truck Lease and of this Agreement;

          f.   Cost of Performance. If the Operator fails to perform any of its obligations under this
               Agreement, including under the attached Food Truck Lease, Chick-fil-A, at its option, may
               (but is not required to) do the same or cause the same to be done, in addition to any and all
               other rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A. The cost incurred by Chick-fil-A in connection with
               performance by Chick-fil-A will be an additional charge due from the Operator to Chick-fil-A,
               together with interest pursuant to Section 14.11 of the Franchise Agreement.

     5. Sales Location and Hours of Operation. For each proposed instance of a Licensed Use of the Food
        Truck, the Operator will complete and submit Chick-fil-A’s then current registration form
        (“Registration Form”) and otherwise follow the registration process established for Food Trucks
        under Chick-fil-A’s then current policies and procedures for such programs, including obtaining
        approval prior to the commencement of the Licensed Use at each proposed Sales Location. During
        the Term, the Operator will use and operate the Food Truck to produce and/or sell and distribute

Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement               3
(Business Entity)
