     such as seasonal operations, unique operating hours, and limited access to sell to the public as a
     result of being located in spaces with ticketed/captive audiences. The initial investment for delivery
     kitchen units vary in particular from other types of units due to unique factors such as varied spaces,
     varied landlord, licensor or manager supplied equipment packages and build-outs, varied landlord,
     licensor or manager imposed fees, costs, commissions and other charges and other factors. The
     initial investment for either a captive venue unit or a delivery kitchen unit is estimated to fit under
     the high range of certain of the estimated costs in the preceding table, and is estimated to be less
     than the low range for certain of the estimated costs.

2.   Once you have paid the $10,000 initial franchise fee for your initial franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business, if you are offered the opportunity to operate an additional franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business, whether a traditional location or a captive venue unit, you will pay an additional franchise
     fee in the amount of $5,000 for each Additional Business. The initial franchise fee is considered fully
     earned and non-refundable upon payment, except that the $5,000 portion of the initial franchise fee
     that is maintained by Chick-fil-A as the working capital deposit is refundable as described in Item 5.
     The additional franchise fee is considered fully earned and non-refundable upon payment.

     Although the $10,000 initial franchise fee (or the $5,000 additional franchise fee, if applicable), is the
     only initial out-of-pocket investment you will be required to make to begin operation of your
     franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business (or Additional Business under your Franchise
     Agreement), the other expenditures in the table will reduce the actual profits of your franchised Chick-
     fil-A Restaurant business and will affect the amount of your income.

3.   These amounts are deducted from the Gross Receipts of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business as expenses. Although calculated and due on a monthly basis, these fees and expenses are
     paid from Gross Receipts as expenses of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business to Chick-
     fil-A on either a monthly or pro rata/month to date daily basis, except for the insurance premiums for
     workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and employment practices liability
     insurance coverages. See Item 5 and Note 2 and Note 3 to the table in Item 6 and Note 5 below.

4.   These amounts depend on where your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business will be located,
     the size of the premises, traditional location, captive venue unit or delivery kitchen unit and other
     factors. The amount could be higher, for example, if your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
     business will be located in a flagship-type, urban facility in a large metropolitan market. If you
     operate a captive venue unit in a non-traditional location or a delivery kitchen unit, you will pay,
     respectively, an occupancy charge or use/occupancy charge or fee instead of rent. We currently
     estimate the occupancy charge will range between 4% to 30% of Gross Receipts. The equipment
     rental for a captive venue unit or delivery kitchen unit could be less than the amount stated above
     for a captive venue unit or delivery kitchen unit, including if the owner, licensor or manager of the
     premises provides certain equipment, or more including if the venue is large.

5.   As applicable you must obtain certain of the insurance coverages elected by you or designated by
     Chick-fil-A, from Chick-fil-A or through Chick-fil-A’s dedicated program administrator. With
     regard to the worker’s compensation, general liability, auto liability, and employment practices
     liability insurance program, (i) you will obtain these coverages from the designated insurance carrier,
     (ii) will get billed by and will pay the insurance administrator, and (iii) as each month’s premium
     payment will pay 1/12th of the premium cost for the calendar year. These amounts will not be due
     until after your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business opens.

6.   This amount reflects the costs you can expect to pay in your first three months of operation and
     includes your expenses, as well as the cost of repairs, maintenance and utilities, but does not include
     any draws, disbursements or other distributions taken by you. In formulating these figures, Chick-
     fil-A has relied on its over 50 years of experience in the Chick-fil-A Restaurant business and on
     the financial performance of franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants and company-operated Chick-fil-
                                                    36
