                                                AGREEMENT

       In consideration of the above recitals, the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties, each intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

         1.      Recitals; Definitions. The parties incorporate into this Agreement the recitals under the
Background section above as if stated here in full. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this
Agreement, including the DK Summary attached as Exhibit A, the Equipment Fee Addendum attached as
Exhibit B and the DK Lease attached as Exhibit C as they may be amended from time to time, which are
incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement by this reference, will have the meanings given to them
in the Franchise Agreement and the Additional Business Amendment.

          2.        Sublicense; Licensed Use; Operator Duty to Perform Under DK Lease.

                   (a)      As of the effective date of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of
the Franchise Agreement, the Additional Business Amendment and this Agreement, Chick-fil-A grants a
limited lease, sublease or sublicense, as applicable (collectively, “sublicense”) to the Operator of all of its
rights and privileges under the DK Lease to use and occupy the Site solely for the Business that is a Delivery
Kitchen Unit during the Agreed Term of this Agreement (as defined in Section 4), selling only such products
and fulfilling only such Orders authorized under this Agreement received by the Designated Business(es) and the DK,
and for such other permitted activities specified in the DK Summary (the “Permitted Activities”), and otherwise
operating in such a manner as permitted and authorized pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Franchise
Agreement, as amended with regard to the DK and its operation by this Agreement, including the attached DK Lease,
the DK Summary and any other exhibits to this Agreement (the “Licensed Use”). Operator will use the DK
Location(s) solely for the Licensed Use and for no other purpose. The limited sublicense is non-exclusive, and no
so-called “exclusive,” “protected” or other territorial rights in the Site, the Delivery Kitchen Unit, the DK
Location(s), or the contiguous market area around the DK Location(s) are granted or inferred. All rights
and licenses not expressly granted to the Operator under the Franchise Agreement, the Additional Business
Amendment and this Agreement are reserved exclusively by and unto Chick-fil-A.

                 (b)     The Operator accepts the above grant of the limited sublicense and agrees to be
bound by and observe and faithfully perform Chick-fil-A’s obligations, agreements, commitments, duties
and liabilities under the DK Lease, as may be amended or changed by Chick-fil-A and the prime lessor,
ground lessor or licensor from time to time, as if the Operator is the licensee or lessee under the DK Lease
Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by Chick-fil-A and the Operator and stated on the DK Summary
attached as Exhibit A. Notwithstanding the above, Chick-fil-A will provide and install the Equipment (as
defined below) and any additional Equipment pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement and the Equipment
Lease Addendum attached as Exhibit B.

                  (c)   The Operator acknowledges and agrees that its possessory and other rights under
this Agreement are derivative of the Operator’s status as an Operator under the Franchise Agreement and
that these rights will terminate automatically upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise
Agreement. The Operator will comply with and perform all the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Franchise Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. A breach of any of the terms, conditions or covenants
of the Franchise Agreement by the Operator will constitute a breach of this Agreement. Neither the
Operator nor its employees, agents, contractors or invitees will perform any act, neglect to perform any
duty or fail to comply with any standard of conduct, with respect to the franchised Businesses and/or with
respect to the Delivery Kitchen Unit, that would constitute a violation of this Agreement, the DK Lease,
the Franchise Agreement, or Chick-fil-A's then-current Minimum Standards and Guidelines, as modified from
time to time.
                                                        2
Delivery Kitchen Agreement
(Business Entity)
