Chick-fil-A to enforce its rights under this Agreement, in addition to any other remedies provided under
this Agreement or the Franchise Agreement or available at law or in equity.

          5.        Use/Occupancy Charge to Concessionor; Payments to Chick-fil-A.

        (a)      Except as specifically provided for under the Concession Agreement and stated on the data
sheet attached as Exhibit A, the Operator agrees to directly make all payments to Concessionor for
use/occupancy of the Concession Location(s) required under the Concession Agreement in the manner
required (collectively, the “Use/Occupancy Charge”). The Use/Occupancy Charge may be described as a
use/occupancy fee, rent, license fees, service fees or otherwise. Alternatively, Concessionor may collect
the Gross Receipts of the Captive Venue Unit from sales to customers and then distribute to the Operator
(or Chick-fil-A on the Operator’s behalf) a “commission,” where the commission is the balance of the Gross
Receipts after Concessionor subtracts the Use/Occupancy Charge amount (and if applicable, any sales tax
Concessionor undertakes the responsibility to report and pay). The Use/Occupancy Charge is summarized
on the data sheet attached as Exhibit A. Except as specifically stated on the data sheet attached as Exhibit A,
as between Chick-fil-A and the Operator, Chick-fil-A will not have any monetary obligation to
Concessionor under this Agreement. If the Operator is late in making any payment or fails to make any
payment due to Concessionor under the Concession Agreement, the Operator will indemnify and hold
harmless Chick-fil-A pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement.

        (b)    At the election of Chick-fil-A, the payment program described under Section 14.12 of the
Franchise Agreement will apply to the Operator’s payment obligations with respect to the Use/Occupancy
Charge and any of the Operator’s other payment obligations described in the Concession Agreement, and
any adjustment or increases to the Operator’s payment obligations.

         (c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Concession Agreement, as between Chick-
fil-A and the Operator, all Gross Receipts generated as a result of sales from the Captive Venue Unit, will
be deemed to be Gross Receipts of the Operator, and the Operator and not Chick-fil-A will have sole
responsibility for payment of any sales, use, or excise tax, any apportioned personal property tax or any
other tax arising from the Captive Venue Unit, the sale and distribution of Products and promotional items,
the lease of the Equipment and/or the presence of the Equipment at the Captive Venue Unit, directly or
through Concessionor. The parties acknowledge and agree that sales, use, or similar taxes may be due and
payable even when Products and promotional items are given away and not sold.

         (d)     Gross Receipts generated as a result of sales from the Captive Venue Unit will be accounted
for on a separate Fee Calculation Report for the Captive Venue Unit. Except as specifically stated on the
data sheet attached as Exhibit A, the Fee Calculation Report will also reflect the calculation and payment
of all fees and other operating costs and expenses related to the operation of the Captive Venue Unit that
are due and will be calculated under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Chick-fil-A will have the right
and Operator authorizes Chick-fil-A to account for the Gross Receipts, fees, operating costs, expenses and
taxes incurred with respect to the Captive Venue Unit and to make calculations and allocations to Operator’s
Businesses as may be required under the Franchise Agreement and in order to effectuate the terms of the
Franchise Agreement and this Agreement and to produce the Fee Calculation Report for each of Operator’s
Businesses.

        (e)      The Operator understands and agrees that the Operator’s obligation to furnish and send
reports and records pursuant to Section 15.1 and Section 15.2 of the Franchise Agreement applies to the
Captive Venue Unit and includes all reports and records designated by Chick-fil-A that the Operator
furnishes to or receives from Concessionor. The Operator authorizes Chick-fil-A to request and receive
any reports and records it designates relating to the Captive Venue Unit directly from Concessionor.



Concession Sublicense Agreement                       11
