                      If to Chick-fil-A:
                      Chick-fil-A, Inc.
                      5200 Buffington Road
                      Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
                      Attn: Lynette E. Smith

                      If to the Operator:
                      At the address set forth on the signature page of the Franchise Agreement

          Or to such other address as may be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party.

     17. Not Independent Franchise. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that the Operator’s
         participation in the Food Truck Program and the grant of the License to use the Food Truck at the
         Sales Location pursuant to this Agreement is made upon the request of and as an accommodation
         to the Operator in connection with the Franchise Agreement and the Business, and is entirely
         voluntary on the part of the Operator and does not constitute an independent or separate franchise
         or franchise agreement.

     18. Affirmation of Franchise Agreement. The Operator acknowledges, affirms and agrees to all of the
         covenants and obligations under the Franchise Agreement as if entered into, undertaken and
         otherwise made again this day (with this Agreement, including the Food Truck License Summary)
         and the Food Truck Lease and reaffirms the continuing existence and validity of the Franchise
         Agreement. The Operator covenants that, subject to its terms and conditions as modified by this
         Agreement, the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement,
         and will remain in full force and effect, subject to their terms.

     19. Acceptance of Risk of Food Truck Program. The Operator acknowledges and agrees that Chick-
         fil-A is in the development stages of the Food Truck Program and that participation in the Food
         Truck Program under this Agreement involves substantial risks. The Operator acknowledges and
         agrees that the Operator is aware of the risks and that the Operator agrees to bear the risk of the
         success or failure of the Food Truck Program and the Food Truck in reliance solely on the
         Operator’s own business judgment.

     20. Execution; Counterparts. The parties acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Food Truck License
         Summary is complete and accurate and forms a part of this Agreement; and (ii) this Agreement,
         including the Food Truck License Summary and the Food Truck Lease, as well as the Franchise
         Agreement as referenced in this Agreement, contain the entire agreement between the parties as to
         the subject matter hereof and fully supersedes all prior understandings, written or oral, between the
         parties regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
         and at various times and at various places by the several parties to this Agreement, all of which
         counterparts taken together will be deemed as one original. Executed copies of this Agreement,
         whether delivered by electronic transmission or otherwise, will be deemed to be as effective as
         original signatures.

                                             [The Signature Page Follows]




Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement              15
(Sole Proprietorship)
