requirements. Chick-fil-A does not receive any revenues or commission from insurance purchased by you.
As applicable, we simply rebill or pass through to you the cost of certain of the insurance premiums elected
by you or designated by Chick-fil-A described above. With regard to the workers’ compensation, general
liability, auto liability, and employment practices liability insurance program you will obtain these
coverages from the designated insurance carrier, will get billed by and will pay the insurance carrier through
the program administrator. The workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and employment
practices liability insurance program is described in greater detail below in this Item 8. It is currently the
sole approved insurance program for the purchase of workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability,
and employment practices liability insurance.

         We have not adopted specific criteria to evaluate or approve alternative suppliers for the goods and
services which you must purchase from Chick-fil-A approved sources. We deal with requests for approval
of alternative suppliers of goods on a case-by-case basis. If we receive requests for alternative suppliers
for items that are not Chick-fil-A trade secret items or items that do not use our trademarks, we will provide
an Operator the standards and specifications for the item and will consider permitting sourcing from
alternative suppliers consistent with the standards and specifications. However, we reserve the right to
designate only one supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain items (including, without limitation,
the physical distribution of products, soft drinks, ingredients, etc.) in order to take advantage of marketplace
efficiencies and volume pricing. We also reserve the right to not approve or disapprove any supplier if
among other things: (1) the supplier cannot show, to our reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our
then-current standards and specifications; (2) the supplier cannot show, to our reasonable satisfaction,
adequate quality controls and capacity to meet the Chick-fil-A system’s needs promptly and reliably; or (3)
Chick-fil-A determines in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment that the supplier’s
approval would impact negatively upon the Chick-fil-A system’s ability, as a whole, to take advantage of
marketplace efficiencies and volume pricing. Finally, we reserve the right to conditionally approve a
supplier or to limit our approval of a supplier to certain products, restaurants or circumstances.

         We stock certain non-proprietary items such as small wares and operating supplies, utensils and
other goods which are made available to you for your convenience. We also stock certain proprietary items,
including marketing and promotional materials and other items bearing our trademarks, and other
proprietary items which we may make available to you for your convenience, and are used by you in local
advertising, marketing and promotions, and in your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant. Though we are not
the sole authorized supplier of most of these items, you are likely to purchase them from us for convenience
and/or price savings. Currently, the cost to Operators for warehouse goods is our cost plus approximately 2.5%,
which amount may include a payment to Chick-fil-A for a portion of its costs associated with the processing and
storage of the goods and shipping the goods from the supplier to Chick-fil-A’s warehouse. Operators are also
charged for the shipping costs from our warehouse to their franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants. Chick-fil-A may
change the warehouse program, and any associated costs and charges to Operators, in the exercise of its sole and
exclusive business judgment. You also may or may not receive from us a rebate on your purchase of some
beverage products (and possibly other products in the future).

         Operators have traditionally engaged third-party advertising agencies to provide certain additional
advertising support and services. We may offer to provide advertising support and services to Operators at the
local, store, market or regional advertising level on a formal basis for a fee through our in-house advertising
agency as an alternative choice for Operators to third-party advertising agencies. We hope to eliminate
fragmented creative services enabling more uniform messaging system-wide while also potentially saving
Operators both time and money. We are an approved supplier to supply advertising support and services to
Chick-fil-A Restaurants in geographic areas where we are offering the services, but Operators will have the
option to select and accept our services or not. We are not the only approved supplier of advertising support
and services for the geographic area where we are offering the services.

        We and our affiliates are currently the only approved suppliers of certain products and services and
approved suppliers of other products and services, as described above. These products and services include
proprietary seasoning, proprietary seasoned coater, distribution services, leases of the premises, sublicenses
                                                      40
