         The Board of Directors of The Coop will decide when and if dividends will be paid. Any payment
of dividends is subject to regulatory approval and reinsurance requirements and may not be paid unless
certain terms and conditions are met.

         Officers of Chick-fil-A do not own an interest in any privately held suppliers, or a material interest
in any publicly-held suppliers to our Operators and Licensees, except certain officers of Chick-fil-A own
an interest in Chick-fil-A and indirectly in our affiliates CFA Supply and Bay Center. Chick-fil-A is a
supplier, and in the geographic areas where CFA Supply and Bay Center operate or will operate, they will
be a supplier, and with respect to certain products and services, Chick-fil-A and CFA Supply and Bay
Center in the geographic areas where CFA Supply and Bay Center operate or will operate, are or will be
the sole approved suppliers of certain products and services to our Operators and Licensees.

                                                   Item 9

                                      FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

         This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other items
of this Disclosure Document.

                                                                                          Disclosure
                     Obligation                        Section in agreement
                                                                                        Document Item

 a.    Site selection and acquisition/lease      Franchise Agreement 5                6, 7, 8, 11
                                                 Lease 2
                                                 Concession Sublicense Agr. 2
                                                 Delivery Kitchen Agr. 2

 b.    Pre-opening purchases/leases              Franchise Agreement 9                5, 7, 8, 11
                                                 Lease 2
                                                 Concession Sublicense Agr. 2
                                                 Delivery Kitchen Agr. 2
 c.   Site development and other pre-            Franchise Agreement 9                11
      opening requirements
                                                 Lease 2
                                                 Concession Sublicense Agr. 2
                                                 Delivery Kitchen Agr. 2

 d.    Initial and ongoing training              Franchise Agreement 16               11

 e.    Opening                                   Franchise Agreement Signature        11
                                                 Page
                                                 Lease 2
                                                 Concession Sublicense Agr. 4(d)
                                                 Delivery Kitchen Agr. 4(d)




                                                      43
