sub-lessee of the premises and must comply with the obligations imposed on Chick-fil-A as primary licensee
or lessee of the premises. See Items 5 and 6 above.

         If you are operating a food truck as an extension and part of an existing Chick-fil-A Restaurant
location, you will enter into either the Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement or the Food Truck
License Agreement with attached Lease with us. Currently, in some instances, Chick-fil-A leases the food
truck from a third party and you must sublease the food truck from Chick-fil-A. You must comply with the
obligations imposed on Chick-fil-A as primary lessee of the food truck. See Items 5 and 6 above. You will
pay Chick-fil-A the food truck usage fee under the Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement in lieu of
the lease rental payment due from Chick-fil-A to the third-party lessor under the third-party food truck
lease. In other instances, you lease the food truck directly from an approved third-party supplier and do not
sublease the food truck from Chick-fil-A. You must comply with the obligations imposed on you as primary
lessee of the food truck. See Items 5 and 6 above. You will pay Chick-fil-A the food truck fee under the
Food Truck License Agreement with attached Lease and the lease rental payment due from you to the third-
party lessor under the third-party food truck lease.

         Chick-fil-A sometimes purchases marketing assets on behalf of participating Operators in a market
with the primary goal of use of the items by the participating Operators for marketing activation. Examples
of marketing assets include branded activation units, spectacular cow creatives, and branded props. The
Operators within the geographic area reimburse Chick-fil-A for the amount of the purchase price and the
expenses of the marketing asset from the local or regional advertising fees they contribute. Each
participating Operator enters into a lease agreement with Chick-fil-A for the right to participate in the shared
use of the related marketing asset.

         We will provide you with most or all of the equipment (and other property necessary to operate your
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business, including the kitchen appliances and equipment), and dining area
furniture and fixtures. In exchange for your use of our equipment, furniture, and fixtures under the Lease, you
will be required to make rental payments to us based on the fair market rental value as determined by Chick-fil-
A in its sole and exclusive business judgment, currently in the amount of $750 to $5,000 per month depending
on the type of location (free-standing, drive-thru only, mall, captive venue or delivery kitchen unit), exclusive of
any applicable sales, use and property taxes. In some circumstances, you may decide to purchase additional
items of approved small wares, operating supplies, utensils, equipment and other goods in order to maximize
the sales and profit potential of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. The equipment rental for a
captive or delivery kitchen venue unit could be less than the amount stated above for a captive venue unit or
delivery kitchen, including if the owner or manager of the premises provides certain equipment, or more
including if the venue is large.

         Under the Franchise Agreement, between the first and fifteenth day of each month, we prepare a fee
calculation report for your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business and calculate the fees and other
expenses to be paid by you out of your revenues according to a set formula. (See Item 6, Note 2 for a
description of this formula). Prior to revenue disposition, a monthly business services fee, currently $300,
will be deducted from your Gross Receipts as an expense of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business,
as payment to us for provision of other business-related services.

          You must purchase workers’ compensation (except for franchisees with Chick-fil-A Restaurant
Business(es) located in states that require workers’ compensation insurance to be purchased from their
state’s fund, including currently North Dakota, Ohio, Washington, and Wyoming), commercial general
liability, auto liability, employment practices liability insurance and excess/umbrella liability insurance
through our approved insurance program which provide certain minimum levels of coverage for your
franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business; and unemployment, social security disability and any other
insurance coverage designated by us as required to be purchased through our approved insurance programs
or by governmental authorities. To the extent offered and required, you must participate in our insurance
programs, which meet these standards with a combination of insurance contracts and self-insurance. Under
the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement, we may add to, increase or change your insurance
                                                        39
