        10.      Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

                Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement
                involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and
                efforts of the Operator as an independent business person.

        11.    Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
and Section 14.8 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled
“Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or
                any Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s laws
                other than the State of Indiana, to the extent that such laws conflict with the Indiana
                Deceptive Franchises Practices Act and the Indiana Franchises Act, the Acts will
                control.

        12.     Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General
Provisions,” Section 14.10 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” and Section 9 of
any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, under the heading entitled
“Compliance with Franchise Agreement and the Assignment,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other
                than the State of Indiana, the requirement may be unenforceable as a limitation on
                litigation under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§
                23-2-2.7-1(10).

       13.       The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

                28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.                     No statement,
                questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with
                the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
                claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
                disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
                person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
                document executed in connection with the franchise.

        14.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law and the
Indiana, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practice Act,
Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to 23-2-2.7-7, are met independently without reference to this Amendment.




                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                     INDIANA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
