         (h)     Chick-fil-A and the Operator acknowledge and agree that the actual title of the Concession
Agreement may differ from the words “Concession Agreement” and the definitions assigned to Chick-fil-
A as licensee or concessionaire and to Concessionor may also differ from the terms used in this Agreement,
but for purposes of this Agreement the terms “Concession Agreement,” “Concessionor” and
“Concessionaire” will be used to refer to the corresponding title and terms actually used in the Concession
Agreement.

         (i)     Chick-fil-A is sublicensing to the Operator, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, only those rights acquired by Chick-fil-A by virtue of the Concession Agreement. The
Concession Agreement describes Concessionor's duties which Concessionor, and not Chick-fil-A, is
obligated to perform. If Concessionor fails to perform its duties under the Concession Agreement, the
Operator must send Chick-fil-A written notice describing Concessionor's default in detail. Upon receipt of
the notice, Chick-fil-A will then promptly notify Concessionor and demand performance of the Concession
Agreement. In the event the Operator wishes to engage the services of an attorney to settle any disputes
arising out of the Concession Agreement, all fees and costs will be borne by the Operator, it being
understood that Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to bring or defend any action brought by or against the
Operator or Concessionor.

        (j)      The Operator acknowledges that there may be certain provisions in the Concession
Agreement, including any provision against competition among the licensees or concessionaries of the
overall premises in which the Site is located, requiring performance by other licensees or concessionaries
within the premises or by the Concessionor. Chick-fil-A will not be liable for any breach or default of any
of these provisions by any other licensees or concessionaries within the overall premises or by the
Concessionor, or for Concessionor’s failure, inability (whether temporary or indefinite), or simple refusal,
to enforce any of these provisions. The Operator further acknowledges that Chick-fil-A will have no
obligation whatsoever to require Concessionor to enforce any provision against any other licensees or
concessionaires.

       (k)     This Agreement is not and shall not be interpreted or deemed to be an assignment of the
Concession Agreement to the Operator. It is the express intent of the parties to enter into a sublicense or
subconcession agreement between Chick-fil-A and the Operator and not to make an assignment of the
Concession Agreement to the Operator.

          3.        Operator Warranties and Obligations.

         (a)      The Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner pursuant to the Assignment and
Consent to Assignment (the “Assignment”) and the Additional Business Amendment (if applicable), each
represents and warrants to Chick-fil-A that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
the Operator and if applicable the Operator-Owner will not contravene any certificate of incorporation or
certificate of formation, by-laws, operating agreement, law or regulation or agreement applicable to the
Operator and if applicable, the Operator-Owner, or this Agreement or the Concession Agreement. The
Operator and if applicable the Operator-Owner each further covenants and agrees to comply with all laws
and regulations applicable to the Operator and the Operator-Owner, respectively, during the Term in
conjunction with the Operator’s or as applicable the Operator-Owner’s performance of the Concession
Agreement as sublicensee or subconcessionaire.

         (b)     By taking possession of the Site, the Operator acknowledges and agrees that the Operator
has inspected the Site and the improvements on the Site and found them to be in a safe, satisfactory, and
completed condition. The Site, including the Equipment and the Leasehold Improvements in and on the
Site, are provided to Operator by Chick-fil-A and/or Consignor “AS IS” and “WHERE IS” and without


Concession Sublicense Agreement                      7
