        3.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:

                The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, hereby acknowledge that the
                Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner, have carefully considered the nature and
                extent of the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as applicable, the Operator-Owner) and
                the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A under this Agreement, including without
                limitation those rights and remedies of Chick-fil-A set forth in Sections 18, 19, 20, 21 and
                22 above, and hereby agree that (i) the same are reasonably required and designed solely
                to protect proprietary and other important rights of Chick-fil-A and (ii) as such are
                reasonable in time, scope and territory. The Operator, and, as applicable, the Operator-
                Owner, further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions upon the Operator (and, as
                applicable, the Operator-Owner) and the rights and remedies conferred on Chick-fil-A
                under this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and that without their
                inclusion, Chick-fil-A would not have entered into this Agreement. The Operator
                represents and warrants that the Operator’s signature appearing on this Agreement is
                genuine and freely and knowingly given.

        4.      Section 25.3 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Franchise
Relationship” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following.

                Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement
                involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and
                efforts of the Operator as an independent business person.

         5.        Section 28.6 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,”
is deleted in its entirety. and replaced by the following:

                28.6    This Agreement, including any Lease(s), Concession Sublicense Agreement(s),
                Delivery Kitchen Agreement(s) and Food Truck License Agreement(s) attached to this
                Agreement as an exhibit, incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement, and all
                documents, schedules, exhibits, and information specifically incorporated into this
                Agreement by reference, collectively constitute the complete and integrated agreement
                between Chick-fil-A and the Operator concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and
                supersede all prior agreements; subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
                representations have induced the Operator to sign this Agreement; the Operator may rely
                on Chick-fil-A's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that
                Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits and any amendments or
                supplements, in connection with the Operator's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”).
                Chick-fil-A cautions the Operator not to rely on any representations, promises or
                agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD
                because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of Chick-fil-
                A was or is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not
                contained in this Agreement or the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver or
                cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing
                and signed by Chick-fil-A.

         6.      Section 14.6 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “General Provisions,” is deleted in its
entirety and replaced by the following:



                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   MINNESOTA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
