of captive venue unit concession premises or delivery kitchen unit premises, subleases of food trucks or
delivery kitchen unit premises, leases of marketing assets, equipment, furniture and fixtures, business
services, small wares, utensils, operating supplies, promotional goods, and advertising support and services.
We may change our approved suppliers and sole approved supplier designations at any time in the exercise of
our sole and exclusive business judgment. We and our affiliates may in the future be an approved supplier
or designated sole supplier for any additional or different products or services you may or must purchase.
As an approved supplier or designated sole supplier, we and our affiliates may obtain revenue from you
and make a profit.

         In the year ended December 31, 2024, our total consolidated revenues from (i) Operator and
Licensee purchases of the proprietary seasoning, seasoned coater, business services and operating supplies,
utensils, and promotional goods, and (ii) Operator leases of the premises, sublicenses of captive venue unit
concession premises, sublicenses and subleases as applicable of delivery kitchen unit premises, subleases of
food trucks, leases of marketing assets, equipment, furniture, and fixtures was $1,778,691,073 or 19.63%
of our total consolidated revenues of $9,062,620,436. We did not offer advertising and support services
for a fee in 2024 and did not have any revenue for providing those services in 2024. In 2024, our affiliate
CFA Supply, an approved distributor to carry food products, ingredients, and supplies to Chick-fil-A
Restaurants, received $1,996,943,030 from purchases made by Operators and Licensees in geographic areas
it serviced which is included in our consolidated revenues. In 2024, our affiliate Bay Center received
$186,616,788 (not including any markup added by the distributor(s) at the time of resale) from purchases
made by Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s) for distribution of lemon juice to Operators and Licensees
in geographic areas it serviced which is included in our consolidated revenues.

        We estimate that your total purchases and leases from approved or designated suppliers will
represent approximately 40% to 63% of your overall purchases and leases in operating your restaurant and
42% to 63% of your overall purchases and leases in establishing your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant
business. The national advertising fund we administer also receives contributions from certain designated
suppliers of up to approximately 33% of Operator purchases from these suppliers. Chick-fil-A may receive
other forms of compensation directly or indirectly from approved or designated suppliers, which
compensation may be in lieu of or in addition to the seasoning, coater and national advertising fund
contributions and the incentives described above.

         Specifications and Standards: The foundation of each Chick-fil-A Restaurant and Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit and the essence of your Franchise Agreement is your adherence to Chick-fil-A’s minimum
standards, guidelines and specifications. Every component of Chick-fil-A’s restaurant operating system is
important to Chick-fil-A and to the operation of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business as a Chick-
fil-A Restaurant. Accordingly, you must operate your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business in full
compliance with Chick-fil-A’s minimum standards and guidelines for service, food safety, sanitation, quality
of products, employee dress, appearance and conduct and other aspects of the operation of your franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. These minimum standards and guidelines are specified in Chick-fil-A’s
operations and training manuals and materials, and other confidential information provided by us to you. To
meet our standards, you must, among other things, purchase or lease goods, services, supplies, fixtures,
equipment, leasehold improvements or inventory from various suppliers in accordance with our standards and
specifications.

         We review our specifications and standards when necessary, and we release any modified
specifications or standards to you when you need to be familiar with them. In order to protect against possible
infringement, we will release specifications or standards dealing with trade secrets or proprietary information
only to those suppliers we think are necessary. We reserve the right to be the sole designator of any product,
ingredient or other item that requires knowledge of any of our trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary
information. We have no obligation to release any of our trade secrets, confidential information or other
proprietary information to any proposed alternative supplier.


                                                       41
