        availability of existing restaurant businesses; provided, however, Chick-fil-A does not represent or
        warrant in any way that the Additional Business actually will be open or available for the Operator
        to commence the Additional Business on or after this date.

5.      The Operator hereby agrees that the Additional Business described above shall be governed by the
        terms of the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. Pursuant to Section 2.6 of the
        Agreement, the Concession Agreement and any Prime Lease, Ground Lease or other rental
        obligations of the Operator with respect to the Additional Business shall be attached to the
        Concession Sublicense Agreement for the Additional Business which is attached as Exhibit “A” to
        this Amendment.

6.      This Amendment, including the Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession
        Agreement attached as Exhibit “A” and any other exhibits to the Concession Sublicense
        Agreement, shall be attached to, incorporated in, and become and constitute a part of the
        Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment, shall have the
        meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

7.      The Operator acknowledges and agrees to all of his/her obligations under the Agreement as if
        entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again this day (with this Amendment, including the
        Concession Sublicense Agreement and its attached Concession Agreement attached as Exhibit “A”
        and any other exhibits to the Concession Sublicense Agreement) and reaffirms the continuing
        existence and validity of the Agreement. Subject to its terms and conditions, the Agreement is in
        full force and effect as of the date of this Amendment, and shall remain in full force and effect.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Chick-fil-A, Inc. and the Operator, intending to be legally bound,
have duly executed and delivered this Amendment as of the day and year first above written.


                                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.


                                                 By:


                                                 Title:


                                                 Date:




                                                 OPERATOR



                                                 Printed Name:

                                                 Date:




Addendum “2-A” to Franchise Agreement            2
