        Lease, and supersede all prior agreements between the parties; subject to the requirements of
        applicable state law, no other representations or statements of any kind have induced the Operator
        to sign this Agreement; the Operator may rely on Chick-fil-A’s representations in the most recent
        Franchise Disclosure Document that Chick-fil-A delivered to the Operator, including its exhibits
        and any amendments or supplements, in connection with the Operator’s entry into the Franchise
        Agreement and if applicable this Agreement (the “FDD”). Chick-fil-A cautions the Operator not
        to rely on any representations, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or
        attached to this Agreement (including as applicable the attached Concession Agreement or DK
        Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional Business
        Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD because, among other things, no officer, employee, or
        other servant or agent of Chick-fil-A was or is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or
        other promise not contained in this Agreement (including as applicable the attached Concession
        Agreement or DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional
        Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver
        or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and
        signed by Chick-fil-A.




       6.      Section 28.9 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14.8 of the Lease and Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be supplemented by the following
language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires the application of Georgia law, the
                requirement shall not be interpreted to limit any rights the Operator may have to
                bring a lawsuit for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
                Disclosure Law.

       7.      Section 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14.10 of the Lease and Section 9 of any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be supplemented by the following
language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense Agreement
                or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other
                than the State of Maryland, the requirement shall not be interpreted to limit any
                rights the Operator may have under Section 14-216(c)(25) of the Maryland
                Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to bring suit in the State of Maryland.

        8.      Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following. Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this
Agreement involve risk and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts
of the Operator as an independent business person.

       9.        The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

                28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.                   No statement,
                questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with


                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                   MARYLAND AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
