         Agreement or DK Lease), the Franchise Agreement, the Assignment (if applicable), the Additional
         Business Amendment (if applicable) or in the FDD. No change, termination, or attempted waiver
         or cancellation of any provision of this Agreement will bind Chick-fil-A unless in writing and
         signed by Chick-fil-A.

        6.       Section 3(i) of any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement,
under the heading entitled “Operator Warranties and Obligations” shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following.

         Chick-fil-A represents to the Operator the Businesses contemplated by this Agreement involve risk
         and that the success of such Businesses is dependent upon the abilities and efforts of the Operator
         as an independent business person.

       7.        The following is added as a new Section 28.19 to the Franchise Agreement, under the
heading entitled “General Provisions”:

         28.19 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
         acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
         franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
         franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
         by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
         supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        8.       The parties acknowledge and agree that each provision of this Amendment to the Franchise
Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall
be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional (and any other then-current requirements) of the Hawaii
law applicable to the provision are met independent of and without reference to this Amendment. This
Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements (or any other then-current
requirements) are not met.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed, sealed, and delivered this Hawaii
Amendment to the Franchise Agreement and Lease on the same date as that on which the Franchise
Agreement was executed.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.                                           OPERATOR



By:                                                         By:
Name:                                                       Name:
Title:                                                      Title:




                                    CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                      HAWAII AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
