                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                     REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND


         In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law,
Md. Code Ann. Bus. Reg. Sections 4-201 – 14-233 (1994), the Franchise Disclosure Document For
Prospective Franchisees for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Maryland shall be amended to include
the following:

        1.      The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        FA 28.6      Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including all
                                                  schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding
                                                  (subject to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution
                                                  you not to rely upon any promises or statements not in the
                                                  Franchise Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You
                                                  may rely on our representations in this Disclosure Document,
                                                  including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
                                                  All of the provisions above may not be enforceable under
                                                  California law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt
                                                  to enforce all of the provisions listed above.


        2.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
Kitchen Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as
follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*       Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                   Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                   Sublicense     ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                     Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                  promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                   DK Agr. 12
                                                  Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                  our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                  its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                  provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                  law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                  all of the provisions listed above.

        3.      The sentences in the Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for
the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, item v, under the
subheading entitled “Choice of forum” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                If the Franchise Agreement or the Lease or any Concession Sublicense
                Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires litigation to be
                conducted in a forum other than the State of Maryland, the requirement
                shall not be interpreted to limit any rights you may have under Section 14-

                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
