                             ADDENDUM “3-A” TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                         FOOD TRUCK LICENSE AND SUBLEASE AGREEMENT
                                       (Sole Proprietorship)

        THIS FOOD TRUCK LICENSE AND SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is
made and will be effective as of ________________, 20 , by and between CHICK-FIL-A, INC., a Georgia
corporation, having its principal business address at 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998
(“Chick-fil-A”), and its franchisee                        (the “Operator”).

                                             BACKGROUND

        A.      Chick-fil-A and the Operator entered into a Franchise Agreement with its attached Lease,
Additional Business Amendments(s), if any, and all other exhibits (the “Franchise Agreement”), which
governs and defines the parties’ relationship and operation of the Business(es), including the Business
designated in the Food Truck License Summary (as defined in Section 1) attached as Exhibit A (the
“Business”).

        B.       Chick-fil-A is developing a mobile food truck program (the “Food Truck Program”) and
has leased a custom food truck, including equipment, furnishing and fixtures in and on the food truck (the
“Food Truck”) to produce, hold and/or sell a limited menu of Chick-fil-A® Products.

         C.    Pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement, Chick-fil-A and the Operator desire to
amend and otherwise reaffirm the terms of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, including the grant to the Operator of the authority to conduct sales activities from the
Food Truck as an extension of the Business and the grant of a sublease of the right to use and occupy the
Food Truck, and to otherwise continue their respective performance under the Franchise Agreement.

                                              AGREEMENT

         IN CONSIDERATION OF THE ABOVE recitals, the mutual covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement, as well as in the Franchise Agreement, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, each intending to
be legally bound, agree as follows:

     1. Definitions; Recitals. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement,
        including in the Food Truck License Summary Form attached as Exhibit A, as it may be amended
        from time to time (the “Food Truck License Summary”), will have the meanings given to them in
        the Franchise Agreement. The parties incorporate into this Agreement the recitals set forth above
        as if set forth here in full.

     2. License; Term.

          a. License. Chick-fil-A grants to the Operator, subject to the terms and conditions of this
             Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the limited license to use and operate the Food Truck
             using the Trade Name, the Marks and the System, as may be modified by Chick-fil-A from
             time to time (including generally or for the Food Truck Program specifically), and the limited
             license and grant to conduct the Licensed Use (as defined below) as an extension and part of
             the Business (collectively the “License”), and the Operator accepts the grant of the License.

          b. No Exclusive Territorial Rights. The License is expressly limited to the terms and conditions
             set forth in this Agreement and is further subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
             Franchise Agreement. The License is non-exclusive, and no so-called “exclusive,” “protected”
Food Truck License and Sublease Agreement
(Sole Proprietorship)
