3.    The Item 17 table for the Lease and any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen
Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14       Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession      Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                    Sublicense      ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12       law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                    promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr. 12
                                                    Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                    our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                    its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                    provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                    law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                    all of the provisions listed above.

4.      Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

        No release language in the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement
        or any Delivery Kitchen Agreement will relieve us or any other person, directly or indirectly, from
        liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising in the State of Hawaii.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
        of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
        with the franchise.

5.      Item 20 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:

        The following list reflects the status of our franchise registrations in states which have franchise
        registration and/or disclosure laws:

        A.      This proposed registration is on file or will shortly be on file and effective in the following
        states: Michigan, Minnesota, South Dakota, Washington and Wisconsin.


        B.      The registration is exempt from the registration requirements of the following states:
        California, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, and Virginia.

        C.      States which have refused, by order or otherwise, to register these franchises: None


        D.      States which have revoked or suspended the right to offer the franchises: None.


        E.      States in which the proposed registration of these franchises has been withdrawn:
                None
                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  HAWAII ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
