         Truck at the Sales Location pursuant to this Agreement is made upon the request of and as an
         accommodation to the Operator and the Operator-Owner in connection with the Franchise
         Agreement and the Business, and is entirely voluntary on the part of the Operator and the Operator-
         Owner and does not constitute an independent or separate franchise or franchise agreement.

    18. Affirmation of Franchise Agreement and the Assignment. The Operator and the Operator-Owner
        acknowledge, affirm and agree to all of their respective covenants and obligations under the
        Franchise Agreement and the Assignment as if entered into, undertaken and otherwise made again
        this day (with this Agreement, including the Food Truck License Summary) and the Food Truck
        Lease and reaffirm the continuing existence and validity of the Franchise Agreement and the
        Assignment. The Operator and the Operator-Owner covenant that, subject to their terms and
        conditions as modified by this Agreement, the Franchise Agreement and the Assignment are in full
        force and effect as of the date of this Agreement, and will remain in full force and effect, subject to
        their terms.

    19. Operator-Owner Guaranty. Pursuant to the Assignment and this Agreement, the Operator-Owner
        agrees to be personally bound by, and personally liable for the breach of, each and every term and
        condition of the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in this
        Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary) and the Food Truck Lease. Nothing
        contained in this Agreement will be deemed to relieve the Operator-Owner of any of the Operator-
        Owner’s obligations contained in the Assignment or the Franchise Agreement. The Operator-
        Owner further agrees to, and by this instrument does hereby guarantee the performance by the
        Operator, in the same manner and with the same recourse against the Operator-Owner, as if the
        Operator-Owner were the Operator, of all of the Operator’s obligations, commitments, duties and
        liabilities under the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in
        this Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary) and the Food Truck Lease. Without
        limiting the above, the Operator-Owner irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to Chick-fil-
        A: (i) that the Operator will pay all amounts to be paid and otherwise comply with all provisions
        of the Franchise Agreement, this Agreement or any other agreements with Chick-fil-A or its
        affiliates concerning the operation of the Businesses, including the Food Truck; and (ii) that if the
        Operator defaults in making any of these payments or complying with any of these provisions, the
        Operator-Owner will pay immediately upon demand all amounts due and owing Chick-fil-A and
        all damages that may arise as a result of the Operator’s non-compliance.

    20. Cross-Default. Any violation or breach by the Operator-Owner of any term or condition of the
        Assignment or the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the provisions contained in
        this Agreement (including the Food Truck License Summary) or the Food Truck Lease, will also
        constitute a violation and breach of the same term or condition by the Operator, a default by the
        Operator under the Assignment and the Franchise Agreement and, under its terms, grounds for
        termination and/or non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement and the franchise granted under the
        Franchise Agreement.

    21. Acceptance of Risk of Food Truck Program. The Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge
        and agree that Chick-fil-A is in the development stages of the Food Truck Program and that
        participation in the Food Truck Program under this Agreement involves substantial risks. The
        Operator and the Operator-Owner acknowledge and agree that the Operator and the Operator-
        Owner are aware of the risks and that the Operator and the Operator-Owner agree to bear the risk
        of the success or failure of the Food Truck Program and the Food Truck in reliance solely on the
        Operator and the Operator-Owner’s own business judgment.

    22. Execution; Counterparts. The parties acknowledge and agree that, (i) the Food Truck License
        Summary is complete and accurate and forms a part of this Agreement; and (ii) this Agreement,
        including the Food Truck License Summary, as well as the Franchise Agreement and the
Food Truck License Agreement                          13
(Business Entity)
