        Chick-fil-A reserves the right to attempt to enforce all of the provisions listed below in which
        Chick-fil-A indicates that the “provision may not be enforceable under California law.”

                The Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement each provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may
        not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. § 101, et seq.).

                California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to
        you concerning non-renewal, transfer and termination of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any
        Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy
        Code provides rights to you concerning termination of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any
        Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy
        Code also provides rights to you concerning termination of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease,
        any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement upon certain
        bankruptcy-related events. To the extent the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession
        Sublicense Agreement or any Delivery Kitchen Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent
        with the law, the law will control.

                If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
        expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense
        Agreement or any Delivery Kitchen Agreement, this provision may not be enforceable under
        California law.

                If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires payment of liquidated damages that are inconsistent with
        California Civil Code Section 1671, the liquidated damages provision may not be enforceable under
        California law.

                If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires litigation, arbitration, or mediation to be conducted in a
        forum other than the State of California, this provision may not be enforceable under California
        law.

                If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State of
        California, this provision may not be enforceable under California law.

                No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
        connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
        any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
        disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person
        acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
        executed in connection with the franchise.

         9.       Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent that the jurisdictional and any other requirements of the California law applicable to the
provision are met independent of and without reference to this Addendum. This Addendum shall have no
force or effect if such jurisdictional or any other requirements are not met.



                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                            FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
