                      ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF INDIANA

        In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 23-
2-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to
23-2-2.7-7, the Franchise Disclosure Document of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the State of Indiana shall be
amended as follows:

        1.      Item 3, “Litigation,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                Neither Chick-fil-A nor any person identified in Item 2 above has any
                administrative, criminal or material civil action pending against them alleging a
                violation of a franchise antitrust or securities law, unfair or deceptive practices, or
                comparable allegations.

                Neither Chick-fil-A, nor any person identified in Item 2 above, is subject to any
                currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to the franchise
                or under a federal, state or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation
                or trade practice law resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding
                brought by a public agency.


        2.      Item 12, “Territory,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                Chick-fil-A will not compete unfairly with the Operator within a reasonable area
                of your Chick-fil-A Restaurant.

         3.    The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement, items b and c, under the subheadings
entitled “Renewal or extension of term” and “Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) deems it unlawful for the Operator to
                prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which
                purports to relieve Chick-fil-A from liability imposed by Indiana State Code 23-2-
                2.7.

         4.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item r, under the subheading entitled “Non-
Competition covenants after the franchise is terminated or expires,” shall be supplemented by the addition
of the following language:

                The post-termination covenant not to compete complies with Indiana State Code
                23-2-2.7-1(9) which prohibits Chick-fil-A from prohibiting the Operator from
                competing for a period longer than 3 years or in an area greater than the exclusive
                area, if any, contained in the Franchise Agreement.

        5.              The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause” shall be amended to read as follows:


                                   CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                 INDIANA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
