Chick-fil-A, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022

        •   Short-term investments and Long-term investments were previously presented together in
            Investments.
        • The current portion of Receivables, net is now included in Accounts and Notes receivable.
        • Long-term assets previously included in Receivables, net and Prepaid expenses and other
            assets, are now presented together in Other long-term assets.
        • Refundable franchisees’ deposits previously presented in Franchisees’ deposits is now
            presented in Other current liabilities.
        • Non-refundable franchisees’ deposits previously presented in Trade payables and other
            are now presented in Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities.
        • Dividends payable and Financing obligations are now presented together in Other current
            liabilities.
        • Long-term pension and postretirement health obligations previously presented in Accrued
            expenses and obligations are now presented in Other long-term liabilities.
        • Long-term liabilities that were previously included in Other trade payables, Accrued
            expenses and obligations, and Financing obligations are now presented together in Other
            long-term liabilities.
        • Long-term notes payable were previously presented in Notes payable.
        • Long-term finance lease liabilities were previously presented in Finance lease liabilities.
        • Long-term operating lease liabilities were previously presented in Operating lease
            liabilities.
    These reclassifications only impacted presentation on the accompanying balance sheets and did
    not have any impact on the consolidated financial results for any period presented.

    Use of Estimates
    The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management of
    the Company to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets
    and liabilities and income and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
    Actual results could differ from those estimates.

    Foreign currency translation
    Subsidiaries outside the United States use a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar. The
    financial statements for these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars as follows: assets and
    liabilities at year-end exchange rates; income, expenses, and cash flows at average exchange
    rates; and contributed equity at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustment is
    recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying
    consolidated balance sheets.

    Foreign exchange gain arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the
    functional currency of the entity involved is included in Other income in the accompanying
    consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. Foreign exchange loss is included in selling,
    general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
    comprehensive earnings.

    Risks and Uncertainties
    The Company’s results of operations are impacted by certain risks and uncertainties, including
    general economic conditions which may either positively or negatively impact sales at our
    franchised and company-operated restaurant locations.




                                                  9
