    AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND LEASE
                 REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

        In recognition of the requirements of California law, including the California Franchise Investment
Law, CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE Section 31000 et seq., and the California Franchise Relations Act, CAL.
BUS. & PROF. CODE Section 20000 et seq., the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the
“Franchise Agreement”) and its attached Lease (the “Initial Lease”) dated as of ______________, or its
attached Concession Sublicense Agreement (“Concession Sublicense Agreement”) as applicable, and any
attached Additional Business Amendment (with its attached Lease, Concession Sublicense Agreement or
Delivery Kitchen Agreement as applicable) (the Initial Lease and any Lease attached to any Additional
Business Amendment, individually referred to below as the “Lease”), do hereby agree as follows:

         1.     Section 24.1(1)(e) of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Termination,”
and Section 10.1 of the Lease, under the heading entitled “Default,” shall be supplemented by the addition
of the following language:

                The Franchise Agreement and the Lease each provides for termination upon bankruptcy.
        This provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. § 101, et seq.).

        2.      Section 2 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Term and Additional
Businesses,” Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Termination,” Section 2
of the Lease entitled “Site, Term and Use,” Section 10 of the Lease entitled “Default, Termination and
Remedies,” Section 4 of any Concession Sublicense Agreement entitled “Term; Termination,” Section 7 of
any Concession Sublicense Agreement entitled “Default; Termination and Expiration,” Section 4 of any
Delivery Kitchen Agreement entitled “Term; Termination,” and Section 7 of any Delivery Kitchen
Agreement entitled “Default; Termination and Expiration,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language:

                California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to
        the Franchise concerning non-renewal, transfer and termination of the Franchise Agreement, the
        Lease(s), any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen Agreement. The
        Federal Bankruptcy Code provides rights to the Franchise concerning termination of the Franchise
        Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
        Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy Code also provides rights to the Franchise concerning
        termination of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any
        Delivery Kitchen Agreement upon certain bankruptcy-related events. To the extent the Franchise
        Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement and any Delivery Kitchen
        Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

       3.     Section 19 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Competition,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language:

                The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
        expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. This provision may not be enforceable under
        California law.

        4.      Section 23 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictions Deemed
Reasonable” shall be amended by deleting the remainder of the final sentence beginning “not based on any
representations”, so that Section 23 reads as follows:




                                  CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
                  CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
