     the duration of the policy (excluding any equipment) will not exceed 6% of the annual Gross
     Receipts of your franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurant business. Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy does not
     extend to, affect or limit in any way, your obligation to pay any other monies or charges due under
     the Franchise Agreement or any additional charges and expenses due under any Lease. Chick-fil-
     A’s Rent Policy has been established unilaterally as part of Chick-fil-A’s internal working
     procedures. Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy is not a part of any contract between Chick-fil-A and you
     and does not create any rights or expectations for you under your Franchise Agreement and its
     attached Lease(s), including the rent calculation report(s). Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy also does not
     amend, modify or affect any contract rights and obligations between Chick-fil-A and you as
     otherwise set forth in the Franchise Agreement and its attached Lease(s), including the rent
     calculation report(s). The application of Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy to individual situations may
     vary. Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy is subject to revocation and/or change at any time in the future as
     determined by Chick-fil-A in its sole and exclusive business judgment. Chick-fil-A’s Rent Policy
     does not apply to occupancy charges for a captive venue unit or a delivery kitchen unit.

     The rent figures reflected above in this Item 6 represent the lowest and highest approximate
     amounts of monthly rent paid by any single Chick-fil-A Operator during calendar year 2024 under
     the lease or sublease for the Operator’s franchised traditional Chick-fil-A Restaurant business,
     including, where applicable, for percentage rent. In unusual circumstances which include special
     costs, the fees paid by you may be higher than those outlined in this Item 6. These circumstances
     may include certain high-cost sites.

7.   If Chick-fil-A offers you a license to operate a Chick-fil-A Restaurant business under your
     Franchise Agreement as a captive venue unit, you will pay an occupancy charge to the premises
     owner or manager under the Concession Agreement. We currently estimate the occupancy charge
     will be between 4% to 30% of Gross Receipts of the captive venue unit, covering the charges for
     the right to occupy and use the premises (comparable to rent and any percentage rent), use of any
     owner/manager supplied equipment, owner/manager supplied services, and common area charges.
     The wide range of the estimated occupancy charge demonstrates that each captive venue unit
     opportunity is unique, and the economic terms of the particular Concession Agreement should be
     reviewed and evaluated carefully. The occupancy charge payable under the Concession Sublicense
     Agreement to the captive venue unit premises owner or manager will vary depending on where
     your franchised captive venue Chick-fil-A Restaurant business is located, the size of the premises,
     the equipment and services provided by the owner or manager of the premises, if any, and other
     factors. The occupancy charge may be payable and described in whole or in part similarly to rent
     as a percentage of Gross Receipts or stated dollar amount. Alternatively, the same charges may be
     described under a commission structure, where the owner or manager of the premises collects the
     Gross Receipts of the captive venue unit from sales to customers and then distributes to you (or
     Chick-fil-A on your behalf) a “commission” where your commission is the balance of the Gross
     Receipts after the owner or manager of the premises subtracts the occupancy charge amount (and
     if applicable, any sales tax the owner or manager undertakes the responsibility to report and pay).
     The occupancy charge stated in the Concession Agreement is passed through to you dollar for
     dollar under the Concession Sublicense Agreement, with no markup and no cap.

     If Chick-fil-A offers you a license to operate a Chick-fil-A Restaurant business under your
     Franchise Agreement as a delivery kitchen unit, you will pay a use/occupancy fee to Chick-fil-A
     or, in the alternative, use/occupancy charge to the premises owner, licensor or manager under the
     DK Lease. We currently estimate the use/occupancy fee or charge as applicable will be between
     4% to 30% of Gross Receipts of the delivery kitchen unit, covering the charges for the right to
     occupy and use the premises, the applicable delivery commission fees or their equivalent, and the
     marketing and promotion commissions or fees or their equivalent (comparable to rent and any
     percentage rent), use of any owner/licensor/manager supplied equipment, owner/licensor/manager
     supplied services, and common area charges. The wide range of the estimated use/occupancy fee
     or charge as applicable demonstrates that each delivery kitchen unit opportunity is unique and the
                                                 33
