t. Integration/merger clause*        Lease 14      Only the terms of the agreement, including its exhibits, and the
                                    Concession     Franchise Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and
                                     Sublicense    ancillary agreements are binding (subject to applicable state
                                      Agr. 12      law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to rely upon any
                                                   promises or statements not in the agreement and the Franchise
                                    DK Agr. 12
                                                   Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
                                                   our representations in this Disclosure Document, including
                                                   its exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
                                                   provisions above may not be enforceable under California
                                                   law. We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce
                                                   all of the provisions listed above.

        4.       The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the
following language at the conclusion of the provisions in item b entitled “Renewal or extension of the term,”
item e entitled “Termination by franchisor without cause,” and item f entitled “Termination by franchisor
with cause”:

        The Minnesota Franchise Act provides franchisees with certain termination and non-
        renewal rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14 (subd. 3, 4, and 5) currently requires, except
        in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with
        60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice of nonrenewal. If the Franchise Agreement, the
        Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement and/or
        Franchise Disclosure Document contain(s) a provision that is inconsistent with the
        Minnesota Franchise Act, the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the Lease and/or any
        Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement will be superseded by
        the Minnesota Franchise Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.

        5.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the
following language at the conclusion of the provision in item w entitled “Choice of law”:

        If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement and/or Franchise Disclosure Document require(s) that it be governed
        by a state’s law, other than the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way
        abrogate or reduce any rights of the Operator as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise
        Act, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.

        6.     The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement and the Item 17 table for the Lease and any
Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery Kitchen Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the
following language at the conclusion of the provision in item v entitled “Choice of forum”:

        If the Franchise Agreement, the Lease, any Concession Sublicense Agreement or Delivery
        Kitchen Agreement and/or Franchise Disclosure Document requires the Operator to sue
        Chick-fil-A outside of the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way
        abrogate or reduce any rights of the Operator as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise
        Act, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.

        7.      Item 17 shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the end of the item:
                                 CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
               MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                           FOR PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES
