Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement 
Exhibit W (03/2025) 
7 
Forbearance Agreement. 
 
(f) 
Joint and Several.  If Franchisee consists of more than one (1) person, each person’s 
liability and obligation under this Forbearance Agreement shall be joint and several.   
(g) 
Notices. 
(1) 
All notices required or permitted to be given under this Forbearance Agreement to 
BKC shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, postage 
fully prepaid, addressed to Burger King Company LLC at its offices at 5707 Blue Lagoon  Drive, 
Miami, Florida 33126, Attention: Vice President, Development and Franchising, with a copy 
addressed to Burger King Company LLC at P.O. Box 020783, General Mail Facility, Miami, Florida 
33102-0783, Attention: General Counsel, or at such other address as BKC shall from time to time 
designate in writing.  
(2) 
All notices to Franchisee shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered or sent by 
registered or certified mail, addressed to Franchisee at any Restaurant, or Franchisee’s last mailing 
address designated to BKC in writing. 
(3) 
Notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual receipt or the third (3rd) 
day after being deposited in the U.S. Mail, registered or certified mail, postage fully prepaid. 
 
(h) 
Survival.  Provisions of this Forbearance Agreement that by their nature are intended to 
survive termination of this Forbearance Agreement shall survive termination of this Forbearance 
Agreement. 
 
(i) 
Amendments; Benefit.  Except as otherwise provided in this Forbearance Agreement, 
this Forbearance Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed and delivered 
by all of the parties hereto.  This Forbearance Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of all the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided 
that, none of the parties shall assign any of their rights and obligations under this Forbearance 
Agreement to any other person, without the consent, in writing, of the other party.   
 
(j) 
Entire Agreement.  The above recitals are hereby made a part of this Forbearance 
Agreement.  All exhibits and all documents and other papers included as part of any exhibits to this 
Forbearance Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Forbearance Agreement by reference.  
This Forbearance Agreement, including the exhibits, supersedes any previous agreements, 
understandings, or arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and 
sets forth the entire understanding between the parties relating to such subject matter, there being 
no terms, conditions, warranties, or representations other than those contained herein.   
 
(k) 
Time is of the Essence.  Time is of the essence of each provision hereof. 
 
(l) 
Confidential Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the terms of this 
Forbearance Agreement are confidential and shall be governed by the confidentiality provisions in 
the Franchise Agreements. 
 
(m) 
Counterparts.  This Forbearance Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and 
the same instrument.   
(i) 
Franchise Agreements. The provisions of this Forbearance Agreement provide a process 
for implementing the remodel requirements, commonly referred to as the “midterm remodel 
requirements” (usually set forth in Section 5(b) of the Franchise Agreements and providing for the 
