Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
28
19. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANT; GUARANTY OF OBLIGATIONS 
Franchisee covenants and agrees for itself, its parent, subsidiaries and Affiliates that during 
the Term of this Agreement they will not own, operate or have any interest in any hamburger business 
except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  Franchisee further covenants and agrees that for a 
period of one (1) year after any sale, assignment, transfer, termination or expiration of this Agreement, 
these entities will not own, operate or have any interest in any hamburger business, except other franchised 
BURGER KING Restaurants, either at or within two (2) miles of the Premises.  At BKC's request, Franchisee 
shall require each Owner to execute an agreement similar in substance to this Section in a form acceptable 
to BKC and naming BKC as a third party beneficiary with the independent right to enforce such agreement. 
Each Owner of Franchisee shall jointly and severally guarantee Franchisee’s payment and 
performance under this Agreement and also shall bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement pursuant 
to a Guaranty in a form prescribed by BKC.   BKC reserves the right to require any guarantor to provide 
personal financial statements to BKC from time to time.
20. 
RESOLUTION OF DEVELOPMENT DISPUTES 
A. 
Non-Binding Mediation 
BKC and Franchisee agree that they shall attempt to resolve any dispute 
(“Development Dispute”) that arises out of a decision by BKC to develop or authorize development of a new 
restaurant (“Development Decision”), by negotiation between Franchisee and representatives of BKC who 
have authority to settle the Development Dispute.  The BKC representative shall be at a higher level of 
management than the person with direct responsibility for the initial Development Decision.  If the matter 
has not been resolved within Thirty (30) days of referral of the Development Dispute to the BKC 
representative for negotiation, BKC and Franchisee shall attempt to settle the Development Dispute by non-
binding mediation.  The mediation procedure to be followed by the parties shall be set forth in BKC's then 
current Procedures for Resolving Development Disputes (the “Procedures”). 
B. 
Binding Dispute Resolution 
The Procedures shall also set forth a binding dispute resolution process which may 
be initiated pursuant to the Procedures at the sole election of Franchisee in the event the dispute is not 
resolved through the mediation process.  Subject to modifications made pursuant to Section 20.C. below, 
the Procedures shall remain valid and enforceable by Franchisee and BKC for the Term of this Agreement. 
C. 
Modification of Procedures 
The terms and conditions of the Procedures shall not be materially modified by 
BKC without the express written approval of the Franchisee Advisory Council. 
D. 
Institution of Legal Proceedings 
Franchisee shall not institute any legal or administrative proceeding for claims 
arising out of a Development Decision without first attempting to resolve the Development Dispute through 
negotiation and non-binding mediation.  If the Development Dispute has not been resolved through 
negotiation or mediation pursuant to Sections 20.A and Franchisee has not timely elected the optional 
binding dispute resolution pursuant to 20.B above, either party may initiate litigation. 
