Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
17
to, claims related to the employment of Franchisee’s employees.  This obligation of Franchisee to indemnify 
and defend BKC is separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under the provisions of 
Section 13.A.  
(2) 
Franchisee agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC and BKC's officers, 
directors, agents, employees, attorneys, and accountants, subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies, 
harmless of, from and with respect to any claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, 
debts or damages any of them may incur (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising from or relating to 
any offering of securities or partnership interests of Franchisee, including claims, demands, losses, 
obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages arising from or related to any alleged violation of 
any federal or state securities law in connection with any offering.  BKC shall notify Franchisee of any 
claims, and Franchisee shall be given the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter.  If Franchisee 
fails to assume the defense, BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and 
Franchisee shall pay to BKC all costs, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense, 
in addition to any sum BKC may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against BKC.  BKC's right to 
indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may 
be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law.  BKC and the other indemnitees shall, 
in all instances, have the right to be represented by counsel of its/their own choosing, at Franchisee’s 
expense, and to participate in the defense of any such claim.   
F. 
Defense of Claims 
BKC shall notify Franchisee of any claims, and Franchisee shall be given the 
opportunity to assume the defense of the matter;  however, BKC shall have the right to participate in the 
defense of any claim or action against it which is assumed by Franchisee, at BKC's own cost and expense.  
If Franchisee fails to assume the defense of any claim covered by the indemnification provisions of Section 
13.E., BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Franchisee shall pay to BKC 
all costs, including attorneys' fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense, in addition to any sum which 
BKC may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against BKC.  No settlement of any claim against 
BKC shall be made by Franchisee which is in excess of the amount of insurance referred to in Section 13.B 
or which would subject BKC to liability in any amount not covered by such insurance without the prior written 
consent of BKC.  If the indemnifiable claim involves multiple franchisees and BKC reasonably determines 
that consolidation of all such claims would be in the best interests of BKC and the affected franchisees, 
including Franchisee (in which case any liability of Franchisee hereunder would be on a pro rata basis), 
BKC shall have the right to defend the claim, action or demand by appropriate proceedings with sole power 
to direct and control such defense with respect to BKC, and Franchisee shall pay to BKC a pro rata share 
of all costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense and any 
subsequent legal appeal, in addition to any sums which BKC may pay by reason of any settlement or 
judgment against BKC. 
14. 
TAXES 
Franchisee shall pay when due all Taxes levied or assessed in connection with the 
possession, ownership or operation of the Franchised Restaurant or in connection with amounts paid or 
received under this Agreement, including any Indirect Tax (other than any Tax that is measured by or 
related to the net income of BKC or to its corporate status in a state).  If any such Tax shall be paid by BKC, 
Franchisee shall promptly reimburse BKC the amount paid.  In the event of any bona fide dispute as to the 
liability for a Tax assessed against Franchisee, Franchisee may contest the validity or the amount of the 
Tax in accordance with procedures of the Tax Authority.  Franchisee shall not permit a tax sale or seizure 
against the Franchised Restaurant or equipment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein, the amount of all fees payable 
pursuant to this Agreement by the Franchisee do not include Indirect Tax and, in the event Indirect Tax 
applies on the fees payable pursuant to this Agreement, Franchisee will be responsible for such Indirect 
