Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
29 
(13) 
A final judgment against Franchisee (including a final judgment in favor of 
BKC or any Affiliate of BKC) remains unsatisfied of record for thirty (30) days (unless a supersedeas or 
other appeal bond has been filed), or if a levy of execution is made upon the franchise granted by this 
Agreement or upon any property used in the Franchised Restaurant, and said levy is not discharged within 
five (5) days of said levying. 
(14) 
Conviction of Franchisee, the Operating Partner, or, if this Agreement has 
been assigned to a Corporation or LLC, conviction of the Corporation or LLC, or an officer, director, 
shareholder, or member of the Corporation or LLC, in a court of competent jurisdiction of (i) an indictable 
offense punishable by a term of imprisonment in excess of one (1) year, (ii) any offense, regardless of how 
punishable, for which a material element is fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude, or (iii) any other crime or 
offense arising from or related to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, other franchised BURGER 
KING Restaurants, the BURGER KING Restaurant business of the Franchisee or any other business of the 
Franchisee or the Operating Partner that BKC believes is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on 
the BURGER KING System, the BURGER KING Marks, or the good will associated therewith in the 
geographical area where the Franchised Restaurant is located.  If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall 
have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee and 
with no opportunity to cure. 
(15) 
Franchisee uses or duplicates the BURGER KING System or engages in 
unfair competition in violation of Section 12 of this Agreement or discloses any trade secrets of BKC in 
violation of Section 11.A(1) of this Agreement.  If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee but with no opportunity 
to cure. 
(16) 
Franchisee denies BKC the right to inspect the Franchised Restaurant or 
to audit the sales and accounting records of the Franchised Restaurant. 
(17) 
Conduct by Franchisee or the Operating Partner which is deleterious to or 
reflects unfavorably on Franchisee or the BURGER KING System by exhibiting a reckless disregard for the 
physical and mental wellbeing of employees, customers, BKC representatives or the public at large 
including battery, assault, sexual harassment or other forms of threatening, outrageous, willfully 
discriminatory or unacceptable behavior.  An act of default under this Section 18.A.(17) does not require 
any criminal action to be brought against Franchisee or the Operating Partner.  If this act of default shall 
occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice 
to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure. 
(18) 
Failure by Franchisee to make prompt payment of undisputed bills, 
invoices or statements from suppliers of goods or services to the Franchised Restaurant and lenders, 
landlords or other vendors of the Franchisee. Franchisee shall have sixty (60) days after notice to cure the 
default. 
(19) 
Any sale, assignment, merger or transfer of any interest of Franchisee in 
this Agreement in violation of Sections 3, 15 or 16 of this Agreement, and, if this Agreement has been 
assigned to a Corporation or a LLC, the creation, sale, assignment, or transfer of the stock of the 
Corporation, or membership interests in the LLC in violation of Sections 3, 15 or 16 of this Agreement.  The 
failure of an Heir to be approved by BKC under Section 15.C. of this Agreement, or to transfer the 
Franchised Restaurant to an approved Franchisee, within eighteen (18) months of the Franchisee’s death 
or incapacity shall be in violation of Section 15 of this Agreement for purposes of this Section 18.A.(19). If 
this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon notice to 
Franchisee without opportunity to cure.  
