Item 7 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
The following tables show our current estimates of the initial investment required to develop and 
open various configurations of Restaurant facilities.   
Traditional Facility:  A self-contained, full-size Restaurant located and operated on a site 
as a freestanding building.  A Traditional Restaurant does not share any common areas with any other 
businesses and serves the standard approved menu for BURGER KING Restaurants. 
Institutional Locations:  “Institutional Locations” are typically Non-Traditional facilities 
and include government buildings and facilities, medical facilities, airports, train and bus stations, sports 
facilities, factories, corporate campuses, turnpikes, limited access toll roads, theme parks, zoos, casinos and 
educational facilities.  The owner of an Institutional location may or may not be the operator of those 
Restaurants. 
Non-Traditional Facility: A Restaurant that may be located at a site that includes other 
businesses, such as retail, food service, gas stations, convenience stores, other franchised businesses or 
restaurants or other similar facilities.  The Restaurant operated at this site may be a full size, Modular Retail 
System (“MRS”), Food court, Co-brand, In-line, or Big-Box facility and may or may not have dedicated 
seating.  The following are examples of Non-traditional Facilities:  
Co-brand: At certain locations, this Restaurant will share the building with other concepts, 
such as other restaurants, retail, and oil and gas facilities.  We must specifically approve the concept that 
will share the site with a co-branded Restaurant.  All costs reflect the Restaurant business and facility only.  
Costs associated with any co-branded business at the location are not shown. 
In-line: A Restaurant is “in-line” if it is in a building that has other businesses to one or 
both sides.  Size, menu and production capabilities may vary.  Occupancy costs generally include common 
area maintenance charges. 
End-Cap:  An In-line where the Restaurant is located at the far end of the building.  
Food court: This Restaurant will be located inside a shopping center, college, airport or 
other closed environment.  It usually has a common dining area.  Occupancy costs generally include 
common area maintenance charges. 
MRS:  The MRS units have limited production capability and generally offer a limited 
menu which can vary by location.   
Big-Box:  The Restaurant will be located inside the retail outlet of a big-box retailer.   
Page 38 
