BKC FDD 01/2026 
Exhibit V
8 
to the Cloud Services, and any changes, modifications or 
corrections thereof.  Franchisee hereby irrevocably assigns to 
Provider, its Affiliates and its licensors, as applicable, any and 
all rights it may be deemed to have in any changes, 
modifications or corrections to the Cloud Services.  Franchisee 
agrees to execute all documents necessary to implement and 
effect such assignment. Franchisee shall not, and shall not 
permit any third party to, (i) modify or use the Cloud Services 
except to the extent expressly permitted in Section 4.2 and in 
the applicable Order Form; (ii) decompile, reverse engineer, 
disassemble or otherwise determine or attempt to determine 
the source code (or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure 
or organization) of any object code contained in the Cloud 
Services; or (iii) market, sublicense, distribute, reproduce, rent, 
lease or offer for timesharing the Cloud Services.     
4.4. Payment Services.  Franchisee acknowledges that any 
payment collection or processing services to be utilized by 
Franchisee in connection with the Cloud Services will be 
provided by a service provider approved by Provider in 
accordance with the Franchise Contracts, and that Franchisee 
shall not be able to make use of such services before having 
entered into a direct contractual relationship with such service 
provider. Neither Provider nor any of its Affiliates will be 
responsible for, nor do Provider or any of its Affiliates assume 
any liability for, any service provider’s payment collection or 
processing services. 
4.5 Franchisee Duties and Obligations.  Franchisee shall be 
solely responsible for (i) ensuring that the Franchisee and its 
employees and agents, each Restaurant and each applicable 
Authorized User’s usage of the Cloud Services is in full 
compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, (ii) 
ensuring the accuracy, completeness, quality, integrity, 
legality, reliability, and appropriateness of any content 
uploaded to the Cloud Services or otherwise provided by 
Franchisee and any of the Restaurants to Provider, any of 
Provider’s Affiliates, or any of Provider’s designees (including 
any and all public-facing items and any other Menu Data) and 
that such content does not infringe any rights (including IP 
Rights) of any third party, and (iii) otherwise satisfying, 
completing, and performing any and all obligations of 
Franchisee set forth in each Order Form.  
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee 
further acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee shall be 
solely responsible for (i) determining, collecting, and remitting 
all Taxes levied, assessed, or processed in connection with the 
Cloud Services; (ii) the legality, accuracy, and completeness of 
all Tax calculations or payments levied, assessed, or processed 
in connection with the Cloud Services; and (iii) ensuring full 
compliance with online marketplace seller laws, rules, and 
regulations (including without limitation those governing 
digital services Taxes).  If Provider receives an assessment for 
Franchisee’s Indirect Taxes or any similar Taxes (including 
digital services Taxes), Franchisee shall fully cooperate and use 
its best efforts to support for remittance of Indirect Taxes or 
any similar Taxes, and Franchisee shall promptly and fully 
compensate Provider for such Taxes upon receipt of a refund 
of such Taxes from the applicable Tax Authority.  
Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that Provider, 
Provider’s Affiliates, and Provider’s designees may, at any 
time, have full access, both on-site and from a remote 
location, to all of Franchisee's computer data, equipment, 
and systems containing any and all of the information, 
records and reports required to be maintained by Franchisee 
in accordance with the Franchise Contracts and may use the 
data in the evaluation of products and services, store 
performance, tests, EBITDA performance, and as an analytical 
tool to improve the performance and operation of the Cloud 
Services.  
5. FEES AND PAYMENTS 
5.1. Fees Payable. In consideration for Provider’s performance 
under this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay Provider or its 
designated representative the fees and other amounts set 
forth on all applicable Order Forms. All fees and other 
amounts due under this Agreement or any Order Form shall 
be due upon receipt of invoice, without set-off or claim.   
Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any payments made 
by Franchisee under this Agreement or any Order Form shall, 
once paid, not be refundable nor creditable for any reason 
whatsoever. 
5.2. Late Fees; Rights and Remedies. Provider may charge a 
late fee equal to the lesser of (i) eighteen percent (18.0%) per 
annum, or (ii) the maximum amount allowed by applicable 
law, on any outstanding past due balance that is not the 
subject of a good faith dispute.  Provider may also pursue any 
other rights or remedies available to it at law, any Franchising 
Contract, or this Agreement.  
5.3. Taxes. It is understood and agreed by the parties that 
Franchisee will be responsible for complying with all 
applicable Indirect Tax obligations in respect of any payment 
made by Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement and each 
Order Form.  The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that 
the amount of all fees payable by Franchisee to Provider 
pursuant to this Agreement and each Order Form exclude 
Indirect Tax, and in the event Indirect Tax applies under either 
existing law or a future change in statute or interpretation that 
results in Indirect Tax on the Fees, Franchisee shall bear the 
economic burden of such Indirect Tax and remit payment of 
the applicable Indirect Tax amount to the relevant Tax 
Authority or to Provider, without any decrease in fees payable 
under this Agreement or any Order Form.   
6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
6.1. Access; Ownership. Franchisee acknowledges that during 
the performance of this Agreement, Franchisee will have 
access to Confidential Information. Franchisee agrees that all 
such Confidential Information is proprietary to Provider and 
its Affiliates and shall remain the sole property of Provider and 
its Affiliates.  
6.2. Obligations. Except as may be expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, Franchisee agrees during the term of this 
Agreement and thereafter, as follows: (i) to use the 
Confidential Information only for the purposes of performing 
this Agreement; (ii) to hold such Confidential Information in 
confidence and restrict it from dissemination to, and use by, 
