Carrols Refranchise Addendum  
Exhibit F3 (01/2026)  
BK #_________ 
3 
Remodel of each of the Remodel Restaurants (collectively, the “RTF2 Remodels”) is a material 
consideration for and inducement to BKC to enter into the Franchise Agreement and this Addendum.  All 
provisions of the Remodel Agreement shall be applicable to the Franchised Restaurant if it is required to 
be remodeled under the Remodel Agreement, including, but not limited to, Sections 7 and 8 of the Remodel 
Agreement. 
5. 
LOCKUP PERIOD. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, 
including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 15.F, until such time as the RTF2 Remodels of the 
Remodel Restaurants have all been Completed in accordance with the Remodel Agreement and this 
Addendum, BKC may withhold its consent to any proposed transfer of an interest referred to in Section 
15.A or 15.B for any reason or no reason whatsoever in its sole discretion. 
6. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION. Subsection (26) of Section 18.A. of the Franchise Agreement is 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
“(26) Failure by (i) Franchisee to comply with any other provisions of this Agreement, the 
Lease, or any other agreement relating to the Franchised Restaurant, (ii) Franchisee (or 
any Affiliate of Franchisee) to comply with any provision of the Remodel Agreement, 
including without limitation, failure to Complete any one (1) or more of the RTF2 Remodels, 
(iii) Franchisee (or any Affiliate of Franchisee) to comply with any provision of the APA,  or 
(iv) Franchisee (or any Affiliate of Franchisee) to comply with any provision of any BURGER 
KING franchise agreement, lease or other agreement between Franchisee (or such 
Affiliate) and BKC (other than the Remodel Agreement and the APA, which are the subject 
of Sections 26(ii) and (iii) above) relating to any of the Purchased Restaurants. With respect 
to any default under this Section 18.A.(26), Franchisee (or such Affiliate) shall have the 
shorter of the following periods to cure such default: (i) thirty (30) days after notice and (ii) 
the applicable cure period (if any) set forth in such applicable other agreement, which 
period shall be deemed to be zero (0) days if such applicable other agreement specifies 
that there is no right to cure.” 
7. 
RIGHT TO PURCHASE.  Section 18.B.2 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced by the following: 
“(2) 
Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, the option to purchase all or part of the usable paper goods, containers and 
printed menus bearing the BURGER KING Marks located at the Franchised Restaurant at 
Franchisee’s cost.  Additionally, until the earlier of (A) such date as of which both (i) the 
RTF2 Remodels of each of the Remodel Restaurants have all been Completed in 
accordance with the Remodel Agreement and this Addendum and (ii) the Midterm 
Remodels (as defined in the relevant BURGER KING franchise agreement, including this 
Agreement if the Franchised Restaurant is set forth on SCHEDULE 3)  of each of the 
Purchased Restaurants set forth on SCHEDULE 3 (collectively, the “Midterm Remodel 
Restaurants”), have all been completed in accordance with the relevant franchise 
agreements for such Midterm Remodel Restaurants, as determined by BKC in it sole and 
absolute discretion, and (B) __________, Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination of 
this Agreement following an act of default under this Agreement, the option to purchase all 
or part of the Franchised Restaurant business and the equipment, furniture, fixtures and 
signs used in the operation thereof at a purchase price equal to the Depreciated Value.  
If any mortgage, charge, security interest, lien or encumbrance exists on any item 
purchased pursuant to this Section, BKC shall have the right to pay the amount of such 
mortgage, charge, security interest, lien or encumbrance directly to the creditor and deduct 
such payment from the amount due to Franchisee for the purchase price.  If BKC elects to 
exercise any option to purchase herein provided, closing shall take place within fifteen (15) 
