 
Target Reservation Agreement 
Exhibit C1 (03/2025) 
 
 
 
      2 
hereafter established U. S. Military establishments; and (d) rights or approvals previously granted by BKC 
or its predecessor to other persons or entities are not affected by this Agreement. This Agreement shall not 
limit BKC’s ability to renew or extend existing agreements or enter into new agreements for any BURGER 
KING® restaurants whether previously approved and under development or otherwise. 
1.4. 
Development by BKC or Third Parties; Waiver due to Site Rejection.  
 
1.4.1 
Consistent with Section 1.3(b), BKC may itself, or through a third party as franchisee, 
develop BURGER KING® restaurants within the Target Area(s). 
 
1.4.2 
Where BKC proposes to develop a BURGER KING® restaurant at a Site pursuant to 
clause 1.4.1, it shall give notice to Developer of BKC’s or another franchisee’s intention to do so and in 
such notice identify the Site (“Site Notice”). 
 
1.4.3 
Within fifteen (15) days of receiving the Site Notice, Developer shall provide written notice 
to BKC regarding whether Developer elects to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site (“Site Reply 
Notice”).  
 
 
1.4.3.1 If Developer elects to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site, Developer 
must; (a) obtain Site Approval from BKC and secure property control within sixty (60) days of the Site Notice 
and (b) develop and operate the Franchised Restaurant by the date set forth in Section 2.1 below. 
 
 
1.4.3.2  If Developer elects not to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site for any 
reason or no reason (“Site Rejection”), then:  
 
 
 
(a)  BKC may offer the Site to another franchisee for development or develop the 
Site itself without further delay, including any delays or suspensions to the development process which 
might otherwise be available to Developer in the Procedures for Resolving Development Disputes 
(“Procedures”). Developer hereby waives any right to a Sales Transfer Study under the Procedures with 
respect to the Site, including any right to Conditional Royalty Deferral (as that term is defined in the 
Procedures) based on the results of a Sale Transfer Study.  Developer also hereby waives its rights to an 
“Initial Meeting”, a CEO/PAF conference, or to any delays in the development of the Site which might be 
available under the Procedures; and 
 
 
 
(b) BKC may terminate for convenience this Agreement and refund the Franchise 
Fee Deposit to Developer. 
 
1.4.4 
Failure by Developer to provide the Site Reply Notice, or to provide the Site Reply Notice 
within fifteen (15) days of receiving the Site Notice, shall constitute a Site Rejection under this Agreement.  
 
1.4.5 
Except as limited by § 1.4.3.2 above, Developer shall retain the right to utilize the ADR 
Processes (as that term is defined in the Procedures) to resolve a development dispute with respect to the 
Site.  Neither the identification of a Site by BKC nor the Site Notice shall constitute Franchise Approval or 
Site Approval. 
 
1.4.6 
Success or Viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant.  The Developer agrees that any 
site selection assistance, site identification, or offer to develop a Site by or on behalf of BKC shall not be 
construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating directly or indirectly to the success or 
viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be placed on any warranty, representation 
or advice that may be given by any person by or on behalf of BKC directly or indirectly relating to the 
success or viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant.  Developer agrees to conduct its own independent 
investigation and due diligence with respect to the viability and success of a Site or Franchised Restaurant 
and acknowledges that there are risks associated with the development of a Franchised Restaurant at any 
Site and that there are no guarantees that any Site or Franchised Restaurant will be successful or viable. 
