Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
18 
(h) 
Repeated breaches of provisions of this Lease.  If BKC intends to terminate this Lease 
under this Section 9.1.(h), BKC shall provide notice to Lessee that BKC considers the 
Lessee to have repeatedly breached this Lease, and that BKC intends to terminate this 
Lease if Lessee breaches the Lease at any time after said notice.  If Lessee after receiving 
such notice subsequently breaches this Lease in any manner, BKC shall have the right to 
terminate this Lease upon notice with no further opportunity to cure. 
(i) 
Failure by Lessee to comply with any provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to the 
Premises. 
In the event of a default under this Section 9.1, Lessor shall have such remedies as are provided under 
this Lease and/or under applicable law. 
§9.2  CURE BY LESSOR.  After expiration of the applicable period of notice, or without notice in the event 
of any emergency, Lessor at its option may, but shall not be obligated to, make any payment required of 
Lessee or perform any obligation of Lessee, and the amount Lessor pays, or the cost of its performance, 
together with interest thereon at the highest legal rate permitted, shall be deemed to be an additional charge 
payable by Lessee on demand.  Lessor shall have the right to enter the Premises for the purpose of 
correcting or remedying any default, but neither any expenditure nor any such performance by Lessor shall 
be deemed to waive or release Lessee’s default or the right of Lessor to take such action as may be 
otherwise permissible in the case of default.  The Lessor shall have no liability to the Lessee for any loss 
or damages resulting from any such action by the Lessor, and entry by the Lessor under the provisions of 
Article V or Article IX shall not constitute breach of the covenant for quiet enjoyment or an eviction. 
§9.3  LESSOR’S REMEDIES.  If Lessee is in default under this Lease, Lessor may, at its option, in addition 
to such other remedies as may be available under applicable law: 
(a) 
terminate this Lease and Lessee’s right of possession, and retake possession for Lessor’s 
account.  In such event, Lessor may repair and alter the Premises in any manner as Lessor 
deems reasonably necessary or advisable. All expenses of every nature which Lessor may 
incur such as (by way of illustration and not limitation) those for attorneys’ fees, brokerage, 
advertising, and refurbishing the Premises, shall become immediately due and payable by 
Lessee to Lessor, or 
(b) 
terminate Lessee’s right of possession, but not this Lease, retake possession of the 
Premises for the Lessee’s account, repair, and alter the Premises in any manner as Lessor 
deems reasonably necessary or advisable, and relet the Premises or any part of it, as the 
agent of Lessee, for the whole or any part of the remainder of the Term or for a longer 
period, and Lessor may grant concessions or free rent or charge a higher rental than that 
reserved in this Lease.  Out of any rent collected or received from subtenants or as a result 
of such letting or reletting, Lessor shall first pay to itself all expenses of every nature which 
Lessor may incur such as (by way of illustration and not limitation) those for attorneys’ fees, 
brokerage, advertising, and refurbishing the Premises in good order or preparing them for 
reletting; and second, Lessor shall pay to itself any balance remaining on account of the 
liability of Lessee for the sum equal to all Rent, Additional Rent and other Additional 
Charges due from Lessee through the Original Term Expiration Date.  Should Lessor, 
pursuant to this Section 9.3, not collect rent which, after deductions is sufficient to fully pay 
to Lessor a sum equal to all Rent, Additional Rent and other Additional Charges payable 
through the Original Term Expiration Date, the balance or deficiency shall, at the election 
of Lessor, be paid by Lessee on the first of each month; or 
(c) 
stand by and do nothing, and hold the Lessee liable for all Rent, Additional Rent and other 
Additional Charges payable under this Lease through the Original Term Expiration Date. 
