 
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive) 
Exhibit C2 (03/2025) 
 
 
5 
Developer shall obtain and use only registered architects, registered engineers, and professional and 
licensed contractors who demonstrate to BKC’s reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet BKC’s 
reasonable quality standards (as determined by BKC in its reasonable discretion), in each case, to prepare 
the Construction Plans (including surveys and site and foundation plans), to adapt the Construction Plans 
to applicable local or state laws, regulations or ordinances, and to construct the Franchised Restaurant. 
Developer shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation or all Construction 
Plans including the costs and expenses incurred for any plans containing deviations or modifications from 
BKC’s standard plans and specifications. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Franchised Restaurant may 
not open if construction has not been performed in substantial compliance with the Construction Plans as 
approved by BKC. BKC may terminate this Agreement if such non-compliance is not cured within a 
commercially reasonable amount of time.  
4.5.5 
Developer shall complete the construction of the Franchised Restaurant and commence 
operation of the Franchised Restaurant (the “Opening Date”) by no later than the End Date of the applicable 
Term Year as specified on Exhibit B.  
ARTICLE V: DEPOSIT  
Franchise Fee Deposit.  As consideration for the rights granted herein, Developer shall, upon execution of 
this Agreement, pay to BKC Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) multiplied by the total number of 
Franchised Restaurants to be developed and opened under this Agreement as set forth on Exhibit B (the 
"Franchise Fee Deposit").  Franchise Fee Deposits are deemed fully earned and non-refundable upon 
execution of this Agreement by BKC. Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) of the Franchise Fee Deposit will 
be applied to offset the franchise fee of each proposed Franchised Restaurant.   
ARTICLE VI: DEFAULT 
6.1 
Events of Default.  Each of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this 
Agreement, which, unless otherwise specified, shall entitle BKC to immediately terminate this Agreement 
upon written notice to Developer: 
 
6.1.1. 
Developer fails to achieve the Cumulative Opening Target for any Term Year by the end 
of such Term Year (each such failure, a “Development Default” and each such Term Year, a “Shortfall 
Development Year”); 
 
6.1.2 
Developer (or any affiliate) fails at any time to satisfy the requirements for Franchise 
Approval; 
 
6.1.3 
Developer breaches or otherwise fails to timely comply with any provision of this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, allowing an A# to expire; 
 
6.1.4 
Developer, at any time after the Effective Date, either (i) ranks below the top 50% of U.S. 
franchisees in the same peer category as Developer, as such category is determined by BKC in BKC’s sole 
discretion, in any metric used by BKC to measure operational performance, as measured by BKC, or (ii) 
receives a letter grade of "D" or "F" in any metric used by BKC to measure operational performance, as 
measured by BKC.  For the avoidance of doubt, in determining any ranking,  grade, rating or score of 
Developer pursuant to this paragraph, BKC may consider the performance not only of the BURGER KING® 
restaurants owned and operated by Developer, but also any BURGER KING® restaurants owned and 
operated by any affiliate(s) of Developer, or by any other franchisee owned in whole or in part by (x) any 
one or more of the owners of Developer, or (y) any "Managing Owner" or "Operating Partner" under any 
franchise agreement entered into by Developer or any affiliate of Developer;  
 
6.1.5 
Developer fails to cure any default within the time specified by BKC in any notice to 
Developer, under any franchise agreement, lease, or any other obligation owed to BKC; or 
