Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
8 
expiration date for the corresponding Restaurant as shown on Exhibit “D” to this Agreement.  
Copies of the final Franchise Agreements and Leases may be delivered to BUYER via the Data 
Portal. 
8.2 
Payable Rents.   
The guarantee minimum rent (base rent) and percentage rent due to BKC under 
the Leases are set forth on the rent table attached hereto as Exhibit “D” to this Agreement.  
Common area maintenance charges, taxes and other charges related to the Restaurants, if 
applicable, are in addition to any rents under the Leases. In connection with the payments due to 
BKC under the Franchise Agreements, Leases or any other agreement signed with BKC, BUYER 
shall make such payments pursuant to BKC’s BK® ePay system. 
8.3 
Guaranty.   
BUYER’s performance under each Franchise Agreement, each Lease, and any other 
Ancillary Agreements shall be unconditionally guaranteed by GUARANTOR, pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Guaranty. At Closing, GUARANTOR shall execute and deliver to BKC 
the Guaranty. 
8.4 
Other Ancillary Agreements.   
As part of the consideration for the execution of this Agreement, at the Closing, BKC and 
BUYER shall enter into the other Ancillary Agreements set forth in Section 1.3. 
9. 
INSURANCE
Prior to or at Closing, BUYER shall deliver to BKC the insurance certificates required under 
the Franchise Agreements and Leases effective as of Takeover and naming BKC (and its master 
landlords, if applicable) as an additional insured by a separate endorsement. 
10. 
PUBLIC UTILITY SERVICES
The BUYER, on or before the Takeover Date, shall make all necessary arrangements for 
the institution or continuation of service by public utilities at the Premises, for BUYER's account 
only.  The BUYER shall also obtain a final reading of any and all public utility service meters 
located at the Premises prior to Takeover.  Any deposits for public utility services made at any 
time by BKC shall be returned or refunded to BKC upon receipt by BUYER. If BUYER assumes 
any deposit or it is transferred to BUYER, BUYER shall immediately refund an amount equal to 
the deposit to BKC within five (5) days after any such assumption or transfer. 
11. 
TRANSFER COSTS
All sales, transfer or use taxes and/or other fees which may be imposed or assessed by 
any taxing Authority pursuant to any Law as the result of the transactions effected by this 
Agreement, except those taxes imposed upon the income of BKC, shall be the financial 
responsibility of the BUYER.  In addition to the Purchase Price, BUYER agrees to remit to BKC, 
at Closing, the funds necessary to pay in full any such tax and/or other fee, and BKC agrees to 
remit such funds following Closing to the appropriate taxing Authority. If it is later determined by 
audit or otherwise that such funds collected from BUYER were not sufficient for full payment to 
the taxing Authority, then BUYER agrees to immediately reimburse BKC for any additional monies 
