Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
11 
operated company restaurants in the DMA where the Franchised Restaurant exists execute binding ISP 
contracts which commit such other franchisees to place a fixed monthly dollar amount or a percentage of 
their Gross Sales into an ISP account with such money to be spent on local DMA marketing initiatives in a 
given  year, then in such case, Franchisee shall execute an ISP contract on exactly the same terms.  
Franchisee acknowledges that the terms of the ISP contracts may change from year to year but that under 
no circumstances will any ISP contract (1) bind the Franchisee to pay more than 2% of their Gross Sales 
into an ISP fund; or (2) bind the Franchisee for a term longer than one year. 
C. 
Gross Sales 
The term “Gross Sales” as used in this Agreement includes all sums charged by 
Franchisee for goods, merchandise or services sold at or from the Franchised Restaurant, including all 
premiums unless exempted by BKC.  The sale of BURGER KING products away from the Franchised 
Restaurant is not authorized; however, should any such sales be approved in the future, they will be 
included within the definition of Gross Sales.  Gross Sales excludes any federal, state, county or city Tax, 
excise Tax, or other similar Taxes collected by Franchisee from customers based upon sales, and cash 
received as payment in credit transactions where the extension of credit itself has already been included in 
the figure upon which the Royalty and Advertising Contribution is computed. 
D. 
Late Charge 
Any Royalty and Advertising Contribution not paid when due shall bear a late 
charge at the maximum rate allowed by Florida law or, if no maximum rate relating to this transaction is in 
effect in the State of Florida, 18% per annum.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to mean that 
Franchisee is to pay, or has contracted to pay, any sum in excess of that which may lawfully be charged or 
contracted for under any applicable law.  The intention of the parties is to conform strictly to applicable 
usury laws and it is agreed that if an excess is inadvertently collected it shall be applied to reduce the 
amount owed under Sections 9.A and 9.B above. 
E. 
Payment; Credits 
All payments required to be made to BKC under this Agreement shall be made in 
Miami, Florida, or at such addresses and to such parties as BKC may designate in writing from time to time.  
BKC may, in its sole discretion, elect to pay any amount owed by BKC or any of its Affiliates to Franchisee 
by crediting any account of Franchisee or reducing any financial obligation of Franchisee to BKC or its 
Affiliates. 
F. 
Audit of Advertising Contributions 
Not more than once annually, the Franchisee Association shall have the right, 
following reasonable notice to BKC, to audit BKC's fiscal year-end results with regard to the income and 
expenditures of the Advertising Contribution received by BKC for BURGER KING restaurants located in the 
U.S.A.  The audit shall be conducted in accordance with the criteria established by BKC following 
consultation with the Franchisee Advisory Council.  The audit shall be at the sole cost of the Franchisee 
Association unless (i) the audit discloses a misappropriation of funds or (ii) a discrepancy resulting from an 
accounting error, which is in excess of three percent (3%) of the total annual Advertising Contribution 
received by BKC, in either of which events BKC shall reimburse the Franchisee Association for the 
reasonable costs of the audit.  Only records of the past two fiscal years will be produced for the audit.  The 
results of the audit will be made available, on request, to Franchisee.  Franchisee shall have no independent 
right to audit, provided however, if no Franchisee Association exists, franchisees owning collectively at least 
thirty percent (30%) or more of all BURGER KING franchisee-owned and operated restaurants in the U.S.A. 
shall have the right to audit under the same terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9.F.  
