Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
7 
Agreement or into any Ancillary Agreement.   
6.4 
Financing and Ability to Close.   
BUYER reserves the right to finance a portion of the Purchase Price, provided that there 
shall be no financing contingencies as a condition to BUYER’S obligation to close the transactions 
hereunder.  All approvals, if any, that may be necessary from BUYER to close and consummate 
the transactions herein shall be timely obtained and delivered to BKC prior to Closing. At Closing, 
BUYER shall have sufficient and immediately available funds to pay the Purchase Price and all 
other amounts payable when due pursuant to this Agreement, the other agreements 
contemplated herein, and the transactions contemplated herein and thereby. 
6.6 
Franchisee in Good Standing. 
BUYER is a BKC franchisee in good standing.  There is no set of facts that left 
continuing with notice and the passage of time would constitute a default by BUYER  under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
6.7 
Certain Acknowledgements.   
BUYER acknowledges and agrees that BKC has not made any representations or 
warranties regarding BKC, the Burger King System, the Purchased Assets, or operations of the 
business or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or under the 
Ancillary Agreements, other than the representations and warranties expressly made by BKC in 
Section 5 of this Agreement. The BUYER acknowledges and agrees that, while it has made its 
own inquiry and investigation into BKC, the Burger King System, the Purchased Assets, and 
operations of the business, it is relying on (and only on) its own due diligence and the express 
representations and warranties of BKC set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement with respect to 
BKC, the Burger King System, the Purchased Assets and operations of the business. 
7. 
COVENANTS OF THE BUYER
 7.1 
Permits.   
BUYER shall be responsible for and shall be obtain any permits, authorizations and/or 
exemptions required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, including consents required to be obtained from landlords under 
leases for the Restaurants, which have not been obtained as of the Closing Date.  
8. 
ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS
8.1 
Franchise Agreements and Leases.   
As part of the consideration for the execution of this Agreement, at the Closing, 
BKC and BUYER shall enter into a Franchise Agreement and Lease for each of the Restaurants, 
including any addenda attached to each Franchise Agreement and/or Lease with specific 
information pertaining to the individual Restaurant that is the subject of the particular Franchise 
Agreement or Lease.  Each addendum shall become a part of the applicable Franchise 
Agreement or Lease.  The effective date for each of the Franchise Agreements and Leases shall 
be as of the Takeover Date. Unless otherwise provided herein or in a particular Franchise 
Agreement, the term of each Franchise Agreement and each Lease shall expire on the final 
