We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The total amount of accrued 
interest and penalties was $12 million and $11 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Potential interest and penalties 
associated with uncertain tax positions in various jurisdictions recognized was $3 million during 2024, $4 million during 2023 and $3 
million during 2022. To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will 
be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision.
We file income tax returns with Canada and its provinces and territories. Generally, we are subject to routine examinations by 
the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”). The CRA is conducting examinations of the 2015 through 2020 taxation years. Additionally, 
income tax returns filed with various provincial jurisdictions are generally open to examination for periods up to six years subsequent 
to the filing and assessment of the respective return.
We also file income tax returns, including returns for our subsidiaries, with U.S. federal, U.S. state, and other foreign 
jurisdictions. We are subject to routine examination by taxing authorities in the U.S. jurisdictions, as well as other foreign tax 
jurisdictions. Taxable years of such U.S. companies are closed through 2020 for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have various 
U.S. federal, state and other foreign income tax returns in the process of examination. From time to time, these audits result in 
proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in owing additional taxes. We believe that our tax positions comply 
with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for these matters.
Note 12. Derivative Instruments
Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes, including derivatives designated as cash flow hedges and 
derivatives designated as net investment hedges. We use derivatives to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and 
currency exchange rates.
Interest Rate Swaps
At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps with a total notional value of $3,500 
million to hedge the variability in the interest payments on a portion of our Term Loan Facilities, including any subsequent refinancing 
or replacement of the Term Loan Facilities, beginning August 31, 2021 through the termination date of October 31, 2028. 
Additionally, at December 31, 2024, we also had outstanding receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps with a total notional value 
of $500 million to hedge the variability in the interest payments on a portion of our Term Loan Facilities effective September 30, 2019 
through the termination date of September 30, 2026. Following the discontinuance of the U.S. dollar LIBOR after June 30, 2023, the 
interest rate on all these interest rate swaps transitioned from LIBOR to SOFR, with no impact to hedge effectiveness and no change in 
accounting treatment as a result of applicable accounting relief guidance for the transition away from LIBOR. At inception, all of these 
interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting. The unrealized changes in market value are recorded in 
AOCI, net of tax, and reclassified into interest expense during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
In connection with the Carrols Acquisition, we assumed a receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swap utilizing SOFR as the 
benchmark interest rate with a total notional value of $120 million to hedge the variability in the interest payments on a portion of our 
Term Loan Facilities, including any subsequent refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facilities, through the termination date 
of February 28, 2025. This interest rate swap is designated as a cash flow hedge for hedge accounting and the unrealized changes in 
market value are recorded in AOCI, net of tax, and reclassified into interest expense during the period in which the hedged forecasted 
transaction affects earnings.  
At December 31, 2024, the net amount of pre-tax gains that we expect to be reclassified from AOCI into interest expense within 
the next 12 months is $89 million. 
Cross-Currency Rate Swaps
To protect the value of our investments in our foreign operations against adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we 
hedge a portion of our net investment in one or more of our foreign subsidiaries by using cross-currency rate swaps. At December 31, 
2024, we had outstanding cross-currency rate swap contracts between the Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar and the euro and U.S. dollar 
that have been designated as net investment hedges of a portion of our equity in foreign operations in those currencies. The component 
of the gains and losses on our net investment in these designated foreign operations driven by changes in foreign exchange rates are 
economically partly offset by movements in the fair value of our cross-currency swap contracts. The fair value of the swaps is 
calculated each period with changes in fair value reported in AOCI, net of tax. Such amounts will remain in AOCI until the complete 
or substantially complete liquidation of our investment in the underlying foreign operations.
Table of Contents
89
