State of California Amendment 
Exhibit P (03/2025)
AMENDMENT TO 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Development Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold 
in the State of California: 
1. 
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 
through 20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning transfer, termination or 
non-renewal of the Development Agreement and certain provisions of the Development 
Agreement relating to transfer, termination and/or non-renewal may be superseded by the Act.  
There may also be court decisions which may supersede the Development Agreement and 
Developer’s relationship with BKC, including the areas of transfer, termination and renewal of 
Developer’s franchise. If the Development Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the California 
law will control. 
2. 
The Development Agreement requires application of the laws of Florida.  This provision 
may not be enforceable under California law. 
3. 
The Development Agreement requires Developer to execute a general release of claims.  
California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision 
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of 
that law or any rule or order thereunder is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of Developer’s 
rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a 
waiver of Developer’s rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 
Sections 20000 - 20043)).   
4. 
The Development Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision 
may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.).  
5. 
The Development Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond 
the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
6. 
The Development Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause. Under California Civil 
Code section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
7. 
A new Section 14.4 of the Development Agreement shall be added as follows: 
The foregoing acknowledgments shall not be construed as a waiver or 
release by Franchisee of any claims arising under the California Franchise 
Investment Law. 
8. 
Article XIV of the Development Agreement, titled “ACKNOWLEDGEMENT”, shall be 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language: “[Intentionally Deleted]”. 
9. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
