Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement 
Exhibit W (03/2025) 
4 
Remodel Deadline to Complete such Midterm Remodel of such Restaurant (the “Shortfall 
Restaurant”).  For the avoidance of doubt, such cure right shall be a one-time cure right 
which shall not be available with respect to more than one (1) Midterm Remodel under this 
Forbearance Agreement. 
 
iii. In addition to any other rights or remedies of BKC, if Franchisee (A) fails to Complete the 
Midterm Remodel of the Shortfall Restaurant in accordance with all terms of this 
Forbearance Agreement on or before the expiration of the Shortfall Cure Period or (B) fails 
to Complete the Midterm Remodel of any Restaurant other than the Shortfall Restaurant 
in accordance with all terms of this Forbearance Agreement on or before the applicable 
Remodel Deadline, such failure shall be deemed an event of default and breach by 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement for the applicable Restaurant, which shall 
entitle BKC to terminate such Franchise Agreement, at BKC’s sole option and election, 
without notice or opportunity to cure, except as may be otherwise provided by applicable 
state laws. 
 
b. 
Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default under this Forbearance 
Agreement, which shall entitle BKC to immediately terminate this Forbearance Agreement (each, 
a “Termination Event”):  
 
i. Franchisee’s failure to Complete the Midterm Remodel of the Shortfall Restaurant on or 
before the expiration of the Shortfall Cure Period;   
 
ii. Franchisee’s failure to Complete the Midterm Remodel of any Restaurant other than the 
Shortfall Restaurant on or before the applicable Remodel Deadline; 
 
iii. Franchisee breaches or otherwise fails to timely comply with any provision of this 
Forbearance Agreement; 
 
iv. Franchisee commits a non-curable default or fails to cure any curable default within the 
time specified by BKC in any notice to Franchisee, under any Franchise Agreement, lease, 
remodel agreement, master program agreement, or any other agreement between 
Franchisee (or any Affiliate of Franchisee) and BKC; and 
 
v. Franchisee knowingly and intentionally submits to BKC any application or other 
documentation which contain false or misleading statements or omission of any material 
fact. 
 
c. 
Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event, BKC may immediately proceed to enforce all 
of its rights and remedies under this Forbearance Agreement and the Franchise Agreements, all at 
BKC’s sole option and election. 
 
d. 
The occurrence of a Termination Event shall be deemed an event of default and breach by 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant at which a Midterm Remodel has 
not been Completed as of the date of the Termination Event (irrespective of whether such 
Termination Event occurred prior to or after the respective Remodel Deadline for each such 
Restaurant), which shall entitle BKC to terminate any or all such Franchise Agreements, at BKC’s 
sole option and election, without notice or opportunity to cure, except as may be otherwise provided 
by applicable state laws. 
 
e. 
If BKC does not elect to exercise its termination right under a Franchise Agreement, upon 
the occurrence of a Termination Event, BKC may, at BKC’s sole option, require the Franchisee to 
pay for each Restaurant at which a Midterm Remodel has not been Completed a royalty rate equal 
to the sum of the rate under the existing Franchise Agreement for such Restaurant plus three 
percent (3.0%) on all monthly Gross Sales (as defined in the Franchise Agreement for such 
