Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
4
and product standards, specifications and procedures prescribed from time to time by BKC for the operation 
of a BURGER KING Restaurant.  The MOD Manual and any revisions or updates thereto may be provided 
in electronic format including via internet, intranet, or other electronic means.  Franchisee acknowledges 
that the MOD Manual is designed to protect BKC’s standards, the BURGER KING System, and the 
BURGER KING Marks, and not to control the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  
Franchisee may not print a copy of the MOD Manual without BKC's prior written approval. 
Franchisee agrees that changes in the standards, specifications and procedures 
may become necessary and desirable from time to time and agrees to accept and comply with such 
modifications, revisions and additions to the MOD Manual which BKC in the good faith exercise of its 
judgment believes to be desirable and reasonably necessary.  The material and information set forth in the 
MOD Manual is confidential and proprietary to BKC and is to be used by Franchisee only in connection with 
the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  The MOD 
Manual and other specifications, standards and operating procedures communicated in writing or 
electronically to Franchisee shall be deemed a part of this Agreement.  
B. 
Franchised Restaurant 
  The Franchised Restaurant will be constructed and improved in the manner 
authorized and approved by BKC, and the appearance of the Franchised Restaurant will not thereafter be 
altered except as may be approved in writing by BKC. 
(1) 
Repair and Maintenance.   
Franchisee shall, at its expense, continuously throughout the Term of this 
Agreement maintain the Franchised Restaurant in good condition and repair in accordance with BKC's then 
current repair and maintenance standards.     
(2) 
Current Image.     
Franchisee shall, improve, alter and remodel the Franchised Restaurant 
to bring it into conformance with the national and local plans, specifications and/or other standards for new 
or remodeled BURGER KING Restaurants as may hereafter be reasonably changed and defined from time 
to time by BKC (“Current Image”) in accordance with the following timetable: 
(i) 
During the tenth year of the Term, Franchisee shall remodel, 
improve and alter the exterior of the Franchised Restaurant to conform with the Current Image in effect on 
the ninth anniversary of the date of this Agreement. 
(ii) 
BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall meet annually to 
discuss and establish the components of Current Image for the Franchised Restaurant.  The Current Image 
as established by BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council, from time to time, shall be binding upon 
Franchisee.  If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council do not agree on the Current Image, BKC and the 
Franchisee Association shall settle the matter by arbitration by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the then 
current non-administered arbitration rules of the Center for Public Resources.  The arbitration shall be 
governed by the United States Arbitration Act (U.S.A.A.), and judgment upon the decision rendered by the 
arbitrator shall be binding on Franchisee and BKC and except as provided in Section 10(a) of the U.S.A.A., 
shall not be appealable in any forum.  The decision may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.  
The place of arbitration shall be Miami, Florida.  Failure of Franchisee to comply with the terms of this 
Section 5.B shall be deemed a default of this Agreement. 
