Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
15 
same in accordance with this Lease.  Lessee agrees that Lessor shall only be liable hereunder for gross 
negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Lessee hereby indemnifies Lessor and agrees to hold it harmless 
from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs, penalties, losses, actions, suits or 
proceedings at law or in equity, or any other expenses, fees, or charges of any character or nature, which 
Lessor may incur or with which Lessor may be threatened, directly or indirectly arising from or in way 
connected with its duties hereunder, other than those arising out of the gross negligence, fraud or willful 
misconduct of Lessor, and in connection therewith, indemnify Lessor against any and all reasonable 
expenses, including attorney’s fees and the cost of defending any action, suit, or proceedings or resisting 
any claim, whether or not litigation is instituted. 
§6.8  ASSIGNMENT OR TERMINATION OF LEASE.  Should Lessee fully and faithfully comply with all of 
the terms, provisions and covenants of this Lease and promptly pay all of the Rent, Additional Charges and 
other sums payable by Lessee to Lessor as they become due, any Building Improvement Funds not 
disbursed, applied or retained by Lessor shall be returned to Lessee within sixty (60) days after Lessee has 
discharged all of its obligations under this Lease, but no earlier than the Original Term Expiration Date (or 
the sooner termination of this Lease).  In the event of a sale of the Land and the Building of which the 
Premises forms a part, or an assignment of the Lease by Lessor, Lessor shall have the right to transfer the 
balance of any Building Improvement Funds to the purchaser or assignee, as the case may be, and Lessor 
shall thereafter be released by Lessee from all liability for the return of the Building Improvement Funds; 
and Lessee agrees to look solely to the purchaser or assignee for the return of the Building Improvement 
Funds.  In the event of an assignment or transfer of this Lease by Lessee, Lessee shall be obligated to 
transfer the balance of any Building Improvement Funds to Lessee’s assignee, and Lessor shall thereupon 
be released by Lessee from all liability for the return of the Building Improvement Funds.  It is agreed that 
the provisions hereof shall apply, to every transfer or assignment made of the Building Improvement Funds 
to a new lessor and/or a new lessee. 
§6.9  NO WAIVER.  The failure of Lessor to enforce strict performance of the terms and conditions hereof, 
in connection with disbursement or use of any Building Improvement Funds or otherwise, shall not 
constitute a waiver of its rights to do so at any other time, or shall it constitute a waiver of any of Lessor’s 
rights hereunder. 
VII. 
TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES 
§7.1  PAYMENT. 
(a) 
In the event Lessor elects, at its sole option, to pay any real estate taxes and assessments 
(both general and special), goods and service taxes, sales taxes, value added taxes, 
business transfer taxes, any other taxes imposed on Lessor with respect to rent payable 
by Lessee to Lessor or in respect of the rental of space under this Lease, assessments, 
charges for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental 
impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, the “Charges”) 
which are payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the 
Premises, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor within fifteen (15) days after Lessee receives an 
invoice for the payment of such Charges. 
(b) 
In the event Lessor elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding paragraph, 
Lessee shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may be made without penalty 
or interest, all Charges which may be assessed, imposed, or become due and payable in 
connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises or the fixtures or 
personalty on it, or any Charges which may be imposed in lieu of, or as a substitution for, 
any such Charges. At any time after the time for payment of each Charge, upon Lessor’s 
request, Lessee shall exhibit to Lessor satisfactory evidence of payment.  All Charges 
