Item 1 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 8
or more other entities, these parent entities will be designated as the “Owners” or “Manager Owner”, and 
the Owners and Managing Owners will guarantee and be responsible for the Franchisee’s obligations to us. 
Franchisees executing a Corporate Addendum must appoint as its “Managing Director” a qualified person, 
approved by us, who will have certain responsibility and authority with respect to the BURGER KING 
Restaurant operations of the Franchisee.  
You must meet BKC’s then-current operational, financial, credit, legal and other criteria for the 
development and operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant before you can sign a Development Agreement 
and at all times during the term of the Development Agreement.  You must obtain Site Approval for any 
site on which you propose to construct a new Restaurant under the Development Agreement in accordance 
with BKC’s then-current standards for Site Approval.  You must then construct, equip and furnish the 
Restaurant at the approved site in accordance with plans and specifications approved by BKC. 
The General Market and the Competition 
The customer base for the quick-service restaurant market includes the total population; however, 
the population age group between 18 to 54 years of age averages the greatest frequency of patronage of 
quick-service food establishments.  There is a clearly established market for quick-service food prepared 
away from home.  In general, the quick-service restaurant business is highly competitive.  Changes in taste 
and eating habits of the public, local and national economic conditions, population and traffic patterns affect 
the restaurant business and are generally unpredictable.  However, sales are seasonal. 
The principal basis of competition in the industry is the quality and price of the food products 
offered, but name identification, site location, quality and speed of service, consistency, advertising and 
attractiveness of facilities are also important factors.  You should expect to compete with other quick-
service food, carry-out, delivery and even sit-down restaurants that feature hamburgers and french fries and 
related menu items similar to those offered at the Restaurants.  You will also compete with restaurants and 
quick-service food outlets that offer other types of entrées and other foods to be eaten at those restaurants, 
delivered or taken out by the consumer. Through our affiliates, we may operate other third-party franchise 
concepts in combination with our own. You may also encounter competition from other BURGER KING 
Restaurants that we or our franchisees operate.  Some of these competitors may be in close proximity to 
your Restaurant. 
Industry Specific Laws and Regulations 
You must comply with all local, state and federal laws and regulations applicable to the operation 
of your Restaurant, including:  labor and employment laws and regulations; health, sanitation, food 
handling, food preparation, and waste disposal laws and regulations; smoking restrictions; and consumer 
pricing advertising, menu and point-of-sale disclosures, such as statements concerning the nutritional and 
dietary characteristics of the food served at your Restaurant.  You must also obtain all real estate permits, 
licenses and operational licenses. Your business is subject to state and federal regulations that allow the 
government to restrict travel and/or require businesses to close or limit operations during state or national 
emergencies.    
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
4920-9532-9154, v. 3
