State of Minnesota Addendum 
Exhibit P (03/2025) 
ADDENDUM TO BURGER KING COMPANY LLC  
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT  
INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §80C.01-80C.22, 
(“Minnesota Franchise Act”) and the Rules and Regulations of the Minnesota Commissioner of 
Commerce, the BURGER KING COMPANY LLC Franchise Disclosure Document (“FDD”) is amended 
as follows: 
1. 
Adding the following information to amend Item 13 of the FDD: 
Concerning franchises governed by Minnesota law, BKC will adhere to 
requirements pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12, subdivision 1 (g) of the 
Minnesota Franchise Act that it protect your right to use the principal Burger 
King Marks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any 
claim, suit or demand regarding your use of the principal Burger King Marks in 
accordance with the Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
Adding the following information for Item 17 (b), (c), (e), (f), (g) and (h) of the FDD: 
Concerning franchises governed by Minnesota law, BKC will comply with Minn. 
Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4 and 5, which requires, except in certain 
specified cases, that you be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days to 
cure) and 180 days' notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement or 
Development Agreement.  
3. 
Item 17 (c) and (m) are revised to provide that BKC cannot require you to sign a release of claims 
under the Minnesota Franchise Act as a condition to renewal or assignment. 
4. 
Adding the following information to Item 17 (k),  (l) and (m) of the FDD: 
In connection with a transfer, you must sign a release of any claims you may 
have against Burger King Company LLC.  However, the release will not apply to 
any claim you may have under the Minnesota Franchise Act or its implementing 
Rules and Regulations. 
5. 
Adding the following information to Item 17 (u), (v) and (w) of the FDD: 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(J) states that it is unfair and inequitable for a 
franchisor to require a franchisee to waive his rights to any forum provided for 
by the laws of the jurisdiction, except that this shall not bar an exclusive 
arbitration clause.  Accordingly, with respect to franchises governed by 
Minnesota law, any provision in a Franchise Agreement or Development 
Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of 
Minnesota is unenforceable as to any cause of action which otherwise is 
enforceable in the courts of the State of Minnesota, provided that this shall not 
bar an exclusive arbitration clause. 
