Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
10 
9. 
ROYALTY AND ADVERTISING CONTRIBUTION 
A. 
Royalty 
During the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay to BKC a royalty 
equal to the percentage of monthly Gross Sales set forth as the Royalty on the Key Contract Data page 
(“Royalty”) for the use of the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks.  Royalties shall be 
paid monthly by the tenth (10th) day of each month based upon Gross Sales for the preceding month.   
B. 
Advertising, Sales Promotion and Public Relations 
(i) 
Franchisee shall pay to BKC an amount equal to a percentage of monthly 
Gross Sales to be determined by BKC, in its sole discretion, but not to exceed the amount set forth as the 
“Advertising Contribution” on the Key Contract Data page, payable by the tenth (10th) day of each month 
based upon Franchisee's Gross Sales for the preceding month (the “Advertising Contribution”).  This sum, 
less direct administrative expenses, will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related to the 
development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and sales promotions, (b) creative, 
production and other costs incurred in connection with the development of advertising, sales promotions 
and public relations (as limited by Section (vi) below), both in the market area of the Franchised Restaurant, 
as reasonably defined from time to time by BKC, and on a national basis and (c) various methods of 
delivering the advertising or promotional message, including television, radio, outdoor and print (“Media”).  
The allocation of the Advertising Contribution between national, regional and local expenditures shall made 
by BKC in its sole business judgment. 
(ii) 
Periodically, but no less frequently than once per year, BKC shall meet 
with the Franchisee Advisory Council to discuss and attempt to establish (a) the types of Media to be used 
by BKC (the “Media Mix”) and (b) the percentage of the total annual Advertising Contribution to be 
expended on Media (the “Media Spending Goal”). 
(iii) 
If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council are unable to mutually 
establish the Media Spending Goal, BKC shall, subject to the limitation set forth in Section (v) below, have 
the right, in its sole business judgment, to establish the Media Spending Goal. 
(iv) 
If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council are unable to agree on the 
Media Mix, BKC shall have the right, in its sole business judgment, to establish the Media Mix.  If BKC 
unilaterally establishes the Media Mix as provided above, BKC shall in no event spend more than ten 
percent (10%) of the prior fiscal year's national Media expenditures for new Media channels and any such 
new Media channel(s) must be accessible to no less than two-thirds (2/3) of the then established areas of 
dominant influence in the United States. 
(v) 
BKC shall use reasonable efforts to meet the Media Spending Goal, 
subject to circumstances beyond its control; provided, however, that BKC shall spend no less than sixty-
five percent (65%) of the total annual Advertising Contribution on Media. 
(vi) 
The annual expenditure on public relations shall not exceed one-half of 
one percent of the total annual Advertising Contribution. 
(vii) 
Certain Advertising Contributions shall be allocated for approved grand 
opening promotions in accordance with current company policy. 
(viii) 
From time to time, BKC may seek support from Franchisee, and all other 
franchisees in the Designated Marketing Area (“DMA”) where the Franchised Restaurant is located, for an 
Investment Spending Program (“ISP”).  In the event that 66.7% or more of the other franchised and BKC-
