Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
3 
BKC shall not prohibit nor restrict Franchisee from associating with other franchisees, nor 
from forming, joining or participating in any franchisee trade association (the “Activities”).  BKC shall not 
retaliate against Franchisee because Franchisee engages in the Activities.  BKC's exercise and 
enforcement of its rights under any franchise agreement or the law shall not, by itself, constitute a breach 
of BKC's responsibilities under the preceding sentence. 
5. 
STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION 
BKC shall establish, and cause approved suppliers to the BURGER KING System to 
reasonably comply with, product, service and equipment specifications as established by BKC from time to 
time. 
Suggestions from Franchisee for improving elements of the BURGER KING System, such 
as products, equipment, uniforms, restaurant facilities, service format and advertising, are encouraged and 
may or may not be considered by BKC when adopting or modifying standards, specifications and 
procedures for the BURGER KING System.  Franchisee acknowledges that any such suggestions made 
by Franchisee hereunder shall become the exclusive property of BKC.  BKC shall have no obligation to 
utilize suggestions and no obligation to provide compensation for any suggestion.  Franchisee may not 
utilize any such suggestions in the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written consent of BKC. 
A. 
M.O.D. Manual 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that prompt adoption of and adherence to 
the BURGER KING System, including all of the provisions of the MOD Manual, as amended from time to 
time, are reasonable, necessary and essential to the image and success of all BURGER KING Restaurants.  
The MOD Manual, which is comprised of the BURGER KING Operations Manual, the Restaurant 
Equipment Manual, the RSI Equipment and Facilities E-Red Book, the Approved Brands and Distributors 
List, Approved Equipment List, the Brand Standards Guide, the Ops Emphasis Guide, alerts and 
amendments thereto, and applicable policies established by BKC, or the then-current equivalent printed or 
electronic versions of those documents, contains the official mandatory restaurant operating, equipment 
and product standards, specifications and procedures prescribed from time to time by BKC for the operation 
of a BURGER KING Restaurant.  The MOD Manual and any revisions or updates thereto may be provided 
in electronic format including via internet, intranet, or other electronic means.  Franchisee acknowledges 
that the MOD Manual is designed to protect BKC’s standards, the BURGER KING System, and the 
BURGER KING Marks, and not to control the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  
Franchisee may not print a copy of the MOD Manual without BKC's prior written approval. 
Franchisee agrees that changes in the standards, specifications and procedures 
may become necessary and desirable from time to time and agrees to accept and comply with such 
modifications, revisions and additions to the MOD Manual which BKC in the good faith exercise of its 
judgment believes to be desirable and reasonably necessary.  The material and information set forth in the 
MOD Manual is confidential and proprietary to BKC and is to be used by Franchisee only in connection with 
the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  The MOD 
Manual and other specifications, standards and operating procedures communicated in writing or 
electronically to Franchisee shall be deemed a part of this Agreement. 
B. 
Franchised Restaurant 
The Franchised Restaurant will be constructed and improved in the manner 
authorized and approved by BKC, and the appearance of the Franchised Restaurant will not thereafter be 
altered except as may be approved in writing by BKC.   
