Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
2 
Notwithstanding anything set forth above, if Franchisee continues to operate the Franchised Restaurant 
after the end of the Term and does not obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement in accordance with 
Section 17, Franchisee shall be deemed to be operating such Franchised Restaurant on a month-to-month 
basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and BKC may terminate this Agreement at any time 
after the end of the Term upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
2. 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Franchisee acknowledges that the grant of this franchise constitutes the consideration for 
the payment by Franchisee to BKC of the amount of the Initial Franchise Fee set forth on the Key Contract 
Data page (the “Initial Franchise Fee”), and that this sum shall be fully earned by BKC upon the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement. 
3. 
FRANCHISEE REPRESENTATIONS 
Franchisee acknowledges its understanding of BKC's franchising policy of requiring all 
individuals who have any interest in the Franchised Restaurant, whether directly, beneficially or 
contingently, to be named in and be a party to this Agreement.  If Franchisee consists of more than one 
individual, the group must include an operating partner (the “Operating Partner”).  If Franchisee consists of 
only one individual, such individual shall be the Operating Partner hereunder. The Operating Partner must, 
throughout the Term of the Agreement, (A) have a minimum fifty percent (50%) unencumbered equity 
ownership (including profits) and a minimum fifty percent (50%) controlling interest through any voting 
apparatus in the Franchised Restaurant, (B) devote full time and best efforts to the day-to-day operation of 
the Franchised Restaurant and any other BURGER KING Restaurants owned by Franchisee as to which 
such individual is the Operating Partner, (C) have no operational or management commitments in other 
businesses (except other BURGER KING Restaurants operated under franchises granted to such person 
by BKC), and (D) live in the “vicinity” of the Franchised Restaurant, as the term “vicinity” is defined for 
Operating Partners by BKC from time to time, in its reasonable discretion.  Franchisee has not taken and 
agrees that it will not hereafter take, whether directly or indirectly, any action to avoid the financial interest 
requirements and the direct operation requirements set forth above through the entry of management 
agreements, consulting agreements or any other similar device or arrangement.  Franchisee agrees to 
furnish BKC with such evidence as BKC may request from time to time for the purpose of assuring BKC 
that Franchisee’s efforts and equity interest remain as represented in this Agreement.   
4. 
FRANCHISEE ASSOCIATION AND ADVISORY COUNCIL 
BKC shall, on a periodic basis, consult with representatives of an independent association 
whose membership is comprised of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of all BURGER KING franchise-owned 
and operated restaurants in the U.S.A. (the “Franchisee Association”) relative to those matters expressly 
described in Sections 5.B, 6, 8, 9 and 20.C of this Agreement.  The representatives of the Franchisee 
Association shall be referred to herein as the “Franchisee Advisory Council.”  Membership by a Franchisee 
in the Franchisee Association shall be voluntary. 
Franchisee agrees that BKC may consult with and consider the advice of the Franchisee 
Advisory Council. 
For purposes of this Agreement, to qualify as the “Franchisee Association,” the association 
must have been formed for the primary purpose of representing the rights of franchisees, and membership 
in such association must be limited solely to BURGER KING franchisees, or officers, directors, partners or 
shareholders of BURGER KING franchisees, who in either case are not owned or controlled by BKC or its 
parent, or any subsidiary or Affiliate of BKC. 
