Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement Addendum 
Exhibit J2 (03/2025) 
BK#_________ 
4 
 
8. 
DEFAULT AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION.  Subsection 18.A.(17) of the Agreement is 
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following, and the following subsection 18.A.(30) is 
hereby added to the Agreement:  
 
 
 
(17) 
Conduct by Franchisee, the Managing Owner or the Managing Director 
which is deleterious to or reflects unfavorably on Franchisee or the BURGER KING System by 
exhibiting a reckless disregard for the physical and mental well being of employees, customers, 
BKC representatives or the public at large including battery, assault, sexual harassment or other 
forms of threatening, outrageous, willfully discriminatory or unacceptable behavior.  An act of 
default under this Section 18.A.(17) does not require any criminal action to be brought against 
Franchisee, the Managing Owner, or the Managing Director.  If this act of default shall occur, BKC 
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to 
Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure. 
 
 
 
(30) 
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any of the requirements related to 
the Managing Owner including any of the requirements set forth in Section 3.A., or failure by the 
Managing Director to comply with any of the requirements related to the Managing Director 
including any of the requirements set forth in Sections 5.K. 
 
9. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANT.  Section 19 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety 
and replaced with the following:  
 
Franchisee covenants and agrees for itself, its parent, subsidiaries and Affiliates 
that during the Term of this Agreement they will not own, operate or have any interest in any 
hamburger business except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  Franchisee further 
covenants and agrees that for a period of one (1) year after any sale, assignment, transfer, 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, these entities will not own, operate or have any interest 
in any hamburger business, except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants, either at or within 
two (2) miles of the Premises.  At BKC's request, Franchisee shall require each Owner and 
Managing Director to execute an agreement similar in substance to this Section in a form 
acceptable to BKC and naming BKC as a third party beneficiary with the independent right to 
enforce such agreement. 
10. 
DEFINITIONS.  Section 22 is hereby amended to add the following defined term:   
 
 
“Managing Director” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.K. 
 
11. 
EXHIBIT B. 
Exhibit B of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
