Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
8
KING Restaurants owned by Franchisee as to which such individual is the Managing Owner, (2) have no 
operational or management commitments or responsibilities in any other restaurant business, and (3) live 
in the “vicinity” of the Franchised Restaurant, as the term “vicinity” is defined for Managing Owners by BKC 
from time to time, in its reasonable discretion. If the Managing Owner is also the Managing Owner of other 
BURGER KING Restaurants, then the Franchisee must, at all times during the Term, designate at least 
one (1) individual who is responsible for the direct, on-premises supervision of the Franchised Restaurant 
(the” Restaurant Manager”); otherwise, the Managing Owner shall be the Restaurant Manager. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if Franchisee designates as the Restaurant Manager an individual other than the 
Managing Owner as permitted under this Section 5.K, such designation does not in any manner limit, waive, 
or modify any of the requirements for the Managing Owner set forth in Sections 5.K.(1), 5.K.(2), or 5.K.(3) 
above.  
L. 
BURGER KING Foundation  
Franchisee shall participate in the fundraising and charitable efforts of the 
BURGER KING Foundation (the “Foundation”).  Franchisee agrees to purchase at least one (1) One 
Thousand Dollar ($1,000) scholarship for the Franchised Restaurant during each year for the duration of 
the Term at the time specified by the Foundation. 
If the Franchised Restaurant participates in the fundraising and charitable efforts 
of the Foundation, Franchisee agrees to hold any money raised on behalf of the Foundation (the “Charitable 
Funds”) in trust for the benefit of the Foundation until such Charitable Funds are distributed to the 
Foundation.  Franchisee further agrees that (a) the Charitable Funds are not property of the Franchisee 
and (b) it shall not use the Charitable Funds for any purpose whatsoever, other than for turning over such 
Charitable Funds to the Foundation. 
6. 
SERVICES AVAILABLE TO FRANCHISEE  
BKC agrees to provide the following services to Franchisee and to use reasonable efforts 
to provide them in a manner reasonably designed for the BURGER KING System, including the use of 
technology deemed by BKC to be competitive in the quick service restaurant industry.  Prior to making 
material changes to the content of, and manner by which, the following items or services are delivered to 
Franchisee, BKC shall consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council to receive input as to the proposed 
change.  The content of and manner by which the following services are to be delivered by BKC shall be 
within BKC’s sole reasonable discretion:  
A. 
A reproducible copy of either (i) the standard architectural building plans and 
specifications for current approved freestanding buildings or double drive thru buildings, or (ii) such other 
standard approved restaurant facility, whichever is applicable.  Any modifications of the standard plans and 
specifications, whether requested or required by planning and zoning boards, building codes or otherwise, 
must be approved in writing by BKC and are to be paid for by Franchisee. 
B. 
A pre-opening training program conducted at BKC training facilities and certified 
BURGER KING Restaurants. 
C. 
Pre-opening and opening assistance by personnel of BKC at the Franchised 
Restaurant for a period of time as BKC deems appropriate under the circumstances.  BKC may, in its 
reasonable discretion, consider the following factors:  the experience of the Franchisee, the type of facility 
being operated, whether the assistance is for a new opening or the reopening after a transfer of ownership 
of an already operating restaurant, the prior BURGER KING System experience of Franchisee’s 
management, the projected volume of the restaurant, as estimated by Franchisee, and any other factors 
that BKC deems appropriate for consideration. 
