Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
14 
KING Marks which come to Franchisee’s attention or challenges to Franchisee's use of any of the BURGER 
KING Marks, and BKC shall exercise absolute discretion in deciding what action, if any, should be taken.  
Franchisee agrees to cooperate in the prosecution of any action to prevent the infringement, limitation, 
illegal use or misuse of the BURGER KING Marks and agrees to be named as a party in any such action if 
so requested by BKC.  BKC agrees to bear the legal expenses incident to Franchisee’s participation in such 
action, except for fees, expenses and other costs of Franchisee's personal legal counsel if Franchisee 
elects to be represented by counsel of Franchisee’s own choosing. 
(3) 
Franchisee shall not use any of the BURGER KING Marks, any variations 
or abbreviations, or any words confusingly similar to the BURGER KING Marks as part of Franchisee’s 
corporate, limited liability company, or partnership name. 
(4) 
Unless otherwise required by this Agreement, Franchisee shall not use 
any of the BURGER KING Marks, any variations or abbreviations, or any words confusingly similar to the 
BURGER KING Marks on any website, or other electronic or social media or in or as part of any domain 
name or electronic mail address. 
B. 
Independent Contractor 
Franchisee is an independent contractor and is not an agent, partner, joint 
venturer, joint employer, or employee of BKC, and no fiduciary relationship between the parties exists.  
Franchisee shall be the sole and exclusive employer of its employees and is solely responsible for all 
aspects of the employment relationship with its employees, with the sole right to hire, discipline, promote, 
demote, transfer, discharge, and establish wages, hours, benefits, employment policies, and other terms 
and conditions of employment for its employees without consultation with or approval by BKC.  Franchisee 
shall have no right to bind or obligate BKC in any way nor shall Franchisee represent that Franchisee has 
any right to do so. BKC shall have no control over the terms and conditions of employment of Franchisee's 
employees.   
In all public records and in Franchisee's relationship with other persons, on 
stationery, business forms and checks Franchisee shall indicate independent ownership of the Franchised 
Restaurant and that it is operated under a Franchise granted by BKC. 
Franchisee shall exhibit at the Franchised Restaurant, in such places as may be 
designated by BKC, a notification that the Franchised Restaurant is operated by an independent operator 
and not by BKC. 
12. 
UNFAIR COMPETITION 
Franchisee acknowledges the uniqueness of the BURGER KING System and that BKC is 
making its knowledge, know-how and expertise available to Franchisee for the purpose of operating the 
Franchised Restaurant.  Franchisee agrees that it would be an unfair method of competition for Franchisee 
to use or duplicate or to allow others to use or duplicate any of the knowledge, know-how and expertise 
received from BKC for any use other than for the operation of franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  
Franchisee, therefore, warrants that during the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee will utilize Franchisee’s 
best and continuing efforts to promote and develop the business at the Franchised Restaurant and during 
the Term hereof and at all times thereafter will not directly or indirectly engage in the operation of any 
restaurant, other than the Franchised Restaurant and other BURGER KING Restaurants franchised from 
BKC, which utilizes or duplicates the BURGER KING System, any trade secrets of BKC, the BURGER 
KING Marks or the present or any former BURGER KING Current Image. 
