Item 8 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 47 
vehicles, with a combination of primary and excess limits of not less than $1,000,000.00; (iii) all risks 
property insurance, (including business interruption coverage with an indemnity period of at least 12 
months), on the Restaurant premises and property owned by you or for which you are liable, or which is 
installed at the Restaurant, in an amount not less than the full replacement cost of the items or an amount 
in excess of this as required in the terms of the landlord’s head lease; and (iv) broad form Boiler and 
Machinery insurance covering all boilers, pressure vessels and HVAC equipment within the Restaurant in 
an amount not less than the full replacement cost of the items.  You must also maintain workers 
compensation insurance in the amounts required by applicable law.   
Approved food, packaging and equipment suppliers must meet required specifications and maintain 
certain standards and satisfy other criteria on an ongoing basis, and are subject to ongoing review.  They 
must also participate in quality assurance programs we require and make payments to third party vendors 
operating these programs.  Approved and proposed suppliers pay for the testing, audit and other costs 
associated with the evaluation and monitoring of the supplier, its products and services. These costs may 
instead be paid by us, to be determined on a case-by-case basis.  We consider a number of criteria in 
evaluating existing and potential suppliers.  Those criteria, which may change from time to time, include: 

Ability to produce goods or services that consistently meet our standards and specifications. 

Ability to deliver goods/services on a timely basis and in the required quantities. 

Adherence to all applicable health and safety regulations and standards and applicable laws. 

Verified compliance with applicable sanitation standards and good manufacturing practices. 

Financial condition and business reputation. 

Ability to provide value through pricing, support of initiatives to enhance quality and competitive 
attributes, commitment to innovation and other methods. 

Ability to maintain the confidentiality of our information and to comply with our terms and 
conditions. 

Verified compliance with our social and environmental responsibility standards. 

Information technology capabilities. 

Whether in our judgment the Restaurants would benefit from the approval of an additional or 
replacement approved supplier, and determination that approval would not conflict with other 
commitments made by us (such as exclusivity). 
If you ask us to approve a new proposed supplier, we will consider the current or potential need for 
a new supplier.  If we determine that a new supplier is necessary or appropriate, we or our designee will 
evaluate the proposed supplier under our current criteria.  The evaluation and decision making process 
typically takes from 90 to 160 days, but may take longer depending upon various factors.  We will 
communicate our decision to the proposed supplier.  Franchisees are notified of approved suppliers from 
time to time through electronic distribution of updated Approved Commodities Lists and other means.  We 
monitor approved suppliers and require third party audit and testing to determine their compliance with our 
specifications and other requirements.  If we terminate our approval of a supplier, we may communicate 
that termination by written and/or oral notice to the supplier.  We will notify affected purchasers and 
Restaurant Services Inc. (“RSI”) as appropriate.  Except as provided above, we and our affiliates are not 
currently approved suppliers for any items or services. 
Various suppliers make payments to us in consideration of purchases and payments made by 
Franchisees and us.  Payments to us based upon Franchisee purchases may take the form of rebates based 
upon purchases, flat fee payments or the provision of products or services to us or our affiliates at or below 
market rates.  We currently contribute some of these payments to the national advertising fund administered 
by us.  These contributions vary and are generally for system wide initiatives.  In the year ended December 
31, 2024, these contributions, which were made by us, totaled approximately 8.4% of the consolidated fund 
