 
Crown Your Career Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit Z2 (03/2025)  
BK #_________ 
2 
3. 
LOCKUP PERIOD. The following subsection is hereby added to Section 15 of the Franchise 
Agreement: 
M. 
Lockup Period 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, the provisions of Section 15, during the first five (5) years of the Term, BKC may 
withhold its consent to any proposed transfer of an interest referred to in Section 15 for any 
reason or no reason whatsoever in its sole discretion. 
4. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION. 
(a) 
Subsection (26) of Section 18.A. of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its 
entirety and replaced with the following:  
(26) 
Failure by Franchisee (or any Affiliate) to comply with: (i) any other 
provisions of this Agreement, the lease for the Premises, or any other agreement relating 
to the Franchised Restaurant, (ii) any Crown Your Career Agreement, or (iii) any provision 
of any BURGER KING franchise agreement, lease or other agreement between 
Franchisee (or such Affiliate) and BKC. Franchisee (or such Affiliate) shall have the shorter 
of the following periods to cure such default: (A) thirty (30) days after notice or (B) the 
applicable cure period (if any) set forth in such lease or other agreement.  
(b) 
The following subsections are hereby added to Section 18.A of the Franchise 
Agreement: 
(30) 
Taking into consideration operations at all BURGER KING® Restaurants 
owned and operated by Franchisee and/or the Operating Partner, Franchisee receives two 
(2) letter grades of “D” or lower in any rolling twelve (12) month period in any metric, 
including, without limitation, the “Franchise Success System”, used by BKC to measure 
operational performance (or the equivalent score in any successor metric used by BKC to 
measure franchisees' operational performance), as determined by BKC in its sole 
discretion.  Franchisee shall have one hundred eighty (180) days after notice to cure the 
default by obtaining a letter grade of “B” or higher, as determined by BKC in its sole 
discretion. 
(31) 
[** If financing offered: At any time prior to repayment of the Promissory 
Note in full, (i) if the franchise has been assigned to a Corporation or LLC, the Corporation 
or LLC pays out any dividends or distributions or makes any payment on account of the 
purchase, retirement or redemption of the equity interests of the Corporation or LLC to any 
of its shareholders, partners members or any other holder of direct or indirect equity 
interests in the Corporation or LLC, or (ii) Franchisee makes any payment of any kind, 
including principal, interest or otherwise, with respect to any loan, advance or extension of 
credit from any any individual or partner comprising Franchisee, any Affiliate of Franchisee, 
or any Affiliate of any individual or partner comprising Franchisee . If this act of default shall 
occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be 
effective upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.**] 
5. 
CROSS DEFAULT.  Franchisee acknowledges that a default under the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement shall constitute a default under the terms of each of the Crown Your Career Agreements 
and all other BURGER KING franchise agreements and any related agreements between 
Franchisee (or an Affiliate thereof) and BKC.  Should Franchisee fail to cure said default under the 
Franchise Agreement within the applicable period set forth in the Franchise Agreement, BKC may, 
in its sole discretion, (A) terminate any or all Crown Your Career Agreements and all post-
