Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
16
(ii) 
automobile liability insurance on all owned and/or leased vehicles, 
with a combination of primary and excess limits of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00); 
(iii) 
“all risks” property insurance, (including business interruption 
coverage with an indemnity period of at least 12 months), on the Premises and property of every description 
and kind owned by Franchisee or for which Franchisee is legally liable, or which is installed by or on behalf 
of Franchisee within the Premises including stock in trade, furniture, equipment, partitions, trade fixtures 
and leasehold improvements, all in an amount not less than the full replacement cost thereof. Such 
insurance shall name BKC and any other entity that BKC acting reasonably requests as a loss payee as its 
interest may appear and shall include a waiver of subrogation in favor of BKC and any other loss payee; 
(iv) 
broad form Boiler and Machinery insurance covering all boilers, 
pressure vessels and HVAC equipment within the Premises in an amount not less than the full replacement 
cost thereof. Such insurance shall name BKC and any other entity that BKC acting reasonably requests as 
a loss payee as its interest may appear and shall include a waiver of subrogation in favor of BKC and any 
other loss payee; and 
(v) 
such other insurance and in such amounts as reasonably may be 
required by BKC for its own and Franchisee’s protection.
(2) 
Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or 
policies in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be 
maintained by BKC, nor shall Franchisee’s performance of that obligation relieve it of liability under the 
indemnity provisions set forth in this Agreement.  All insurance maintained by Franchisee shall be primary 
and shall not call into contribution any insurance maintained by BKC. 
C. 
Evidence of Insurance 
From and following the Commencement Date, at BKC’s reasonable request, 
evidence of insurance in the form of a certificate or certificates of insurance showing compliance with the 
foregoing requirements shall be furnished by Franchisee to BKC or its designee.  The evidence of insurance 
shall include a statement that the policy or policies will not be cancelled or materially altered without at least 
thirty (30) days prior written notice to BKC.  Original or authenticated copies of all insurance policies shall 
be submitted promptly to BKC upon BKC’s request, together with proof of payment therefor. All insurance 
maintained by the Franchisee shall be with insurers with a minimum A. M. Best rating of A- (VIII) or Standard 
& Poor’s rating of A-. 
D. 
Worker's Compensation 
Franchisee agrees to secure and pay premiums on a Worker's Compensation 
policy covering Franchisee and all its employees, as required by law.
E. 
Indemnity 
(1) 
Franchisee is responsible for all losses or damages and contractual 
liabilities to third persons arising out of or in connection with possession, ownership or operation of the 
Franchised Restaurant, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death 
of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom.  Franchisee agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC 
and its subsidiaries, its Affiliates and parent companies harmless of, from and with respect to any such 
claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages, (including  reasonable 
attorney's fees) unless resulting from the negligence of BKC.  BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement 
shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, 
ordinance, regulation or other law.  The indemnification of BKC by Franchisee shall not be limited by the 
amount of insurance required under Section 13.B.  This indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited 
