Litigation
From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business relating to matters including, 
but not limited to, disputes with franchisees, suppliers, employees and customers, as well as disputes over our intellectual property.
On October 5, 2018, a class action complaint was filed against Burger King Worldwide, Inc. (“BKW”) and Burger King 
Company, successor in interest, (“BKC”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Jarvis Arrington, 
individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. On October 18, 2018, a second class action complaint was filed against RBI, 
BKW and BKC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Monique Michel, individually and on behalf of all 
others similarly situated. On October 31, 2018, a third class action complaint was filed against BKC and BKW in the U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of Florida by Geneva Blanchard and Tiffany Miller, individually and on behalf of all others similarly 
situated. On November 2, 2018, a fourth class action complaint was filed against RBI, BKW and BKC in the U.S. District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida by Sandra Munster, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. These complaints have 
been consolidated and allege that the defendants violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by incorporating an employee no-solicitation 
and no-hiring clause in the standard form franchise agreement all Burger King franchisees are required to sign. Each plaintiff seeks 
injunctive relief and damages for himself or herself and other members of the class. On March 24, 2020, the Court granted BKC’s 
motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim and on April 20, 2020 the plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend their complaint. On 
April 27, 2020, BKC filed a motion opposing the motion for leave to amend. The court denied the plaintiffs motion for leave to amend 
their complaint in August 2020 and the plaintiffs appealed this ruling. In August 2022, the federal appellate court reversed the lower 
court's decision to dismiss the case and remanded the case to the lower court for further proceedings. While we intend to vigorously 
defend these claims, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this case or estimate the range of possible loss, if any.
On October 7, 2024, purported former shareholders of Carrols filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware against RBI and two individuals that were on the board of Carrols. The complaint alleges claims for breach of fiduciary duty 
by RBI, as a purported controlling shareholder of Carrols, and unjust enrichment by RBI in connection with the acquisition of Carrols, 
as well as claims for breaches of fiduciary duty by the two individual directors. The complaint generally alleges that RBI coerced 
Carrols into the transaction, and that the two directors failed to disclose that their interests differed from the interests of other Carrols 
shareholders, and that the two directors were not independent from RBI. The complaint seeks equitable relief, damages and fees and 
expenses. We filed a motion to dismiss in December 2024 and the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in February 2025. We intend 
to vigorously defend these claims, however, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this case or estimate the range of 
possible loss, if any. 
Note 18. Segment Reporting and Geographical Information
As stated in Note 1, Description of Business and Organization, we manage four brands: Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and 
Firehouse Subs. 
Our management structure and information regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our Chief Operating 
Decision Maker (“CODM”), reflects five operating and reportable segments that reflect our franchisor operations consistent with how 
the business will be managed long-term. Additionally, following the Carrols Acquisition and PLK China Acquisition in the second 
quarter of 2024, we established a sixth operating and reportable segment, which includes results from the Burger King restaurants 
acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition and the PLK China restaurants and will include results from Firehouse Subs Brazil (“FHS 
Brazil”) beginning in 2025, to reflect the manner in which our CODM manages and assesses performance of these acquired 
businesses. As a result, our six operating and reportable segments consist of the following:
1.
Tim Hortons – operations of our Tim Hortons brand in Canada and the U.S. (“TH”);
2.
Burger King – operations of our Burger King brand in the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of Burger King restaurants 
acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition, included in our RH segment (defined below) (“BK”);
3.
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen – operations of our Popeyes brand in the U.S. and Canada (“PLK”); 
4.
Firehouse Subs – operations of our Firehouse Subs brand in the U.S. and Canada (“FHS”);
5.
International – operations of each of our brands outside the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of PLK China and FHS Brazil 
restaurants included in our RH segment (“INTL”); and
6.
Restaurant Holdings – operations of Burger King restaurants acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition and the operations of 
PLK China and FHS Brazil restaurants (“RH”).
Table of Contents
99
