Cash and Cash Equivalents
All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and credit card receivables are considered cash 
equivalents.
Accounts and Notes Receivable, net 
Our credit loss exposure is mainly concentrated in our accounts and notes receivable portfolio, which consists primarily of 
amounts due from franchisees, including royalties, rents, franchise fees, contributions due to advertising funds we manage and, in the 
case of our TH segment, amounts due for supply chain sales. Accounts and notes receivable are reported net of an allowance for 
expected credit losses over the estimated life of the receivable. Credit losses are estimated based on aging, historical collection 
experience, financial position of the franchisee and other factors, including those related to current economic conditions and 
reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions. 
Bad debt expense recognized for expected credit losses is classified in our consolidated statement of operations as Cost of sales, 
Franchise and property expenses or Advertising expenses and other services, based on the nature of the underlying receivable. Net bad 
debt expense totaled $24 million in 2024, $20 million in 2023 and $19 million in 2022.
Inventories
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value and consist primarily of raw materials such as green coffee 
beans and finished goods such as new equipment, parts, paper supplies and restaurant food items. The moving average method is used 
to determine the cost of raw materials and finished goods inventories held for sale to Tim Hortons franchisees.
Property and Equipment, net
We record property and equipment at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, which is recognized using 
the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: (i) buildings and improvements – up to 40 years; (ii) restaurant 
equipment – up to 17 years; (iii) furniture, fixtures and other – up to 10 years; and (iv) manufacturing equipment – up to 25 years. 
Leasehold improvements to properties where we are the lessee are amortized over the lesser of the remaining term of the lease or the 
estimated useful life of the improvement.
Major improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred.
Capitalized Software and Cloud Computing Costs
We record capitalized software at historical cost less accumulated amortization, which is recognized using the straight-line 
method. Amortization expense is based on the estimated useful life of the software, which is primarily up to five years, once the asset 
is available for its intended use.
Implementation costs incurred in connection with Cloud Computing Arrangements (“CCA”) are capitalized consistently with 
costs capitalized for internal-use software. Capitalized CCA implementation costs are included in “Other assets” in the consolidated 
balance sheets and are amortized over the term of the related hosting agreement, including renewal periods that are reasonably certain 
to be exercised. Amortization expense of CCA implementation costs is classified as “General and administrative expenses” in the 
consolidated statements of operations.  
Leases
In all leases, whether we are the lessor or lessee, we define lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease plus any renewals 
covered by renewal options that are reasonably certain of exercise based on our assessment of the economic factors relevant to the 
lessee. The noncancellable term of the lease commences on the date the lessor makes the underlying property in the lease available to 
the lessee, irrespective of when lease payments begin under the contract.
Lessor Accounting
We recognize lease payments for operating leases as property revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and property 
revenue is presented net of any related sales tax. Lease incentive payments we make to lessees are amortized as a reduction in property 
revenue over the lease term. We account for reimbursements of maintenance and property tax costs paid to us by lessees as property 
revenue. 
We also have net investments in properties leased to franchisees, which are classified as sales-type leases or direct financing 
leases. Investments in sales-type leases and direct financing leases are recorded on a net basis. Profit on sales-type leases is recognized 
at lease commencement and recorded in other operating expenses (income), net. Unearned income on direct financing leases is 
Table of Contents
67
