Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
22 
(i) 
The additional holder (“Additional Holder”) is an 
Immediate Family Member of an individual, original franchisee (“Original Franchisee”).  No more than one 
Additional Holder shall be permitted per Original Franchisee. 
(ii) 
The Additional Holder is approved as a Burger King 
Franchisee in accordance with then current BKC standards for approving new franchisees.  
(iii) 
The Additional Holder agrees, in writing, to assume 
liability and to perform all the terms and conditions of the Agreement to the same extent as the Original 
Franchisee. 
In no event shall there be more than five (5) Additional Holders nor at any time shall the combined total of 
Original Franchisees and Additional Holders exceed ten (10).  
(m) 
LLC shall not engage in any business activity other than that which 
is directly related to the ownership and operation of Franchisee's franchised Burger King Restaurant(s). 
(n) 
The Governing Instruments of the LLC shall reflect the limitation 
in the number of holders of Voting Units and that the issuance and transfers of Voting Units are restricted 
and may be issued or transferred only with the written consent of BKC. 
(o) 
Franchisee shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 
11.A(3) of this Agreement in the adoption of any name for the LLC. 
(p) 
Franchisee shall deliver an opinion letter to BKC from the LLC’s 
legal counsel, which legal counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to BKC, as to the LLC’s due organization, 
good standing and authority to enter into the Agreement. 
(q) 
Franchisee shall pay to BKC an initial one-time Processing Fee in 
the amount set forth as the Processing Fee on the Key Contract Data page (the “Processing Fee”) and a 
Transfer Fee in the amount set forth as the Transfer Fee on the Key Contract Data page (the “Transfer 
Fee”) at the time of the request for assignment. 
(r) 
Franchisee shall have completed all deferred repair and 
maintenance requirements at the Franchised Restaurant at the time of the request for assignment. 
(s) 
There are no defaults under this Agreement or any other 
agreements between Franchisee and BKC at the time of the request for assignment. 
(t) 
All monetary obligations to BKC of any kind, whether arising under 
this Agreement or otherwise, shall be paid in full at the time of the request for assignment. 
(u) 
Franchisee shall otherwise satisfy all of BKC's standard 
requirements for Franchise Approval (other than financial approval) at the time of the request for 
assignment. 
E. 
If more than one (1) individual comprises the Franchisee, the assignment, in whole 
or in part, by any such individual (the “Individual Seller”) of Franchisee’s ownership interest in the 
Franchised Restaurant (or if this Agreement has been assigned to a Corporation or LLC pursuant to 
Section 15.D herein, the assignment of Franchisee’s stock of the Corporation or Voting Units of the LLC) 
shall be subject to the prior written consent of BKC, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld upon 
compliance with the conditions required by BKC on the assignment.  BKC shall use reasonable efforts to 
provide to Franchisee consent to the assignment, or communicate notice of disapproval, within ninety (90) 
