Share-based Compensation
Compensation expense related to the issuance of share-based awards to our employees is measured at fair value on the grant 
date. The fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is generally based on the closing price of RBI's common shares on the trading 
day preceding the date of grant. Our total shareholder return and if applicable our total shareholder return relative to our peer group is 
incorporated into the underlying assumptions using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model to calculate grant date fair value for 
performance based awards with a market condition. Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price or market value equal to 
the closing price of RBI common shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is 
used to value stock options. The compensation expense for awards that vest over a future service period is recognized over the 
requisite service period on a straight-line basis, adjusted for estimated forfeitures of awards that are not expected to vest. We use 
historical data to estimate forfeitures for share-based awards. The compensation expense for awards that contain performance 
conditions is recognized when it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved.
Supplier Finance Programs
Our Tim Hortons business includes individually negotiated contracts with suppliers, which include payment terms that range up 
to 120 days. A global financial institution offers a voluntary supply chain finance (“SCF”) program to certain Tim Hortons vendors, 
which provides suppliers that elect to participate with the ability to elect early payment, which is discounted based on the payment 
terms and a rate based on RBI's credit rating, which may be beneficial to the vendor. Participation in the SCF program is at the sole 
discretion of the suppliers and financial institution and we are not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the financial 
institution. Our obligations to suppliers are not affected by the suppliers’ decisions to participate in the SCF program and our payment 
terms remain the same based on the original supplier invoicing terms and conditions. No guarantees are provided by us or any of our 
subsidiaries in connection with the SCF Program.  
Our confirmed outstanding obligations under the SCF program are classified as Accounts and drafts payable in our consolidated 
balance sheets. All activity related to the obligations is classified as Cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations and 
presented within cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The following table reflects the 
change of our confirmed outstanding obligations under the SCF program between December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 (in 
millions):
Confirmed obligations outstanding at December 31, 2023
$ 
36 
Invoices confirmed during the period
 
159 
Confirmed invoices paid during the period
 
(173) 
Confirmed obligations outstanding at December 31, 2024
$ 
22 
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial 
statements have been reclassified in order to be comparable with the current year classifications. These reclassifications did not arise 
as a result of any changes to accounting policies and relate entirely to presentation with no effect on previously reported net income.
New Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Reporting – In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance that expands 
segment disclosures for public entities, including requiring disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to 
the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses 
reported measures of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and allocating resources. The new guidance also 
expands disclosures about a reportable segment’s profit or loss and assets in interim periods and clarifies that a public entity may 
report additional measures of segment profit if the CODM uses more than one measure of a segment’s profit or loss. The new 
guidance does not remove existing segment disclosure requirements or change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, 
aggregates those operating segments, or determines its reportable segments. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we adopted this 
guidance and added necessary disclosures upon adoption as disclosed in Note 18, Segment Reporting and Geographical Information.
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures – In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance that expands income tax disclosures 
for public entities, including requiring enhanced disclosures related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. The 
guidance is effective for annual disclosures for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The 
guidance should be applied on a prospective basis, with retrospective application to all prior periods presented in the financial 
statements permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact this new guidance will have on our disclosures upon adoption and expect 
to provide additional detail and disclosures under this new guidance.
Table of Contents
72
