Item 11 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 58 
ii Classroom instruction as outlined by the State of Illinois is required and on-line certification is not 
accepted. 
 
ServSafe® Food Safety Training (National Restaurant Association Food Safety training) (“ServSafe®”) 
must be completed before opening the Restaurant by Operating Partner or Managing Owner, restaurant 
manager, and if applicable, the Managing Director, as determined by us, and Restaurant Manager. ServSafe 
Essentials course may be taken in a venue and format approved and certified by the National Education 
Foundation and our training department. 
We may require additional training programs for individual Owner/Operators, Managing Owners, 
restaurant managers, or Managing Directors to implement current operations, standards, and procedures 
and to facilitate the growth and changes of the Franchisee.  We also make available and sometimes require 
periodic workshops and seminars for restaurant managers, which include management courses and updating 
of operational skills.  This training fee is $7,500 per person (payable to us before training begins), and you 
will also be responsible for all travel, food, and lodging costs and membership and materials fees.  
We will provide Pre-opening and Restaurant opening assistance as we deem appropriate. 
We also provide continuing operations training programs, which you (as an Operating Partner, 
Managing Owner, or Managing Director, as applicable) may be required to attend. This training fee is 
$7,500 per person (payable to us before training begins), and you will also be responsible for all travel, 
food, and lodging costs and membership and materials fees. 
If the Operating Partner, Managing Owner, or Managing Director leaves the Franchisee or dies or 
becomes incapacitated, the position must be filled with an individual we approve that has completed all 
operations training requirements and pay any then-current training fees for additional trainees. 
You must implement a training program for your employees that complies with our current Team 
Member and Manager training program.  These training obligations may change from time to time.  At a 
minimum, we presently require:   

Team Members must be trained using the BK® University Team Member Training 
Program; and 

Any person designated to run a shift at your Restaurant must, before running a shift, 
complete and be certified in the BKC Shift Certification Program, including, ServSafe®
and Foundations of Shift Management. 
Your performance and qualifications to become a Franchisee will be evaluated by us throughout 
the training program.  We may terminate your application and approval process to become a Franchisee at 
any time if your performance in training (or that of any required training attendees, as applicable) is 
unacceptable.  
Final franchise approval requires the successful completion of all required training programs. 
For certain training courses, you must pay a course or materials fee to us or third parties.   
We may make changes and revisions to the training program, locations or materials at any time.  
All members of our training team currently average over 3 years of experience in quick-serve 
restaurants or hospitality operations training. Our training staff has the responsibility for delivering training 
programs, courses and support material. The corporate officer in charge of our training program is Greg 
