Item 11 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 60 
software for order processing, labor management, inventory management, cash management, time and 
attendance, and integrated credit, debit and gift card processing and digital transactions.  As of the date of 
this disclosure document, the cost to purchase a POS system ranges from approximately $20,000 to $25,000 
per Restaurant, which includes a 12-month basic hardware warranty and installation costs.  This estimated 
cost is based on a Restaurant with above recommended POS and KDS hardware. Full standard required 
hardware is listed in the Global POS Policy. 
You must also obtain the services and equipment (e.g., firewall, switches, routers, access point, 
cables) needed to participate in the Network Standardization program.  As mentioned in the Global 
Restaurant Technology Standards Guide, only approved Network providers must be used. This program 
requires you to partner with approved network vendor.  These vendors provide the necessary Firewall, 
Business Wi-Fi, and Guest Wi-Fi services meeting our standards.  Guest Wi-Fi must be free of charge to 
customers of your Restaurant.  You must also adhere to the configuration standard (port assignment) as 
determined by us.  You will be provided the hardware and services by a vendor approved by us.  The initial 
and ongoing hardware/service/support costs for the Network Standardization program are $220 to $450 per 
month per Restaurant, charged by the vendor. 
Neither we nor our affiliates have any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades 
or support for your computer systems.  All our approved suppliers for the POS system offer on-going 
software maintenance, hardware support, menu maintenances service, system installation and training 
services, help desk services, data warehouse systems and services and miscellaneous professional services.  
We require that you at least purchase software maintenance, Wi-Fi services, menu maintenance and help 
desk services.  The annual cost of these services typically ranges from $2,000 to $4,000 per Restaurant.  All 
technical services are your responsibility and may be purchased from the POS vendor based on your 
technical capabilities and needs.   
Upon our request, you must upgrade or update your hardware, software, POS system and other 
technology to maintain PCI compliance or due to feature and technical enhancements required to support 
our programs.  (See Franchise Agreement – Sec. 5.D. and F.)  
Advertising and Promotion
Advertising Fund 
As noted in Items 6 and 9 to this disclosure document, you must make advertising contributions to 
us.  (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 9)  We maintain an advertising fund (“Fund”) that includes Franchisee 
contributions and contribution by us as well as funds from certain suppliers (as described in Item 8 to this 
disclosure document).  The rates of contribution to the Fund vary among Franchisees, and we may 
periodically offer programs to our Franchisees that will provide them benefits that offset their obligation to 
the Fund.  Although not required to do so, our company-owned restaurants will contribute to the Fund as 
we require of you, except that if for any reason we provide payments to third party lenders who lend to our 
Franchisees, these restaurants  may reduce their  contributions to the Fund by the amount of these payments.  
Also, due to our predecessor’s participation in programs offered to our Franchisees, it has reduced its 
voluntary contributions to the Fund to the same extent as would be permitted by Franchisees, and future 
contributions by our company-owned restaurants are likely to be similarly reduced.  Various suppliers may 
also contribute to the Fund in consideration of purchases by Franchisees and us.  Any advertising funds in 
the Fund not spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue are carried forward to the next year.  We administer 
the Fund and arrange for an annual audit.  These audited financial statements for the Fund are prepared 
annually and are available to Franchisees upon request.    
