of BKC pursuant to this Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents or in connection with any
Permitted Encumbrances.
c.
This Security Agreement is effective to create a valid and continuing
security interest and Lien on and, upon the filing of the appropriate financing statements, a perfected
security interest and Lien in favor of BKC on the Collateral with respect to which a security interest and
Lien may be perfected by filing pursuant to the Code.
d.
All action by Grantor necessary or desirable to protect and perfect the
Lien of BKC on all Instruments, Letter of Credit Rights and Chattel Paper of Grantor (including the
delivery of all originals thereof to BKC and the legending of all Chattel Paper or control of all electronic
Chattel Paper) has been duly taken.
e.
The location of Grantor’s chief executive office, principal place of
business, offices, all warehouses and premises where Collateral is stored or located, and the locations of
its books and records concerning the Collateral are set forth on Schedule I hereto. Grantor has only one
state of incorporation or organization.
f.
With respect to Inventory: (i) all presently existing Inventory is now
located at Grantor’s Restaurants, and (ii) no Inventory shall at any time or times hereafter be stored at
any other location without BKC’s prior consent.
5.
COVENANTS. Grantor covenants and agrees with BKC that from and after the date of
this Security Agreement and until the Termination Date:
a.

FURTHER ASSURANCES.

(i)
At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of BKC and
at the sole expense of Grantor, Grantor shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any
and all such further instruments and documents and take such further actions as BKC
may deem desirable to obtain the full benefits of this Security Agreement and of the rights
and powers herein granted, including (A) using its best efforts to secure all consents and
approvals necessary or appropriate for the assignment to or for the benefit of BKC of any
License or Contract held by Grantor and to enforce the security interests granted
hereunder; and (B) filing any financing or continuation statements under the Code with
respect to the Liens granted hereunder or under any other Loan Document.
(ii)
Unless BKC shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent may be
revoked), Grantor shall deliver to BKC all Collateral consisting of negotiable Documents,
certified securities, Chattel Paper and Instruments (in each case, accompanied by stock
powers, allonges or other instruments of transfer executed in blank) promptly after
Grantor receives the same.
(iii)
Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes BKC at any time and from time to
time to file in any filing office in any Uniform Commercial Code jurisdiction any initial
financing statements and continuations and amendments thereto that (a) indicate the
Collateral as “all assets of Grantor” or words of similar effect, regardless of whether any
particular asset comprised in the Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the Code
or such jurisdiction, or (ii) as being of an equal or lesser scope or with greater detail, and
(b) contain any other information required by part 5 of Article 9 of the Code for the
sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement or amendment, including
(i) whether Grantor is an organization, the type of organization and any organization
identification number issued to Grantor, and (ii) in the case of a financing statement filed
as a fixture filing, a sufficient description of real property to which the Collateral relates.
Grantor agrees to furnish any such information to BKC promptly upon request. Grantor
Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z4 (03/2025)
BK#________

7

