conducted; (ii) BUYER has all requisite power and authority and has taken all action necessary
to sign and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to
perform its obligations hereunder; and (iii) this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation
of BUYER, enforceable against BUYER in accordance with its terms.
8.

CARROLS COVENANTS

CARROLS shall cause BKC to issue Franchise Agreements and Leases to Buyer at
Closing having an effective date as of the date of Takeover and with an expiration date for the
corresponding CARROLS Restaurant as shown on Exhibit “H”. The Guaranteed minimum annual
rent (base rent) and percentage rent due to BKC from BUYER under the Leases will be as set
forth on Exhibit “H”.
9.

BUYER COVENANTS

9.1
Ancillary Agreements. At Closing, BUYER shall enter into the Ancillary
Agreements with BKC. There shall be no franchise fee due from BUYER to BKC under the
Franchise Agreements issued for the CARROLS Restaurants at Closing. This provision shall
survive the closing.
9.2.
Resale Fee. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing, BUYER shall pay to
BKC a resale fee in connection with the sale of the CARROLS Restaurants by wire transfer to
BKC’s account in the amount of $________________. The resale fee shall be deemed fully
earned and non-refundable as of the Closing. This provision shall survive the Closing.
9.3
Sublease Fees. Within thirty (30) days following the Closing, BUYER shall
reimburse BKC for any and all fees or other amounts charged by the landlords of the underlying
master leases resulting from BKC’s grant of a sublease to BUYER as contemplated hereunder.
This provision shall survive the Closing.
9.4
Business Licenses and Permits. At or prior to Closing, BUYER shall transfer or
obtain any new business licenses and permits and take any other action necessary for the
continued operation of the CARROLS Restaurants. Any additional expense or improvements
required to continue operation of the CARROLS Restaurants shall be the responsibility of the
BUYER.
9.5
Utilities. BUYER shall transfer accounts into its name (or establish new accounts
in BUYER’s name) for all utilities (including gas, electric, water, cable, internet, phone) by no later
than the date of Takeover. Any deposits for utility services made at any time by CARROLS shall
be returned or refunded to CARROLS upon receipt by BUYER. If BUYER assumes any deposit
or it is transferred to BUYER, BUYER shall immediately refund an amount equal to the deposit to
CARROLS within five (5) days after any such assumption or transfer. This provision shall survive
the Closing.
9.6
Transfer Costs. BUYER is responsible for all taxes and penalties and interest, if
any, as well as any other taxes, including sales, transfer, unemployment, real estate, and personal
property and similar taxes (other than CARROLS’s income taxes) which accrue on or after the
Closing Date arising out of this transaction or the operation of the CARROLS Restaurants or use
of the Purchased Assets. If BUYER receives any notice of taxes or liens relating to the Purchased
Assets which are attributable to CARROLS’s ownership of the Purchased Assets prior to the
Closing Date, BUYER agrees to promptly provide any such notice and materials to CARROLS.
Asset Purchase Agreement (Carrols Refranchise)
Exhibit F2 (01/2026)

7

