which shall, at a minimum, include the completion of the improvements necessary to satisfy the “New
Midterm Scope Requirements” posted on the website, designwithbk.com, as may be updated or revised by
BKC from time to time. The actual Scope of Work (as such term is defined below) required to Complete
the Midterm Remodel by Franchisee will vary depending on the condition of the respective Restaurant prior
to the effective date of this Forbearance Agreement and in addition to the foregoing, will include those items
set forth in the applicable FIR issued to Franchisee, if any. Franchisee shall remodel each of the
Restaurants in accordance with the Remodel Requirements. In addition, Franchisee shall use only such
equipment, furnishings, signage and other materials in connection with the Midterm Remodel that will have
met BKC’s then current standards and specifications for equipment, furnishings, signage and other
materials.
c.
With respect to each Restaurant, Franchisee will provide BKC with a specific scope of work
and other details as requested by BKC (the “Scope of Work”). BKC shall either approve or amend the
Scope of Work in writing. Any amendment to an approved Scope of Work requires BKC's written consent,
and BKC shall either approve or reject the proposed amendment. If Franchisee submits a draft Scope of
Work for a Restaurant that does not meet the Remodel Requirements, BKC is entitled, but not obligated,
to amend the draft Scope of Work in such a way that the Remodel Requirements will be met for the
Restaurant. Upon submission of the revised Scope of Work to Franchisee, the Scope of Work shall become
final and binding upon Franchisee.
6.
Post-Inspections. Franchisee shall notify BKC of each concluded Midterm Remodel project by
email to BKC’s construction manager or development lead responsible for the respective Restaurant at
which such Midterm Remodel was performed and simultaneously sending such notice to the addresses for
BKC set forth in Section 10(g) below, specifying the Restaurant (by BK#) and location. Such notification
must be received by BKC within ten (10) days of conclusion of the Midterm Remodel project. BKC and
Franchisee shall then schedule a final walk-through inspection of the applicable Restaurant to determine
whether it has been remodeled in accordance with this Forbearance Agreement. BKC shall have sole and
absolute discretion to verify Completion of the Midterm Remodel in accordance with this Forbearance
Agreement and shall have sole and absolute discretion to determine the method and scope of the final
walk-through inspection.
7.

Default and Termination.
a.
If Franchisee does not Complete a Midterm Remodel of a Restaurant on or before the
applicable Remodel Deadline, then the following shall apply:
i. In addition to any other rights or remedies of BKC, Franchisee shall pay to BKC an
increased royalty under the existing Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant at a royalty
rate equal to the sum of the rate payable immediately prior to the Remodel Deadline under
the existing Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant plus three percent (3.0%) on all
monthly Gross Sales (as defined in the Franchise Agreement for such Restaurant)
commencing on the Remodel Deadline for the Restaurant and ending on the earlier of (A)
such date as BKC, in its sole and absolute discretion, has verified Completion of the
Midterm Remodel of such Restaurant, or (B) the expiration or earlier termination of the
relevant Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant at which such Midterm Remodel was not
Completed by Franchisee, which for purposes of clarity shall expire (if not earlier
terminated) on the expiration date expressly set forth therein without any extension by
reason of the parties’ execution of this Forbearance Agreement.
ii. If Franchisee fails to Complete a Midterm Remodel of a Restaurant as of the applicable
Remodel Deadline and (A) Franchisee shall not have previously failed to timely Complete
the Midterm Remodel of any other Restaurant on or before such Restaurant’s respective
Remodel Deadline and (B) Franchisee shall not fail to timely Complete the Midterm
Remodel of any other Restaurant having the same Remodel Deadline, then Franchisee
shall be granted a sixty (60) day cure period (the “Shortfall Cure Period”) from such

Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement
Exhibit W (03/2025)
3

