it is a “DTL.” The calculation of the rent due to us varies depending on the circumstances. In those
instances where we agree to acquire a location and lease it to you, with or without a developed
facility, your rent will generally be determined as follows. If we own the Restaurant premises (land
and building) the minimum annual rent is typically 10% of the capitalized site acquisition costs
and, if applicable, construction costs, against a designated percentage of annual Gross Sales. The
minimum annual rent will increase by 12% every 5 years for those leases where we own the
property. If we lease the property, the minimum annual rent you pay is typically 125% of the rent
paid by us plus 10% of the capitalized site acquisition and construction costs, against a designated
percentage of annual Gross Sales. If any underlying master lease contains an escalation clause,
your rent will be increased by 125% of the escalation. In addition to the minimum annual rent you
will pay percentage rent which is typically 8.5% of monthly Gross Sales up to $133,333.33 and
increases to 10% on monthly Gross Sales above $133,333.33 per month in excess of the monthly
installment of the guaranteed minimum annual rent to be paid for each month.
For BKLs where we sell a Restaurant we own to you and lease you the land and building, your rent
will generally be determined as follows: If we own the Restaurant premises (land and building),
the minimum annual rent is typically the higher of: (i) 10% of the capitalized site acquisition costs
and, if applicable, construction costs, against a designated percentage of annual Gross Sales; or
(ii) 8.5% of trailing twelve months’ Gross Sales, against a designated percentage of annual Gross
Sales. The minimum annual rent will increase by 12% every 5 years for those leases where we
own the property. If we lease the Restaurant premises (land and building), the minimum annual
rent you pay is typically 125% of the rent paid by us, plus 10% of the capitalized site acquisition
and construction costs, against a designated percentage of annual Gross Sales. If any underlying
master lease contains an escalation clause, your rent will be increased by 125% of the escalation.
In addition to the minimum annual rent you will pay percentage rent which is typically 8.5% of
monthly Gross Sales up to $133,333.33 and increases to 10% on monthly Gross Sales above
$133,333.33 per month in excess of the monthly installment of the guaranteed minimum annual
rent to be paid for each month. Rent will vary if you are acquiring the Restaurant(s) under the
Crown Your Career Program.
The rent you pay on a BKL when you enter into a successor Lease Agreement will generally be
determined as follows. If we own the property, the minimum annual rent you pay initially shall be;
(i) the greater of 85% of the trailing twelve months rent paid or (ii) 12% increase on current base
rent for a term of 5 years, and then, the minimum annual rent will increase by 12% every 5 years.
If we lease the property, the minimum annual rent you pay is typically the greater of 125% of the
rent paid by us or 85% of the trailing twelve month rent paid. If any underlying master lease
contains an escalation clause, your rent will be increased by 125% of the escalation amount. In
addition to the minimum annual rent, you will pay percentage rent which is typically 8.5% of
monthly Gross Sales up to $133,333.33 and increases to 10% on monthly Gross Sales above
$133,333.33 per month in excess of the monthly installment of the guaranteed minimum annual
rental to be paid for each month.
If you default under the lease, you pay the full amount of the rent and additional charges that would
have accrued for the balance of the lease term. You may have to pay the cost of re-letting the
premises, plus costs and attorneys’ fees spent by us to enforce the terms of the lease. If you do not
repair or maintain the premises we can have the work done and charge you for those costs.
5.

Entity or LLC Application Fees. An existing Franchisee who seeks to qualify to convert to an
Entity ownership structure under our then-current Entity Guidelines must file a distribution plan
application with us and pay an application fee and a conversion fee. The application fee is currently
$5,000 per Entity, but if the same Managing Owner applies to establish another Entity with a

Item 6
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 36

