the remainder of the term for each of these Restaurants, effective immediately upon the second opening
failure.
If you are receiving benefits under another program, you will not be eligible for this program.
Copies of the addenda to the MTRA and the Franchise Agreement you will sign for this program are
attached at Exhibits K1 and K2.
Existing Restaurant and Remodel Programs
Crown Your Career Program.
If we have offered you, and you have accepted, the opportunity to franchise one or more BURGER
KING Restaurant(s) under the Crown Your Career Program, you will sign the current form of Franchise
Agreement along with the current form of Crown Your Career Program agreements, which may differ from
the forms attached to this disclosure document. We or our affiliate will sell to you the assets of the
BURGER KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at the time of the offer, which will vary based
on the location, condition and quantity of the assets included, our capital expenditures for that BURGER
KING Restaurant(s), number of BURGER KING Restaurants included in the sale, and other factors. The
purchase price is due upon the closing of the purchase and is nonrefundable. You will also be responsible
for other initial fees as disclosed in this Item 5. The current form of agreements under the program as of
the issuance date of this disclosure document are included at Exhibits Z1 – Z4.
Carrols Refranchise Program.
We or our affiliate may offer you the opportunity to purchase the assets of one or more BURGER
KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at the time of the offer, which will vary based on the
location, condition and quantity of the assets included, our capital expenditures for that BURGER KING
Restaurant(s), and number of BURGER KING Restaurants included in the sale, among other factors. In
addition to the purchase price, you will pay upon closing for certain fees and costs, including a technology
installation fee (up to $5,000 per BURGER KING Restaurant), purchased inventory costs, and a restaurant
bank amount. The purchase price and all other fees and costs are due upon the closing of the purchase and
is nonrefundable. You will also be responsible for other initial fees as disclosed in this Item 5 for each
BURGER KING Restaurant purchased; however, you will not pay a franchise fee under the Franchise
Agreements for these purchased BURGER KING Restaurants.
In order to be considered for the opportunity to purchase the assets of one or more BURGER KING
Restaurant(s) operated by us or our affiliate, Carrols, you will sign the current form Term Sheet (Exhibit
F1). When you sign the Term Sheet, you will pay a deposit equal to 5% of the total purchase price (the
“Purchase Price Deposit”). The Purchase Price Deposit is refundable at any time within the 30 days
following its effective date if you provide written notice of termination of the Term Sheet to us. After the
30-day period, the Purchase Price Deposit will be either (1) applied to the purchase price if you enter into
the Asset Purchase Agreement (“APA”) (Exhibit F2) with either us or Carrols, as applicable for the
BURGER KING Restaurant(s) being purchased, and close on the transaction; or (2) forfeited by you if you
do not enter into the APA or commit a breach of the APA; or (3) refunded to you if we or our affiliate
breaches the APA or a mutually agreed financing contingency to the closing of the transaction is not
satisfied. If we or our affiliate offers this opportunity to you, and you accept this, you will sign the current
form of Franchise Agreement along with the current form of Carrols Refranchise Addendum (Exhibit F3)
and any other documents we require for each BURGER KING Restaurant. In some of these refranchising
transactions, BKC (rather than Carrols) will be the seller of the BURGER KING Restaurant(s), in which
case BKC will use substantially the same forms of Term Sheet, APA, and Carrols Refranchise Addendum
included at Exhibits F1 – F3. You will also be required to remodel the BURGER KING Restaurant(s)
Item 5
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 21

