liability company enabling statute of the state in which the LLC is created. As used herein, the term “Voting
Units” refers to any “voting membership interests,” “Non-Voting Units” refers to any non-voting membership
interests, and the term “Units” refers collectively to Voting Units and Non-Voting Units. The LLC may also
grant certain members preferential rights with respect to distributions of the LLC, provided, however, that
such grant is in compliance with the applicable enabling statute and that such preferential rights be granted
to members who hold only Non-Voting Units.
(d)
Franchisee shall own one hundred percent (100%) of the
outstanding Voting Units. The Operating Partner must remain the owner of not less than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding Voting Units after any transfer or issuance of Units of the LLC.
(e)
Non-Voting Units may be issued to, owned and held only by the
spouse and/or children of the Franchisee (“Immediate Family Members”) and key employees of
Franchisee's franchised Burger King Restaurant(s) (“Key Employees”). Prior to the issuance of any and all
Units, Franchisee shall take all steps reasonably necessary to comply with applicable state and federal
laws and regulations including any applicable disclosure requirements.
(f)
An LLC issuing Non-Voting Units shall adopt and use the
applicable provisions set forth in BKC's “Guidelines For The Preparation of Limited Liability Company
Governing Instruments” (the “Guidelines”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by
Franchisee.
(g)
Neither the Governing Instruments nor any other agreement shall
grant to owners of Non-Voting Units the ability to prevent the approval of an action otherwise approved by
the owners of all the Voting Units.
(h)
Franchisee shall cause the LLC to comply with the provisions of
this Agreement, including the Guidelines and the Governing Instruments. If the LLC fails or is unable to
comply with these provisions, including the provisions limiting the voting rights of owners of Units, the
provisions limiting the number of owners of Voting Units and the provisions requiring redemption or
repurchase of Units, then the Franchisee shall take action to cause substantial compliance, which action
may include the purchase by Franchisee of Non-Voting Units and, if Franchisee fails or is unable to cause
substantial compliance, then BKC may declare Franchisee and the LLC in default under this Agreement
and any other Franchise Agreement similarly affected by Franchisee's failure or inability.
(i)
Immediate Family Members and Key Employees shall not be
required to become personally liable for the performance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement as
a result of their ownership of Non-Voting Units.
(j)
Under the provisions set forth in the Guidelines, the Governing
Instruments shall require that the LLC redeem Non-Voting Units at such time as the holder ceases to be a
Key Employee or an Immediate Family Member.
(k)
No Units may be pledged, mortgaged, hypothecated, given as
security for an obligation or in any manner encumbered.
(l)
Any sale, transfer, assignment or issuance of Voting Units shall
be subject to BKC's approval. In the case of an acquisition of additional Units by the Operating Partner,
this requirement shall be satisfied by BKC being given written notice describing the transaction within seven
(7) days following the transfer or issuance. At no time shall the LLC have more than five (5) holders of
Voting Units unless otherwise authorized in writing by the Chief Executive Officer of BKC. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, BKC may, in the exercise of its reasonable discretion, permit more than five holders of Voting
Units upon compliance with each of the following conditions:

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
21

