(vi)

Other. Such other items as Lessor may from time to time request of Lessee in
writing.

Each of the foregoing items must be received by Lessor no later than the twentieth (20th) day of any
calendar month in which Lessee seeks disbursement of Building Improvement Funds.
(b)

Upon Lessee’s satisfactory compliance with all of the provisions of this Article VI (including
Lessor’s receipt of the items described in Section 6.4 (a) above) and provided Lessee is
not in default under any of the provisions of this Lease, Lessor shall, on the first day of the
calendar month following Lessee’s full and faithful compliance with the obligations set forth
above, disburse the appropriate amount of Building Improvement Funds to reimburse
Lessee for any authorized and approved Replacement Costs.

(c)

In no event shall Lessor be required to disburse Building Improvement Funds to Lessee if
Lessee has not satisfied in full all of the requirements of this Article VI.

(d)

In no event shall Lessor be required to disburse Building Improvement Funds to Lessee or
to any federal, state or local governmental authority to pay, satisfy or discharge any taxes,
assessments, charges, excises, levies, fees or other governmental impositions and
charges of any kind and nature whatsoever which are payable in connection with the
interest earned on the Building Improvement Funds.

(e)

At Lessor’s sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate amount of Building Improvement
Funds may be disbursed to Lessee at any time during the Term of the Lease to reimburse
Lessee for additional improvements or Repairs required pursuant to this Lease other than
the Building Improvements for the Premises. However, this reference shall not in any way
obligate Lessor to make any such disbursements.

§6.5 INSPECTION OF WORK. Lessor shall have no responsibility to Lessee or to any other person (i) to
inspect the Building Improvements; (ii) to see that the Building Improvements are constructed in accordance
with applicable plans and specifications, or that the Building Improvements will be completed, or that
sufficient funds are available for completion; (iii) for mechanics’ liens or claims by contractors,
subcontractors or materialmen not disclosed by Lessee in each request for Building Improvement Funds
submitted by Lessee; or (iv) for claims which may be found upon waiver of lien and/or paid invoices
presented to Lessor which have been forged or otherwise wrongfully procured; nor where such document
was executed by a person lacking authority to execute same; provided, however, Lessor or Lessor may
inspect the Premises and/or the status of the Building Improvements at any time.
§6.6 DEFAULT UNDER LEASE. Notwithstanding any other terms of this Lease, in the event that Lessee
is in default under any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Lease and Lessee fails to cure any
such default during any applicable cure period, the Lessor, may, at the option of Lessor and in addition to
any other remedies available to Lessor under this Lease and applicable law, apply all of the Building
Improvement Funds or any part thereof as may be necessary to compensate Lessor towards the payment
of the Rent or any other sum in default, or towards any expenditure that Lessor may spend or become
obligated to spend by reason of Lessee’s uncured default, or to compensate Lessor for any other loss or
damage which Lessor may suffer by reason of Lessee’s default. If any portion is so used, Lessee shall
within five (5) days after written demand therefor, pay to Lessor an amount sufficient to restore the Building
Improvement Funds to its original amount just prior to the default, and Lessee’s failure to do so shall be a
material breach of this Lease. The judgment and determination of Lessor as to any such deficiency or
insufficiency shall be final and conclusive. The provisions in this Section 6.6 shall not serve to limit or
otherwise reduce Lessor’s remedies as set forth in Article IX below.
§6.7 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Lessor’s duties under this Article VI are purely ministerial in nature and
shall be expressly limited to the safekeeping of the Building Improvement Funds, and the disbursement of
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
14

