L.

Death or Mental Incapacity

Upon the death or mental incapacity of an Owner, the executor, administrator, or
personal representative of such Owner shall transfer the Owner's interest in Franchisee or the Parent to a
third party approved by BKC within twelve (12) months from the date of the Owner's death or mental
incapacity. Such transfer shall be subject to BKC's right of first refusal under Section 16, or, if such right is
not exercised, the same conditions as may be imposed on any inter vivos transfer under this Section 15.
If the conveyance of the Owner's interest to a party acceptable to BKC has not taken place within the twelve
(12) month period, BKC shall have the option, to purchase the Owner's interest at fair market value.
M.

No Waiver

BKC's consent to a transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have
against the transferring party, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of BKC's right to demand exact compliance
with any of the terms of this Agreement by the transferor or transferee.
16.

RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

A.
In the event Franchisee, any one (1) or more Owners, any one (1) or more Affiliates
of Franchisee, or any one (1) or more Affiliates of any Owner wishes to accept a bona fide offer from a third
party to purchase the Franchised Restaurant, or any portion thereof or interest therein, or any of the voting
stock of Franchisee, Franchisee shall give BKC written notice setting forth the name and address of the
prospective purchaser, the price and terms of the offer together with a franchisee application completed by
the prospective purchaser, a copy of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, executed by both Franchisee and
purchaser, and all exhibits, copies of any real estate purchase agreement or agreements, proposed security
agreements and related promissory notes, assignment documents, title insurance commitment and any
other information that BKC may request in order to evaluate the offer. BKC, its subsidiary or Affiliates
(herein collectively “BKC”) shall then have the prior option to purchase the interests covered by the offer at
the price and upon the same terms of the offer. If the consideration is not money, the purchase price shall
be cash equal to the fair market value of the consideration. BKC shall have twenty (20) business days,
excluding weekends and federal holidays, after receipt of the notice of offer and the furnishing of all
reasonably requested information within which to notify Franchisee, such Owners, or such Affiliates, as
applicable, of BKC's intent to exercise its right hereunder. Silence on the part of BKC shall constitute
rejection. If the proposed sale includes assets of Franchisee not related to the Franchised Restaurant, or
the operation of other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants, BKC may, at its option, elect to purchase
only the assets related to the operation of franchised BURGER KING Restaurants and an equitable
purchase price shall be allocated to each asset included in the proposed sale. A bona fide offer from a
third party includes any transfer, conveyance, assignment, consolidation, merger or any other transaction
in which legal or beneficial ownership of Franchised Restaurant or the franchise granted by this Agreement
is vested in a party other than Franchisee.
B.
The election by BKC not to exercise its right of first refusal as to any offer shall not
affect its right of first refusal as to any subsequent offer.
C.
Any sale, attempted sale, assignment or other transfer of the interests described
in Section 16.A. without first giving BKC the right of first refusal described above shall be void and of no
force and effect.
17.

OPTION TO OBTAIN SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Franchisee shall have, exercisable on the Expiration Date of the Term of this Agreement,
an option to obtain a Successor BURGER KING Franchise Agreement (“Successor Franchise Agreement”)
for a term of twenty (20) years, provided that:

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#_______
22

