(1)
Repair and Maintenance. FRANCHISEE shall, at its expense, continuously
throughout the Term of this Agreement, maintain the Franchised Restaurant and all Common Areas
located on the Premises in good condition and repair in accordance with BKC's then current repair
and maintenance standards.
(2)
Current Image. Franchisee shall improve, alter and remodel the Franchised
Restaurant to bring it into conformance with the national and local plans, specifications and/or other
standards for new or remodeled non-traditional BURGER KING Restaurants as may hereafter be
reasonable changed and defined from time to time by BKC ("Current Image") in accordance with
the following timetable:
(i)
If the Term of this Agreement is for a period of ten (10) to twenty (20)
years, during the tenth year of the Term, FRANCHISEE shall remodel, improve and alter
the exterior of the Franchised Restaurant to conform with the Current Image in effect on
the ninth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.
(ii)
BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall meet annually to discuss
and establish the components of Current Image for the Franchised Restaurant. The
Current Image as established by BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council, from time to
time, shall be binding upon FRANCHISEE. If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council do
not agree on the Current Image, BKC and the Franchisee Association shall settle the
matter by arbitration by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the then current nonadministered arbitration rules of the Center for Public Resources. The arbitration shall be
governed by the United States Arbitration Act (U.S.A.A.), and judgment upon the decision
rendered by the arbitrator shall be binding on FRANCHISEE and BKC, and except as
provided in Section 10(a) of the U.S.A.A., shall not be appealable in any forum. The
decision may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration
shall be Miami, Florida.
Failure of FRANCHISEE to comply with the terms of this section 5.B shall be deemed a material
default of this Agreement.
C.

Signs

The BURGER KING marks will only be erected and displayed in the manner and at such
locations as are approved and authorized by BKC, in writing. FRANCHISEE agrees to maintain
and display signs reflecting the Current Image of Non-Traditional Restaurants and shall not place
additional signs or posters on the Premises without the prior written consent of BKC. All signs with
the BURGER KING marks utilized at the Premises must be obtained from sources approved by
BKC.
FRANCHISEE shall discontinue the use of and destroy such signs as are declared
obsolete by BKC within the reasonable time specified by BKC. Such signs are fundamental to the
BURGER KING System and FRANCHISEE hereby grants to BKC the right to enter the Franchised
Restaurant and the Premises to remove and destroy unapproved or obsolete signs in the event
that FRANCHISEE has failed to do so within thirty (30) days after the written request of BKC.
D.

Equipment

(1)
Only equipment approved by BKC which meets the criteria and performance
standards of the BURGER KING System may be used in the Franchised Restaurant. The
equipment shall be maintained in a condition that meets operational standards specified in the
MOD Manual and, as equipment becomes obsolete or inoperable, Franchisee will replace the
equipment with the types and kinds of equipment as are then approved for use in BURGER KING
Restaurants. If BKC determines that additional or replacement equipment is needed because of a
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2025)
BK #_________
4

