Program Agreement, the provisions of this Program Agreement are not intended in any way to supersede, qualify
or limit any of the repair, maintenance, or remodeling requirements of any Franchise Agreement. If this Program
Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, and Franchisee has not Completed the RTF2 Remodel of any
Remodel Restaurant as of the date of such expiration or termination, the deadline for the remodel of such Remodel
Restaurant shall revert to the earliest deadline applicable under the relevant Franchise Agreement for such
Remodel Restaurant, including the deadline for completion of a “Midterm Remodel” (as defined below), whether
such deadline is before or after such expiration or termination. Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent BKC from
declaring a default under a Franchise Agreement pursuant to Section 7(c) above and exercising all rights and
remedies in connection therewith. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to any Remodel
Restaurant that has not been remodeled as of the date of expiration or termination of this Program Agreement, if
at the time of such expiration or termination, the deadline to perform a “Midterm Remodel” at such Remodel
Restaurant has passed, BKC shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion to default and terminate the
Franchise Agreement for such Remodel Restaurant without providing the Franchisee any opportunity to cure. For
purposes of this Program Agreement, “Midterm Remodel” means the obligation usually set forth in Section 5(b)
of the Franchise Agreement to remodel, improve, and alter the exterior of a Burger King® restaurant during the
tenth year of the term of the relevant franchise agreement. This paragraph shall survive the expiration or
termination of this Program Agreement.
11.

Miscellaneous.
(a)
Assignment. This Program Agreement may not be, directly or indirectly, sold, conveyed,
assigned, transferred, leased, licensed or sub-licensed, charged, mortgaged, pledged, hypothecated,
encumbered or otherwise disposed of (“Transferred”) by Franchisee, in whole or in part, whether directly
or indirectly by operation of law, without the prior written consent of BKC, which consent may be withheld
by BKC at its sole discretion. This Program Agreement and all the rights and obligations hereunder of BKC
may be Transferred by BKC and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of BKC.
(b)
No Waiver. The failure of BKC to exercise any right or option given to it under this Program
Agreement, or to insist upon strict compliance by Franchisee with the terms and conditions of this Program
Agreement, shall not constitute a waiver of any terms or conditions of this Program Agreement with respect
to any other or subsequent breach, nor a waiver by BKC of its right at any time thereafter to require exact
and strict compliance with the terms and conditions of this Program Agreement.
(c)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; No Jury Trial. This Program Agreement shall become valid when
executed and accepted by BKC. The parties agree that it shall be deemed made and entered into in the
State of Florida and shall be governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State
of Florida. Franchisee and BKC acknowledge and agree that the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial Circuit (or its successor) in and for Dade
County, Florida, shall be the venue and exclusive proper forum in which to adjudicate any case or
controversy arising, either directly or indirectly, under or in connection with this Program Agreement and
the parties further agree that, in the event of litigation arising out of or in connection with this Program
Agreement in these courts, they will not contest or challenge the jurisdiction or venue of these courts. BKC
AND FRANCHISEE EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER AT LAW OR
IN EQUITY, BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM AGAINST THE OTHER, ARISING OUT OF THIS
PROGRAM AGREEMENT, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THERE ARE OTHER PARTIES
IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
(d)
Severability. In the event any portion of this Program Agreement shall be held to be invalid, the
same shall not affect in any respect whatsoever the validity of the remainder of this Program Agreement.
(e)
Joint and Several. If Franchisee consists of more than one (1) person, each such person’s liability
and obligation under this Program Agreement shall be joint and several.

Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement
Exhibit X1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)

9

