Plymouth County Retirement Association, Scott Hamparian, Emad Tadros and Zeiad Tadros V.
Restaurant Brands International Inc., Matthew Perelman and Alexander Sloane, (C.A. No 2024 – 1030),
Court of Chancery of State of Delaware, filed on October 7, 2024.
Purported former shareholders of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (“CRG”) filed a complaint in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against RBI and two individual directors that were on the board
of CRG. The complaint alleges claims for breach of fiduciary duty by RBI, as a purported controlling
shareholder of CRG engaging in unfair dealing leading to an unfair transaction, and unjust enrichment by
RBI in connection with the acquisition of CRG, as well as claims for breaches of fiduciary duty by the two
individual directors. The complaint alleges that RBI coerced CRG into the transaction, and that the two
directors failed to disclose that their interests differed from the interests of other CRG shareholders, and
that the two directors were not independent from RBI. The complaint seeks equitable relief, damages and
fees and expenses. RBI filed a motion to dismiss in December 2024 and the Plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint in February 2025. RBI filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March 14, 2025 and
the Plaintiffs filed their opposition on May 2, 2025. On July 22, 2025, the Court denied RBI’s motion to
dismiss. RBI filed its answer and affirmative defenses on October 10, 2025. The Court has entered a
Scheduling Order establishing various pretrial deadlines and setting the matter for trial beginning on
February 1, 2027. We are not a party to this litigation.
Daniel Pemberton v. Restaurant Brands International, Inc. & Restaurant Brands International US
Services LLC, (No. 4:25-cv-03647-JCS), U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, filed
on May 2, 2025.
On May 2, 2025, a class-action claim in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California was served against RBI and its U.S. subsidiary, Restaurant Brands International US Services
LLC. The complaint alleges that www.bk.com secretly allowed third-party advertising and analytics firms
(Google, Meta/Facebook, Microsoft Clarity, Snap, The Trade Desk, AdTheorent and others) to place
tracking cookies on visitors to the website, even after users opted out through the website’s cookie-consent
banner. The complaint claims this undisclosed tracking violated various California privacy statutes,
including the California Invasion of Privacy Act’s (CIPA) wiretap and pen-register provisions, as well as
common law protections against intrusion, trespass to chattels, fraud, unjust enrichment and invasion of
privacy. The complaint seeks statutory, compensatory, and punitive damages as well as injunctive relief.
On June 10, 2025, RBI filed a motion to compel arbitration and a motion to dismiss. On September 5, 2025,
the Court denied RBI’s motion to compel arbitration and request for limited discovery. On November 24,
2025, the Court partially granted RBI’s motion to dismiss. The Court dismissed both of the Plaintiff’s CIPA
claims as time-barred and the Plaintiff’s trespass to chattels claim for failure to allege any impairment to
Plaintiff’s device. The Court granted Plaintiff leave to amend the complaint, and an amended complaint is
due by January 29, 2026. The Court allowed Plaintiff’s remaining claims to proceed at the pleading stage.
A case management conference is set for January 28, 2026. We are not a party to this litigation.
ADP Direct Poultry Ltd. v. Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., Restaurant Brands International Inc.,
Restaurant Services Canada Inc., Amjad Farooq Inc., et al, (Court File No. CV-25-00741914-0000),
Ontario Superior Court of Justice, filed on May 29, 2025, amended June 23, 2025.
On May 29, 2025, PLK and RBI were served with a Statement of Claim (amended on June 23,
2025) by ADP Direct Poultry Ltd., a former supplier of chicken to the Popeyes Canada franchise system.
ADP’s comprehensive commercial claim alleges breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and
honest performance in contractual relations, misrepresentations, conspiracy, negligence, loss of
opportunity, promissory estoppel, estoppel by convention, breach of the Competition Act and defamation.
ADP contends that Amjad Farooq Inc., an unauthorized supplier, sold uninspected and unsafe chicken to
Ontario-based Popeyes restaurants with the knowledge of the Defendants and that the Defendants knew
Item 3
03/2025 as amended 01/2026

Page 13

