AMENDMENT TO
TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Target Reservation Agreement,
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and
sold in the State of California:
1.
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000
through 20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination or non-renewal
of the Target Reservation Agreement and certain provisions of the Target Reservation Agreement
relating to termination and non-renewal may be superseded by the Act. There may also be court
decisions which may supersede the Target Reservation Agreement and Developer’s relationship
with BKC, including the areas of termination and renewal of Developer’s franchise. If the Target
Reservation Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the California law will control.
2.
The Target Reservation Agreement requires application of the laws of Florida. This
provision may not be enforceable under California law.
3.
The Target Reservation Agreement requires Developer to execute a general release of
claims. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any
provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder is void. Section 31512 voids a waiver of
Developer’s rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section
20010 voids a waiver of Developer’s rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and
Professions Code Sections 20000 - 20043)). To the extent required by such laws, Section 11.6
shall be deleted and replaced with the following: “[Intentionally omitted].”
4.
The Target Reservation Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This
provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.).
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law,
Cal. Corporations Code Sections 31000 et seq. are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.

State of California Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2025)

