“Control” or “Controlled” means the direct or indirect ownership, whether by ownership of securities,
contract, proxy or otherwise, of shareholding or contractual rights of a Person that assures (i) the majority
of the votes in the resolutions of such Person, or (ii) the power to appoint the majority of the managers or
directors of such Person, or (iii) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of
such Person, and the related terms “Controlled by” “Controlling” or “under common Control with” shall be
read accordingly.
“Current Image” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.B.(2).
“Development Decision” has the meaning set forth in Section 20.A.
“Development Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 20.A.
“DMA’s” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(iv).
“Expiration Date” has the meaning set forth on the Key Contract Data page.
“Financial Policy” has the meaning set forth in Section 18.A.(29).
“Food Safety Incident” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.F.
“Franchise Entity Application” has the meaning set forth in the Introduction.
“Franchised Restaurant” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.
“Franchisee” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
“Franchisee Advisory Council” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.
“Franchisee Association” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.
“Gross Sales” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.C.
“Indirect Tax" or “Indirect Taxes” means sales and use tax, goods and services tax, value added tax, ad
valorem tax, excise tax, duty, levy or other governmental charges, and other obligations of the same or of
a similar nature to any of the foregoing (together with any penalties, interest, or other similar amounts
thereon) levied by a Tax Authority.
“Initial Franchise Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.
“Initial Training” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.A.
“Intercreditor Agreement Transfer Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 15.D.
“ISP” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(viii).
“Managing Owner” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.A.
“Media” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(i).
“Media Mix” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(ii).
“Media Spending Goal” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(ii).

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#_______
32

