(d)
If the Franchise Agreement for any Participating Restaurant expires during the Term of
this Agreement or BKC and Franchisee otherwise agree to enter into a successor Franchise Agreement for
such Participating Restaurant prior to the expiration of the term of such Franchise Agreement, Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that a condition to Franchisee obtaining a successor Franchise Agreement for
such Participating Restaurant shall be Franchisee continuing to participate in the Ad Fund FTF Program
during the successor term of such Participating Restaurant and continuing to pay the FTF Rate during the
FTF Rate Period. Franchisee agrees that BKC may refuse to successor the relevant Franchise Agreement
if Franchisee fails to comply with such condition.
(e)
If Franchisee breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement, Franchisee shall have
ten (10) days after written notice from BKC to cure such breach. Any uncured breach of Franchisee’s
obligations under this Agreement shall also constitute an event of default under the Franchise Agreements
for each Participating Restaurant (with no further opportunity to cure) and BKC may, at its option, terminate
the applicable Franchise Agreements upon written notice to Franchisee.
10.

Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA.

(a)
As used in this Agreement, “Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA” shall mean the earnings from
the relevant BURGER KING® restaurant before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization with respect
to such BURGER KING® restaurant, excluding any general and administrative expenses (including
without limitation general and administrative expenses related to above-restaurant personnel) allocated to
such BURGER KING® restaurant.
(b)
BKC shall determine whether the Renewal EBITDA Condition has been met by no later
than March 31, 2027, in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. BKC and Restaurant Services
Inc. (“RSI”) will collect monthly profit and loss Statements (the “P&Ls”) from all US BK Restaurants for
calendar year 2026 (including, without limitation, Company Restaurants). P&Ls and Restaurant 4-Wall
EBITDA shall be prepared accurately and calculated consistent with the RSI restaurant profitability “Profit
and Loss Definitions and Guidelines” dated May 1, 2019 attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated by
reference herein, with rental and leasing costs held consistent with a base year of 2021 (the “Base Year”)
and allowing for actual rent and leasing cost increases in an amount not to exceed 7.4% over the Base Year
for the calculation of Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA to be used to determine whether the Renewal EBITDA
Condition has been met.
(c)
Franchisee covenants and agrees to submit P&Ls for all BURGER KING® Restaurants
owned and operated by Franchisee, in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 10(b) above. If
any Owner, including Franchisee, fails to submit the P&Ls for any of the BURGER KING® Restaurants
owned by such Owner by January 31, 2027 (for purposes of the Renewal EBITDA Condition
determination), (i) BKC shall issue a written demand for compliance to such Owners and provide a thirty
(30) day cure period for such Owners to submit P&Ls for all of the BURGER KING® Restaurants owned
by such Owner, and (ii) if any such Owner fails to submit P&Ls for all of the BURGER KING® Restaurants
owned by such Owner by the end of such cure period, BKC and RSI will deem the Restaurant 4-Wall
EBITDA for all BURGER KING® Restaurants owned by such Owner (including any BURGER KING®
Restaurant for which such Owner did submit P&Ls) to be at the threshold Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA
amount required to meet the Renewal EBITDA Condition, in determining whether the Renewal EBITDA
Condition has been met.
(d)
BKC reserves the right to audit the P&Ls submitted by Owners, including Franchisee, for
purposes of calculating Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA under this Agreement. To the extent any such audit
by BKC discloses a material discrepancy in the restaurant profitability and costs reported by an Owner,
BKC may exclude such Owner’s P&Ls for purposes of calculating Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA and
determining whether the Renewal EBITDA Condition has been met.
4
BKC “Fuel the Flame” Co-Investment Agreement (2025)
Exhibit Y1 (3/2025)

