A.

FRANCHISEE has given BKC written notice ("Notice") of its intention to exercise
its Option to Obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement during the fourth (4th) year
prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement.

E.

FRANCHISEE shall execute the then current form of Successor Franchise
Agreement for Non-Traditional Restaurants, which may differ as to royalty and
advertising contributions, as well as other terms and conditions. FRANCHISEE
shall, upon execution of the Successor Franchise Agreement, pay to BKC the then
current initial franchise fee.

12.
Subsection (6) of Section 18.A of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following:
(6)
FRANCHISEE fails to maintain the Franchised Restaurant or the Premises in good
condition and repair, or fails to make all Improvements, alterations or remodelings as may be
determined by BKC to be reasonably necessary to reflect the Current Image as provided in Section
5.B as and when required.
13.
The following section is hereby added as the last subsection to Section 18.A of the Franchise
Agreement:
(29)
If applicable, FRANCHISEE ceases to operate any Co-Branded Business on the
Premises, other than with the consent of BKC, except as a result of circumstances beyond
FRANCHISEE'S reasonable control (such as lack of electrical power, weather conditions,
earthquakes, strikes and the like) and FRANCHISEE diligently undertakes to resume operations
after the reason for cessation has been abated.
14.
Subsection (3) of Section 18.B of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following:
(3)
If the parties do not enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement, FRANCHISEE
agrees to immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, make such removals or
changes in signs and the Premises as BKC shall request, so as to effectively distinguish the
Premises and the Franchised Restaurant from its former appearance and from any other BURGER
KING Restaurant. In the event FRANCHISEE fails to make the changes, FRANCHISEE consents
to BKC entering the Premises (which includes the Franchised Restaurant) to make non-structural
changes at FRANCHISEE'S expense. FRANCHISEE shall obtain, on behalf of itself and BKC, the
right to enter the Premises to effectuate the purposes of this subsection (3).
15.
Subsection J. of Section 21 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced by the following:
J.

Entire Agreement

This Agreement, including the Key Contract Data page to this Agreement, together
with this Addendum, and, if applicable, the Target Reservation Agreement, the Franchise
Application, the Capitalization Plan, the Corporate/Entity Franchise Application, and the Owner’s
Guaranty, and Contribution Agreement, submitted by FRANCHISEE to BKC upon which BKC is
relying in granting this franchise, constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all
prior agreements, negotiations, commitments, representations and undertakings of the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
By entering into this Addendum, you expressly consent to transact business with BKC electronically and
that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and all other applicable state and federal
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2025)
BK #_________
11

