AMENDMENT TO
MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises
offered and sold in the State of Maryland:
1.

The following statement is added to Section 11.5:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Multiple Target
Reservation Agreement, you may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims
arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
Any claim arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the
franchise.

2.

The following statement is added to Section 11.6:
The release by Developer shall not apply to any claims made under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

3.
Sections 1.4.6 and 11.7 of the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement are hereby
deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following language: “[Intentionally Deleted]”.
4.
The representations made in the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement are not
intended to nor should they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Maryland Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2025)

