15.3 Caption Headings and Construction of Agreement. The caption headings are used
in this Agreement only as a matter of convenience and for reference and do not define, limit or
describe the scope of this Agreement nor the intent of any provision. Should any provision of this
Agreement require judicial interpretation, the court interpreting or construing the same shall not
construe this Agreement against any party more strictly by reason of any rule of interpretation
which relates to preparation of a document, it being agreed that the agents of all Parties have
participated in the preparation of this Agreement and that legal counsel was consulted by each
party prior to its execution hereof. Additionally, (a) any reference in this Agreement to gender shall
include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include the plural and
vice versa; (b) the word “including” or any variation thereof means (unless the context of its usage
otherwise requires) “including, without limitation” and shall not be construed to limit any general
statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it; (c) the
term “or” is not exclusive; and (d) words such as “herein,” “hereinafter,” “hereof” and “hereunder”
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely to a subdivision in which such words appear
unless the context otherwise requires.
15.4 Entire Agreement; Modification. All Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto shall
be deemed part of this Agreement and incorporated herein, as if fully set forth herein. Any
reference in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule is to an Article, Section,
Exhibit or Schedule of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. This Agreement sets forth the
entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect to the transactions contemplated by
it and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter
of this Agreement. No representations, promises, inducement or statement of intention have been
made by CARROLS or BKC to BUYER which is not embodied in this Agreement. This Agreement
may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants,
representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument
executed by the Parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance.
15.5 Non-Waiver; Survival. No waiver or waivers by any party of any provision of this
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a further or continuing waiver
of that or any other provision of this Agreement. All covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement that by their terms are to be performed at or after the Closing, and any other provisions
of this Agreement which are specifically designated to survive the Closing or termination, shall
survive the Closing or termination until fully discharged or, if earlier, the latest date permitted by
applicable Law.
15.6 Assignment and Transfer. All the terms, covenants, representations, warranties
and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the successors and assigns of CARROLS and/or BKC, as applicable. This
Agreement and the rights and obligations under it shall not be assignable by the BUYER. Any
assignment in contravention of this provision shall be void.
15.7 Severability. If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect of any reason, the validity, legality and
enforceability of any provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement shall not be in any way impaired.
15.8 Counterparts. The Parties may sign this Agreement in multiple counterparts. Each
signed counterpart is considered an original document, but all signed counterparts – when taken
together – constitute one original document. A party may effectively deliver that party’s signed
counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or by e-mail of a PDF copy. This Agreement takes
Asset Purchase Agreement (Carrols Refranchise)
Exhibit F2 (01/2026)

11

