“Completing” shall be read accordingly, and (b) the term “Remodel Requirements” means the improvements,
alterations, remodeling, and/or rebuilding are performed in accordance with (i) the terms and conditions of this
Program Agreement, including Exhibit A attached hereto, (ii) all other requirements of the Program, (iii) the final
FIR (as defined below) issued to Franchisee, if BKC elects to issue such FIR pursuant to Section 2 below, and (iv)
all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations.
2.
Pre-Inspections. Prior to the commencement of any RTF2 Remodel of any Remodel Restaurant, BKC
at BKC’s sole option, may conduct an inspection of such Remodel Restaurant, and may issue a Facility Inspection
Report (“FIR”) to Franchisee. Franchisee hereby grants BKC and its representatives, including BKC’s Construction
Managers and Directors/Senior Directors of Construction and employees of The Steritech Group, Inc. or another
third-party inspection company designated by BKC, reasonable access during normal business hours to each
specified Remodel Restaurant for purposes of conducting inspections throughout the construction process. If BKC
elects to issue an FIR, Franchisee shall review the FIR for completeness and accuracy, and Franchisee hereby
acknowledges that such FIR shall be deemed to completely and accurately reflect the condition of the Remodel
Restaurant as of the date stated in such FIR, unless and to the extent Franchisee notifies BKC otherwise in writing
within ten (10) days of BKC’s issuance of such FIR. In the event Franchisee so notifies BKC and BKC determines,
in BKC’s sole and absolute discretion, that it would be appropriate to amend the FIR, BKC is entitled to amend the
FIR and submit such revised FIR to Franchisee within fifteen (15) days after the receipt of the notice from
Franchisee in accordance with this Section 2. Upon submission of the revised FIR to Franchisee, such revised
FIR shall become final and binding upon Franchisee. If BKC, in BKC’s sole and absolute discretion, does not send
Franchisee a revised FIR in such fifteen (15) day period, then the FIR previously provided to Franchisee shall
become final and binding upon Franchisee upon the expiration of such fifteen (15) day period. Franchisee shall
have the option, which must be exercised via written notice to BKC within ten (10) days following the date on which
an FIR for a Remodel Restaurant becomes final and binding upon Franchisee as set forth above, to elect to remove
such Remodel Restaurant from the Program, provided that Franchisee must in the same written notice elect to
replace such Remodel Restaurant with one of the Burger King® restaurants listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto
(the “Alternate Restaurants”), which Alternate Restaurant shall thereafter be deemed to be a Remodel Restaurant
for all purposes of this Program Agreement as if such Alternate Restaurant had been listed in Section 1 hereof
with all details outlined in Schedule 1. If (i) Franchisee does not timely provide the notice described in the preceding
sentence with respect to such Remodel Restaurant, (ii) there are no Alternate Restaurants listed on Schedule 1,
or (iii) Franchisee has previously elected to utilize all Alternate Restaurant(s) listed on Schedule 1 to replace other
Remodel Restaurants removed from the Program, then Franchisee shall have no right to remove such Remodel
Restaurant from the Program and shall be required to comply with this Program Agreement with respect to such
Remodel Restaurant. The failure of BKC to comply with any of the timelines set forth in this Section 2 shall not
excuse Franchisee from Completing the RTF2 Remodel of any Remodel Restaurant or from complying with any
Remodel Deadline.
3.
Scope of Work. Franchisee is solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in the RTF2
Remodel(s), and in otherwise participating in the Program. Except as specifically provided below, the scope of
work required to Complete an RTF2 Remodel includes all improvements, alterations, remodeling, and/or rebuilding
of the interior and exterior of a Remodel Restaurant to reflect the Burger King® ‘Sizzle Image’, as further described
in Exhibit A hereto, pursuant to plans and specifications submitted by Franchisee and approved by BKC. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the actual scope of work required to Complete the RTF2 Remodel by
Franchisee will vary depending on the condition of the Remodel Restaurant(s) prior to the Effective Date and at
the time of commencement of the RTF2 Remodel, and will in addition to the foregoing, include those items set
forth in the FIR issued to Franchisee, if BKC elects to issue such FIR pursuant to Section 2 above; provided,
however, that each RTF2 Remodel shall include at a minimum, but not be limited to, the parking lot, landscaping,
and interior and exterior building remodel requirements specified in Exhibit A attached hereto. For purposes of
this Program Agreement, including but not limited to, determining the scope of work required for a RTF2 Remodel
and the Completion thereof, with respect to each RTF2 Remodel Franchisee must complete (i) all work needed in
order to bring the Remodel Restaurant into compliance with the specifications set forth in this Program Agreement,
including Exhibit A attached hereto and (ii) if BKC elects to issue an FIR, all work described in the FIR. Franchisee
shall obtain all required operational and legal consents and approvals necessary to Complete the RTF2 Remodel
for each Remodel Restaurant in accordance with this Program Agreement and the requirements of the Program.

Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement
Exhibit X1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)

2

