FRANCHISEE shall offer for sale at the Franchised Restaurant coffee dispensed by coffee
equipment approved by BKC.
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that if the Premises includes a Co-Branded Business, at
BKC's request, the Co-Branded Business will not sell products that are competitive with BKC menu
items available on the date hereof or introduced by BKC after the date of the Franchise Agreement.
I.

Advertising and Promotional Materials

Only those advertising and promotional materials or items which are authorized by BKC in
writing before use shall be used, sold or distributed from the Franchised Restaurant, and no display
or use of the BURGER KING marks shall be made without the prior written approval of BKC. All
materials on which the BURGER KING marks are used must include the designation  or such
other designation as BKC may specify. FRANCHISEE must, immediately upon receipt of notice
from BKC, remove or discontinue the use, publication, display, sale and distribution of any
advertising or promotional material, slogans, and any material on which the BURGER KING Marks
appear, which BKC has not approved or has ceased to use.
No materials on which the BURGER KING marks are used shall be displayed in or around
the areas of the Premises outside the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written approval of
BKC.
J.

Right of Entry and Inspection

BKC shall have the unrestricted right to enter the Premises, including the Franchised
Restaurant and the Common Areas, to conduct such activities as it deems necessary to ascertain
FRANCHISEE'S compliance with this Agreement. The inspections may be conducted without prior
notice at any time when FRANCHISEE or one of its employees is at the Franchised Restaurant.
The inspections will be performed in a manner which minimizes interference with the operation of
the Franchised Restaurant.
FRANCHISEE and BKC acknowledge and agree that FRANCHISEE will operate the
Franchised Restaurant and may not have dominion and control over the other Co-Branded
Businesses. However, FRANCHISEE acknowledges that BKC shall require access to the
Premises in order to effectuate the terms of this Agreement. Accordingly, FRANCHISEE hereby
agrees that it will obtain the right, on behalf of itself and BKC, to enter the Franchised Restaurant,
the Common Areas and all other areas of the Premises from any and all Persons whose approval
is required for the purpose of effectuating the terms of this Agreement.
5.
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at an Institutional Location, Subsection 9.B of the Franchise
Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
B.

Advertising, Sales Promotion and Public Relations

FRANCHISEE shall pay to BKC or its designee an advertising contribution in
amount to be determined by BKC in its sole discretion, not to exceed an amount equal to
three percent (3.0%) percent of FRANCHISEE's monthly Gross Sales, payable by the tenth
(10th) day of each month based upon FRANCHISEE's Gross Sales for the preceding
month (the "National Advertising Contribution"). This sum, less direct administrative
expenses, will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related to the
development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and sales promotions, (b)
creative, production and other costs incurred in connection with the development of
advertising, sales promotions and public relations both in the market area of the
Franchised Restaurant, as reasonably defined from time to time by BKC, and on a national
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2025)
BK #_________
7

