3.
MANNER AND APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Each payment under this Note shall be
applied first against accrued but unpaid interest and the remainder, if any, against the principal amount
outstanding. Payments of interest and of principal shall be payable in lawful money of the United States
of America and immediately available funds at 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126 (or such
other place as BKC may designate). If a payment hereunder is stated to be due on a day other than a
Business Day (as hereinafter defined), then said installment shall be due on the next following Business
Day. "Business Day" shall mean a day on which BKC is open for business in Miami, Florida.
4.
PREPAYMENT. The principal of this Note may be prepaid in full at any time without
penalty or charge. Any partial prepayment shall be applied to the principal installments last becoming
due. Partial prepayments of amounts due under this Note shall not affect in any way Borrower’s
obligation to pay the entire amount of any Monthly Payment Amounts hereunder until this Note is paid in
full.
5.
DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION. This Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the occurrence at any time of any of the following events of
default (individually, an "Event of Default" and collectively, "Events of Default"):
(a)

Default in the payment when due of any principal or interest under this Note;

(b)
The occurrence of any act of default under any of the Crown Your Career
Agreements for the Restaurants, or any other agreement between Borrower (or any affiliate thereof) and
BKC;
(c)

Failure of Borrower to maintain any ACH Agreement for the payments due

hereunder;
(d)
The liquidation, termination of existence, dissolution, insolvency or business
failure of Borrower, or the appointment of a receiver or custodian for Borrower or any part of its property,
which appointment is not terminated within sixty (60) days; or
(e)
The institution by or against Borrower or any endorser or guarantor of this Note
of any proceedings under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state bankruptcy,
reorganization, receivership, insolvency or other similar law affecting the rights of creditors generally,
which proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, or the making by Borrower or any endorser or
guarantor of this Note of a composition or any assignment for the benefit of creditors.
6.
USURY NEGATION. Nothing herein shall be construed or operate so as to require
Borrower to pay interest hereunder in an amount or at a rate greater than the maximum allowed by
applicable law. Should any interest or other charges paid hereunder result in the computation or earning
of interest in excess of the maximum rate or amount of interest which is permitted under applicable law,
then any and all such excess interest shall be (and the same hereby is) waived by BKC, and the amount
of such excess shall be automatically credited against, and be deemed to have been payments in
reduction of, the principal then due hereunder, and any portion of such excess which exceeds the
principal then due hereunder shall be repaid by BKC to Borrower.
7.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. No right or remedy herein conferred upon
BKC is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy contained herein or in the Crown Your
Career Agreements or in any instrument or document delivered in connection with or pursuant to this
Note, and every such right or remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other such right
or remedy contained herein and therein or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute, or
otherwise.
8.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES NOT WAIVED. No course of dealing between Borrower and
BKC or any failure or delay on the part of any holder of this Note in exercising any rights or remedies
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of such holder and no single or partial
Crown Your Career Promissory Note
Exhibit Z3 (03/2025)
BK#________

2

