(9)
Franchisee abandons the franchise relationship without the prior consent
of BKC at any time during the Term of this Agreement. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to
cure the default. The cessation of operation of the Franchised Restaurant on the Premises other than with
the consent of BKC, whether the Premises remain vacant or are converted to another use, shall be
considered abandonment of the franchise relationship provided, however, that the Franchised Restaurant
shall not be deemed abandoned if the cessation is due to circumstances beyond Franchisee’s reasonable
control (such as lack of electrical power, weather conditions, earthquakes, strikes and the like) and
Franchisee diligently undertakes to resume operations after the reason for such cessation has been abated.
(10)
Franchisee ceases to occupy the Premises. Franchisee shall have five
(5) days after notice to cure the default. If the loss of possession is the result of governmental exercise of
eminent domain, Franchisee may, with BKC's consent and subject to availability, relocate to other premises
in the same market area for the balance of the Term of this Agreement.
(11)
Franchisee files a petition or application seeking any type of relief under
the Bankruptcy Code or any state insolvency or similar law, or someone files a petition or application
seeking to have Franchisee adjudicated a bankrupt, or seeking other relief against Franchisee under the
Bankruptcy Code or any state insolvency or similar law and the petitioner application is not dismissed within
ninety (90) days after it is filed. Subject to the applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate without notice
or cure period upon the occurrence of this act of default as if that date were the Expiration Date and
Franchisee expressly and knowingly waives any rights that it may have under the provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code and consents to the termination of this Agreement or any other relief which may be sought
in a Complaint filed by BKC to lift the provisions of the automatic stay of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally,
Franchisee agrees not to seek an Injunctive Order from any court in any jurisdiction relating to insolvency,
reorganization or arrangement proceedings which would have the effect of staying or enjoining this
provision.
(12)
Franchisee admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature or
makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a receiver (permanent or temporary) for any part of its
property is appointed by a court of competent authority. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have
the right to immediately terminate this Agreement without notice or cure period.
(13)
A final judgment against Franchisee (including a final judgment in favor of
BKC or any Affiliate of BKC) remains unsatisfied of record for thirty (30) days (unless a supersedeas or
other appeal bond has been filed), or if a levy of execution is made upon the franchise granted by this
Agreement or upon any property used in the Franchised Restaurant, and said levy it is not discharged
within five (5) days of said levying.
(14)
Conviction of either Franchisee or the Managing Owner in a court of
competent jurisdiction of (i) an indictable offense punishable by a term of imprisonment in excess of one
(1) year, (ii) any offense, regardless of how punishable, for which a material element is fraud, dishonesty
or moral turpitude, or (iii) any other crime or offense arising from or related to the operation of the Franchised
Restaurant, other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants, the BURGER KING Restaurant business of the
Franchisee or any other business of the Franchisee or Managing Owner that BKC believes is reasonably
likely to have an adverse effect on the BURGER KING System, the BURGER KING Marks, or the good will
associated therewith in the geographical area where the Franchised Restaurant is located. If this act of
default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective
upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.
(15)
Franchisee or any Owner uses or duplicates the BURGER KING System
or engages in unfair competition in violation of Section 12 of this Agreement or discloses any trade secrets
of BKC in violation of Section 11.A(1) of this Agreement. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee but with
no opportunity to cure.
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#_______
25

