(1)

Repair and Maintenance.

Franchisee shall, at its expense, continuously throughout the Term of this
Agreement maintain the Franchised Restaurant in good condition and repair in accordance with BKC's then
current repair and maintenance standards.
(2)

Current Image.

Franchisee shall, improve, alter and remodel the Franchised Restaurant
to bring it into conformance with the national and local plans, specifications and/or other standards for new
or remodeled BURGER KING Restaurants as may hereafter be reasonably changed and defined from time
to time by BKC (“Current Image”) in accordance with the following timetable:
(i)
During the tenth year of the Term, Franchisee shall remodel,
improve and alter the exterior of the Franchised Restaurant to conform with the Current Image in effect on
the ninth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.
(ii)
BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall meet annually to
discuss and establish the components of Current Image for the Franchised Restaurant. The Current Image
as established by BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council, from time to time, shall be binding upon
Franchisee. If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council do not agree on the Current Image, BKC and the
Franchisee Association shall settle the matter by arbitration by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the then
current non-administered arbitration rules of the Center for Public Resources. The arbitration shall be
governed by the United States Arbitration Act (U.S.A.A.), and judgment upon the decision rendered by the
arbitrator shall be binding on Franchisee and BKC and except as provided in Section 10(a) of the U.S.A.A.,
shall not be appealable in any forum. The decision may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The place of arbitration shall be Miami, Florida.
Failure of Franchisee to comply with the terms of this Section 5.B shall be deemed a default of this
Agreement.
C.

Signs

The BURGER KING Marks will only be erected and displayed in the manner and
at such locations as are approved and authorized by BKC, in writing. Franchisee agrees to maintain and
display signs reflecting the Current Image of BURGER KING Restaurants and shall not place additional
signs or posters at the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written consent of BKC. Only signs from
sources approved by BKC may be utilized at the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee shall discontinue the
use of and destroy such signs as are declared obsolete by BKC within the reasonable time specified by
BKC. Such signs are fundamental to the BURGER KING System and Franchisee hereby grants to BKC
the right to enter the Franchised Restaurant to remove and destroy unapproved or obsolete signs in the
event that Franchisee has failed to do so within thirty (30) days after the written request of BKC.
D.

Equipment

(1)
Only equipment approved by BKC which meets the criteria and
performance standards of the BURGER KING System may be used in the Franchised Restaurant. The
equipment shall be maintained in a condition that meets operational standards specified in the MOD Manual
and, as equipment becomes obsolete or inoperable, Franchisee will replace the equipment with the types
and kinds of equipment as are then approved for use in BURGER KING Restaurants. If BKC determines
that additional or replacement equipment is needed because of a change in menu items or method of
preparation and service or because of health or safety considerations, Franchisee will install the additional
equipment or replacement equipment within the reasonable time specified by BKC. Prior to mandating the
Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
4

