AMENDMENT TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ENTITY)
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND
Burger King Restaurant #
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of Maryland:
1.

Sections 15 and 17 of the Franchise Agreement are revised to provide that:
Pursuant to COMAR02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a
condition to renewal, sale or consent to assignment/transfer shall not apply
to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law.

2.
Section 18 is revised to provide that termination upon bankruptcy might not be enforceable
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Act, but BKC intends to enforce it to the extent enforceable.
3.

The following statement is added to the end of Section 21:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise
Agreement, you may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claim
arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law
must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

4.
Section C of the Introduction of the Franchise Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following language:
C.
Franchisee desires to acquire a franchise to operate a BURGER
KING Restaurant at the Premises for the entire Term specified in this
Agreement.
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
The representations made in the Franchise Agreement are not intended to nor should they
act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law.
7.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Maryland Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2025)

