ADDENDUM TO BURGER KING COMPANY LLC
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the BURGER KING
COMPANY LLC Franchise Disclosure Document (“FDD”) is amended as follows:
1.

Item 17 is amended to include the following:
Illinois law, 815 Illinois Compiled Statutes 705/19 and 705/20, may affect the
conditions under which your franchise can be terminated and your rights upon
non-renewal.
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “Any condition,
stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to
waive compliance with any provision of this Act is void.”
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “Any provision in a
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of
this State is void, provided that a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration
in a forum outside of this State.”
Therefore, Items 17, (v) and (w), of the FDD are amended to include the following:
Any provision in a Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement that
designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of Illinois may be
unenforceable as to any cause of action which otherwise is enforceable in the
courts of the State of Illinois.

2.

Item 17 (w) is amended as follows: “Illinois law governs.”

3.

Notwithstanding anything set forth in Item 17 to the contrary, the conditions under which your
franchise can be terminated and your rights upon non-renewal may be affected by Illinois law:
815 ILCS 705/19 and 705/20.

4.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

Each provision of this Addendum is effective only to the extent that with respect to such provision, the
jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Act are met independently without reference to this
Addendum.

State of Illinois Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2025)

