(e)
If within ten (10) days of BKC’s determination that the Renewal EBITDA Condition has
been met the board of directors of RSI votes in favor of conducting an audit of such determination, RSI
shall retain a third party auditor to conduct an audit of such determination in accordance with this
Agreement and the procedures set forth herein. Such third party audit shall include the right to review the
P&Ls submitted by Owners and audit the information and procedures used by BKC to make its
determination, provided however, that such third party auditor shall be required in writing to maintain the
confidentiality of the P&Ls submitted by Owners. Such third party audit must be completed within thirty
(30) days of BKC’s determination that the Renewal EBITDA Condition has been met. With respect to an
audit of BKC’s determination that the Renewal EBITDA Condition has been met, if the third party audit
report concludes that the Renewal EBITDA Condition has not been met, BKC shall have thirty (30) days
from receipt of such audit report to conduct the Renewal Survey notwithstanding any earlier deadline to
conduct the Renewal Survey set forth in Section 7(b).
(f)
Although the FTF Rate Period and Renewal Period commence on January 1, 2025, and
January 1, 2027, respectively, BKC shall not commence invoicing Franchisee for the Incremental Rate
portion of the monthly Advertising Contributions until: (i) with respect to the FTF Rate Period, the month
immediately following the determination that the Base EBITDA Condition has been met in accordance
with this Section 10; or (ii) with respect to the Renewal Period, the month immediately following (A) the
determination that the Renewal EBITDA Condition has been met in accordance with this Section 10, or (B)
the approval of the Renewal Survey in accordance with Section 7(b), as the case may be. At the time BKC
so commences invoicing Franchisee for the Incremental Rate portion of the monthly Advertising
Contribution, BKC shall additionally invoice Franchisee for the Incremental Rate portion of the monthly
Advertising Contribution due retroactive to January 1, 2025 or January 1, 2027, as the case may be (“CatchUp Contributions”), and the Catch-Up Contributions shall be due and payable from Franchisee to BKC
within ninety (90) days of such invoice. For the avoidance of doubt, if Franchisee is executing this
Agreement concurrently with the execution of the Franchise Agreement for a New Restaurant or an
Acquired Restaurant, as the case may be, BKC shall commence invoicing Franchisee for Advertising
Contribution in the amount of the FTF Rate, from and after the period commencing on the Effective Date
until the end of the FTF Rate Period, and Franchisee’s obligation to pay such amount hereunder shall
commence on the Effective Date.
11.
Collections Costs. Should Franchisee fail to pay Advertising Contributions in the amount of the
FTF Rate with respect to each Participating Restaurant during the FTF Rate Period, Franchisee shall, on
demand by BKC, pay in addition to such Advertising Contributions in the amount of the FTF Rate, all costs
and expenses, including interest and reasonable attorneys’ fees, paid or incurred by BKC in enforcing this
Agreement.
12.
Representations, Warranties & Indemnities. Franchisee represents and warrants to BKC that
(i) the person executing this Agreement on behalf of Franchisee is authorized to enter into and fully perform
this Agreement; and (ii) Franchisee will fulfill Franchisee’s obligations hereunder in accordance with all
applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations. Franchisee agrees to, at all times, defend, indemnify
and hold BKC, its parent corporation, affiliates, subsidiaries and the officers, directors, agents and
employees of each harmless from and against any and all claims, demands and causes of action, liability,
judgments, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or based on
any failure by Franchisee to perform any of the agreements, terms, covenants, conditions, representations
or warranties of this Agreement to be performed by Franchisee.
13.
Acknowledgements. Franchisee acknowledges that its obligations contained herein are in addition
to its obligations under Franchisee’s Franchise Agreements and any other agreements between Franchisee
and BKC. Nothing herein constitutes a waiver or limitation of any rights of BKC under the Franchise
Agreements or otherwise. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any
Franchise Agreement for a Participating Restaurant, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.
5
BKC “Fuel the Flame” Co-Investment Agreement (2025)
Exhibit Y1 (3/2025)

