(1)

There has or will come to be located on or about the Premises any Hazardous
Substance, the production, transportation, storage, use or handling of which
requires a permit or license from any federal, state or local governmental agency.

(2)

Any release, discharge or emission of any Hazardous Substance has occurred on
or about the Premises, including the migration of any Hazardous Substance to or
from adjoining or nearby properties.

(3)

Any (i) enforcement, cleanup, removal, remediation, testing, monitoring or other
governmental or regulatory action has been threatened or commenced against
Lessee with respect to the Premises pursuant to any Hazardous Substances Laws;
or (ii) any claim has been made or threatened by any person or entity against
Lessee or the Premises on account of any alleged loss or injury claimed to result
from the alleged presence or release on or from the Premises of any Hazardous
Substance; or (iii) any report, notice, or complaint has been made to or filed with
any governmental agency concerning the presence, migration, use or disposal of
any Hazardous Substances on or from the Premises. Any such notice shall be
accompanied by copies of any such claim, report, complaint, notice, warning or
other communication that is in the possession of or is reasonably available to the
Lessee.

(b)

Any notice required under this Section 16.2 shall be accompanied by (i) a copy of all
permits, licenses, proofs of disclosure to governmental agencies. pertaining to Hazardous
Substances that have not previously been furnished to Lessor and; (ii) copies of any
Material Safety Data Sheets pertaining to such substances that are required by applicable
law to be kept at the Premises.

(c)

The notice provisions of this Article XVI shall not apply to materials that are lawfully
discharged from the Premises or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of
Lessee’s business.

§16.3 REMOVAL AND DISPOSAL. Except for materials that are lawfully discharged from the Premises
or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of Lessee’s business, Lessee shall cause any
Hazardous Substances to be removed from the Premises solely by duly licensed Hazardous Substances
transporters to duly licensed facilities for final disposal to the extent required by and in accordance with
applicable Hazardous Substances Laws, and shall deliver to Lessor copies of any hazardous waste
manifest reflecting the lawful transport and disposal of such substances.
§16.4 ENVIRONMENTAL AUDITS BY LESSOR.
(a)

Rights of Lessor. Lessor may, but shall not be required to, engage such independent
contractors as Lessor determines to be appropriate to perform from time to time any audit,
including environmental sampling and testing, of (i) the Premises, the surrounding soil and
any adjacent areas, and any groundwater located under or adjacent to the Premises and/or
any adjoining property, (ii) Lessee’s compliance with all Hazardous Substances Laws and
the provisions of this Lease, and (iii) the provisions made by Lessee for carrying out any
remedial action that may be required by this Lease (collectively an “Environmental Audit”).
All costs and expenses incurred by Lessor in connection with any such Environmental Audit
shall be paid by Lessor, except that if any such Environmental Audit shows that Lessee
has failed to comply with the provisions of this Article XVI, then such costs and expenses
shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor as Additional Charges pursuant to Section 3.4 of this
Lease.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
26

