PROVISION
f. Termination by us
with cause

g. “Cause” defined -curable defaults

Item 17
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

SECTION IN
FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT
Sec. 1, 18

SUMMARY
We may terminate only if you default or upon 30
days’ prior written notice if you continue
operating the Restaurant after the Franchise
Agreement expires.

Crown Your Career
Franchise Agreement
Addendum – Sec. 6

A default under any BURGER KING® franchise
agreement constitutes a default under the Crown
Your Career program agreements.

Carrols Refranchise
Franchise Agreement
Addendum – Sec. 6

A default under any lease, or any other
agreement related to the Restaurant (including
the Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program
Agreement (“Remodel Agreement”) and APA)
or any other agreement between BKC and you
(or your affiliate), relating to the other BURGER
KING Restaurants acquired in the refranchising
transaction) constitutes a default under the
Franchise Agreement.
5 days to cure: operational, quality, health and
sanitation standards defaults; sale of unapproved
products; abandonment of franchise relationship;
cease to occupy Restaurant premises or
abandonment; and obtaining and maintaining
required insurance.
10 days to cure: non-payment of royalty,
advertising fees.
30 days to cure: failure to submit reports timely;
use of unapproved equipment, uniforms or decor;
failure to maintain Restaurant in good condition
and repair or failure to make required remodels;
deleterious or unacceptable behavior; unsatisfied
judgment; abandonment; failure to restore
building after damage or destruction; failure to
operate Restaurant in accordance with all laws
and regulations; failure to comply with Operating
Partner, Managing Owner and/or Managing
Director requirements.
60 days to cure: failure to pay bills; failure to
comply with any other provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, lease, or other agreement
related to the Restaurant.
180 days to cure: failure to meet minimum
financial criteria set forth in our then current
BURGER KING® financial policy.

Sec. 18

Page 74

