Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Partners, Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, and Board of Directors, Restaurant Brands International Inc., the
sole general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership and subsidiaries’ (the Partnership) internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Partnership as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 21, 2025 expressed an
unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
The Partnership acquired Carrols Restaurant Group Inc. during 2024, and management excluded from its assessment of the
effectiveness of the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, Carrols Restaurant Group Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of $1,988 million and total revenues of $1,171 million included in
the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting of the Partnership also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Carrols
Restaurant Group Inc..
Basis for Opinion
The Partnership’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
(signed) KPMG LLP
Miami, Florida
February 21, 2025

60

