9.
Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related
agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than
a fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).
10.
Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to
seek treble damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the
franchise agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or similar
damages are void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement
is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with
RCW 19.100.220(2).
11.
Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related
agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable
business judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the
parties to deal with each other in good faith.
12.
Indemnification. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements
requiring the franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or other
parties is hereby modified such that the franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse,
defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses or liabilities to
the extent that they are caused by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict
liability, or fraud.
13.
Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a franchisee
to reimburse the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such provision
applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration proceeding.
14.
Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is
void and unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the
employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000
per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition
covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under
RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted
annually for inflation). As a result, any provision contained in the Franchise Agreement or
elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and unenforceable in Washington.
15.
Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting,
restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of
the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such
provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in
Washington.
16.
Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

State of Washington Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)

