ITEM 10
FINANCING
Except as disclosed below, we do not offer any direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee
your notes, leases, or obligations to third parties.
Real Estate Leases.
If we own or lease the land or the land and building of your Restaurant, we may lease or sublease
the location to you. The lease amounts are described in detail in Item 6 of this disclosure document. The
lease does not cover equipment, inventory, supplies, or the initial franchise fee.
Crown Your Career Program.
If you are purchasing one or more BURGER KING Restaurant(s) under the Crown Your Career
Program, and we have agreed to finance all or a portion of the purchase price, the amount we may finance
will depend on the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) being purchased and other factors, such as your
creditworthiness, but will not be more than any private financing you obtain for the purchase.
You will pay monthly payments of principal and interest accruing on the loan. Loan terms are
typically 10 years or less (depending upon the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) and your qualifications).
Interest rates will be fixed or variable, set at the time the loan is funded based on factors including length
of term, loan amount, changes in rates, current market rates, your credit and operating history, whether you
are leasing real estate from us or our affiliate, and other relevant factors. These factors will also be
considered in setting your monthly loan payment amount. As of the issuance date of this disclosure
document, we intend to charge interest at the then-current U.S. Prime Rate published by the Wall Street
Journal plus approximately 1% to 4% per annum. However, we may change this rate at any time. Overdue
amounts will bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum above the interest rate set out in the Promissory Note
(Promissory Note – Section 9). You may prepay the loan without prepayment penalty.
The loan will be secured by all assets of your BURGER KING Restaurant(s) (Security Agreement
– Section 2). We may also require that you and your spouse or partner personally guaranty your obligations
under the Promissory Note to us (Guaranty attached as Exhibit D3 to this disclosure document). Under the
Guaranty, the guarantors are jointly and severally liable, and waive all defenses. The guarantors waive all
notices to which they may be entitled as well as notice of protest and various other notices.
If you make any sale or transfer of any interest in you (if you are an entity), the BURGER KING
Restaurant(s), or the Franchise Agreement, the outstanding balance and accrued interest due under the
Promissory Note is immediately due to us (Promissory Note – Section 21). We can assign the loan and our
interest in any collateral.
You will be in default under your loan if you fail to make payments in a timely manner or fail to
maintain any ACH or automatic repayment methods we require; any default occurs under your Franchise
Agreement, Security Agreement or Promissory Note, Fuel the Flame Co-Investment Agreement, or real
estate lease or sublease with us or our affiliate, or under any other agreement between you (or your affiliate)
and us; if you or your guarantor becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy, makes an assignment for
the benefit of creditors or admits inability to pay debts as they become due; if you sell or divest, or any
material damage, loss, or theft occurs related to, any portion of the collateral securing the loan (beyond the
sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business) or any lien in the collateral ceases to be perfected; if
any event or change in your financial condition occurs which results in or could reasonably be expected to

Item 10
03/2025

Page 52

