Franchisee shall designate a new Managing Owner approved by BKC pursuant to BKC’s
then current criteria for approving Managing Owners within thirty (30) days of such
vacancy.
3.

STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION. Section 5.K of the Franchise Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
K.

Management of Franchised Restaurant

Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Managing Owner must be approved
by BKC prior to appointment as the Managing Owner, must have successfully completed the Initial
Training and must successfully complete the Continuing Operations Training as required by BKC
from time to time pursuant to Section 8.A. The Managing Owner shall (1) devote full time and best
efforts to the direct supervision of the day to day operations of the Franchised Restaurant and any
other BURGER KING Restaurants owned by Franchisee as to which such individual is the
Managing Owner, and (2) live in the “vicinity” of the Franchised Restaurant, as the term “vicinity” is
defined for Managing Owners by BKC from time to time, in its reasonable discretion. In addition,
until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the commencement date of the first BURGER KING franchise
agreement entered into between Franchisee and BKC [** If financing offered: or until the
Promissory Note is paid in full, whichever is later**], Managing Owner shall not (A) engage in or
own any interest in any other business activity, (B) be employed by any other business, or (C)
engage in any activity which may impair Franchisee’s ability to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement. The covenant contained in subsection (A) of the foregoing sentence shall not apply to
the ownership of less than a five percent (5%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities
of any corporation whose stock is publicly traded. Thereafter, Managing Owner shall not, during
the remainder of the Term, have any operational or management commitments or responsibilities
in any other restaurant business. If the Managing Owner is also the Managing Owner of other
BURGER KING Restaurants, then the Franchisee must, at all times during the Term, designate at
least one (1) individual who is responsible for the direct, on-premises supervision of the Franchised
Restaurant (the “Restaurant Manager”); otherwise, the Managing Owner shall be the Restaurant
Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, if Franchisee designates as the Restaurant Manager an
individual other than the Managing Owner as permitted under this Section 5.K, such designation
does not in any manner limit, waive, or modify any of the requirements for the Managing Owner set
forth in this Sections 5.K.
4.

LOCKUP PERIOD. The following subsection is hereby added to Section 15 of the Franchise
Agreement:
N.

Lockup Period

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the provisions of Section 15.F, during the first five (5) years of the Term, BKC
may withhold its consent to any proposed transfer of an interest referred to in Section 15.A
or 15.B for any reason or no reason whatsoever in its sole discretion.
5.

DEFAULT AND TERMINATION.
(a)
Subsection (26) of Section 18.A. of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:
(26)
Failure by Franchisee (or any Affiliate) to comply with: (i) any other
provisions of this Agreement, the lease for the Premises, or any other agreement relating
to the Franchised Restaurant, (ii) any Crown Your Career Agreement, or (iii) any provision
of any BURGER KING franchise agreement, lease or other agreement between

Crown Your Career Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit Z1 (03/2025)
BK #_________
2

