L.

Management of Franchised Restaurant

(1)
With respect to the development of a Co-Branded Facility, the Operating Partner
shall not exercise any day-to-day management responsibility for the Co-Branded Business(es).
FRANCHISEE shall designate another individual, or individuals, to supervise and manage the
day-to-day operations of the Co-Branded Business(es). Such individual shall have the authority to
direct any action necessary in connection with such management responsibilities.
(2)
FRANCHISEE shall retain and exercise direct management responsibility for the
Franchised Restaurant and shall ensure that the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant
is in compliance with the MOD Manual, with this Agreement, and with the terms of any lease and
any other agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant. FRANCHISEE shall devote full time
and best efforts to the overall supervision of the Franchised Restaurant and any other BURGER
KING Restaurants owned by FRANCHISEE.
(3)
FRANCHISEE agrees to furnish BKC with such evidence as BKC may request
from time to time for the purpose of assuring BKC of the designation of a separate manager for
each Co-Branded Business and that authority of that manager remains as represented in this
Agreement.
6.
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at an Institutional Location, Subsection 9.B of the Franchise
Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
B.

Advertising, Sales Promotion and Public Relations

FRANCHISEE shall pay to BKC or its designee an advertising contribution in
amount to be determined by BKC in its sole discretion, not to exceed an amount equal to
three percent (3.0%) percent of FRANCHISEE's monthly Gross Sales, payable by the tenth
(10th) day of each month based upon FRANCHISEE's Gross Sales for the preceding
month (the "National Advertising Contribution"). This sum, less direct administrative
expenses, will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related to the
development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and sales promotions, (b)
creative, production and other costs incurred in connection with the development of
advertising, sales promotions and public relations both in the market area of the
Franchised Restaurant, as reasonably defined from time to time by BKC, and on a national
basis, and (c) various methods of delivering the advertising or promotional message,
including, without limitation, television, radio, outdoor and print ("Media"). The allocation
of the Advertising Contribution between national, regional and local expenditures shall be
made by BKC, in its sole business judgment.
FRANCHISEE shall spend an additional one and one-half percent (1.5%) of
FRANCHISEE's monthly Gross Sales, based upon FRANCHISEE's Gross Sales for the
preceding month, on advertising sales promotion, public relations and other activities in
support of the Franchised Restaurant (the “Local Advertising Contribution,” and together
with the National Advertising Contribution, the “Advertising Contribution”). At the end of
each calendar year, FRANCHISEE shall certify in writing to BKC that this obligation has
been satisfied and, upon request, FRANCHISEE shall submit to BKC all invoices,
promotional copies and other supporting documentation to evidence the expenditure by
FRANCHISEE of an amount equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of monthly Gross
Sales. Failure to expend these funds shall constitute a material default under Section
18(A)(7) of this Agreement.
7.
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Mall Location, Subsection 9.B of the Franchise
Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit E1 (03/2025)
BK#__________
8

