identifying indicia owned by BKC (or its Affiliates).
1.8

“BUYER” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

1.9

“CARROLS” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

1.10
“CARROLS Restaurants” means the Burger King Restaurants identified by
restaurant number on Exhibit “A” to this Agreement, and “CARROLS Restaurant” means any
one of them.
1.11 “Claim” means any lawsuit, litigation, dispute, claim, demand, arbitration or
mediation, or any other proceeding before a judicial, administrative or arbitration court or panel
whether known or unknown, liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed,
legal or equitable.
1.12 “Closing” means the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
which for purposes of this Agreement shall be deemed to occur at 11:59 p.m. (local time at the
CARROLS Restaurants) on the Closing Date.
1.13

“Closing Date” means the date on which the Closing occurs, which shall be
, or such other date as agreed upon in writing by the Parties.

1.14 “Data Room” means the electronic data site established by CARROLS on
Microsoft SharePoint for purposes of storing the Transaction Due Diligence.
1.15

“Estimated Inventory Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(iii).

1.16
“Executory Contracts” means those third-party vendor contracts listed in
Exhibit “G” attached to this Agreement.
1.17 “Franchise Agreement” means the form of franchise agreement, including any
addenda or agreements ancillary thereto, which are attached as Exhibit “B”.
1.18

“Guarantor” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

1.19 “Law” means any laws, rules, statutes, decrees, regulations, circulars, ordinances
or orders, including all applicable public, environmental, and competition laws and regulations;
and any administrative decisions, judgments and other pronouncements enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered by any governmental authority.
1.20 “Lease” means the form of lease/sublease agreements including any addenda or
agreements ancillary thereto, which are attached as Exhibit “C.”
1.21

“Limited Release” means the form of Limited Release attached hereto as Exhibit

1.22

“Parties” means, collectively, CARROLS, BUYER, and GUARANTOR.

“I”.
1.23 “Person” means any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited
liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, association,
unincorporated association, joint stock company, organization, labor union, or other entity or
governmental authority.
Asset Purchase Agreement (Carrols Refranchise)
Exhibit F2 (01/2026)

2

