3.
Remodel Requirements. Franchisee is solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in the RTF
Remodel(s), and in otherwise participating in the Reclaim the Flame Remodel Program. The RTF Remodel
includes improvements, alterations, remodeling, and/or rebuilding of the interior and exterior of a Restaurant to
reflect the current image of BKC. The actual scope of work required to conclude the RTF Remodel by Franchisee
will vary depending on the condition of the Restaurant(s) prior to the effective date of this Program Agreement and
at the time of commencement of the RTF Remodel, and will be more accurately set forth in the FIR issued to
Franchisee, if BKC elects to issue such FIR pursuant to Section 2 above; provided, however, that each RTF
Remodel shall include at a minimum, but not be limited to, the parking lot, landscaping, double drive-thru, and
interior and exterior building remodel requirements specified in Exhibit A.
4.
Post-Inspections. Franchisee shall notify BKC of each concluded RTF Remodel by email to
RemodelDone@Whopper.com, specifying the Restaurant (by BK#) and location. Such notification must be
received by BKC within ten (10) days following completion of the RTF Remodel, but not later than the Remodel
Deadline for such remodel as set forth in Section 1, and must include as attachments or enclosures therewith all
of the Close-out Documents (as defined below). BKC shall then schedule a final walk-through inspection of the
applicable Restaurant to determine whether it has been remodeled in accordance with the following (collectively,
the “Remodel Requirements”): (i) the terms and conditions of this Program Agreement, (ii) the final FIR issued to
Franchisee, if BKC elects to issue such FIR pursuant to Section 2 above, and (iii) the terms and conditions of the
Restaurant’s Franchise Agreement. BKC’s construction manager shall have sole and absolute discretion to verify
successful completion of the remodel in accordance with the Remodel Requirements.
5.
Incentives. As a condition to receiving any incentives for any Restaurant through the Reclaim the Flame
Remodel Program, including without limitation the payment of the Franchisor Contribution (as hereinafter defined),
Franchisee shall (i) successfully conclude the RTF Remodel of that Restaurant by the Remodel Deadline specified
in Section 1, (ii) execute and return the successor Franchise Agreement, any addendums thereto provided by
BKC, and other required items no later than ten (10) days after receipt of such documents (collectively, the “RTF
Agreements”) from BKC, and (iii) pay the successor franchise fee for that Restaurant at the time BKC
specifies. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the RTF Agreements for each Restaurant will require
Franchisee to purchase additional year(s) on the term of its franchise for that Restaurant, as described in Section
5(a), and pay successor franchise fees in order to receive the incentives. Subject to Franchisee’s compliance with
the foregoing requirements, the incentives and terms and conditions for each Restaurant shall be as follows:
(a)
Franchise Fee. The franchise fee for each Restaurant shall equal two thousand five hundred
dollars ($2,500.00) per year for each additional year purchased by Franchisee in the RTF Agreements,
rounded up to the whole year. Under the RTF Agreements, Franchisee shall purchase a number of
additional years of term for the Restaurant such that the total number of years (inclusive of the original
term remaining on the Franchise Agreement and the additional years purchased in the RTF Agreements)
are equal to (i) twenty (20) years from and after the Remodel Deadline for such Restaurant or (ii) in the
case of a Restaurant at which Franchisee leases the premises from BKC only, such lesser number of years
that BKC owns, leases, or controls the premises wherein the Restaurant is located (provided, however, that
should this period be less than twenty (20) years, the amount of the Franchisor Contribution that would
otherwise be provided to Franchisee pursuant to Section 5(b) below shall be reduced on a pro rata basis
proportionate to the difference between such lesser period and twenty (20) years). BKC may require
Franchisee to furnish a “DTL Property Certification Form” to confirm Franchisee’s ownership, lease, or
control of the premises for such 20-year period.
(b)
Franchisor Contribution. Subject to Franchisee’s satisfaction of the terms and conditions of this
Program Agreement, BKC shall provide Franchisee with a cash contribution (the “Franchisor
Contribution”) for each completed RTF Remodel of a Restaurant in accordance with all Remodel
Requirements, in accordance with the following:
(i)
BKC evaluates franchisees’ operational performance using a system known as the
“Franchise Success System”, as may be modified by BKC from time to time (“FSS”) pursuant to
which each franchisee earns a letter grade of “A”, “B”, “D”, or “F” based on such franchisee’s
operational performance. In accordance with the terms of this Program Agreement, Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that the average of its three (3) then-most recent FSS grades (each
Reclaim the Flame Master Program Agreement
Exhibit N1 (03/2025)

2

