will install and implement any Additional Ordering System required by BKC within the reasonable
time specified by BKC.
(4)
Franchisee must also, at its sole cost and expense: (a) maintain, use and/or
operate technology for the purpose of communicating with customers of BURGER KING
Restaurants and the collection, processing, storage and use of BURGER KING Restaurant
customer data that may be mandated by BKC at any time during the Term in addition to the
methods and technology BKC currently uses or authorizes (individually an “Additional Digital
System” and collectively, the “Additional Digital Systems”); and (b) add or replace equipment,
wiring, hardware and software in connection with the Additional Digital Systems. To the extent any
products and services related to an Additional Digital System are owned by BKC or provided to
Franchisee by BKC, BKC may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. BKC shall be the sole owner
of all direct and related rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property
and all data generated by the Additional Digital Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment
Franchisee purchases directly for the purpose of gaining access to an Additional Digital System.
BKC may use the data generated by the Additional Digital Systems (1) to analyze customer trends,
(2) to market BKC-developed goods and products to all customers or specific customer(s), (3) to
reward loyal or repeat customers, (4) to provide the data to third parties, and (5) for such other
purposes as BKC deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees
that all net profits received by BKC from providing the data generated by the Additional Digital
Systems to third parties shall be the sole property of BKC. If BKC requires Franchisee to use an
Additional Digital System, then Franchisee shall comply with BKC’s requirements for connecting
to, and utilizing such technology in connection with Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised
Restaurant. Franchisee will install and implement any Additional Digital System required by BKC
within the reasonable time specified by BKC.
F.

Menu and Service

All menu items which BKC may deem appropriate to take full advantage of the potential
market and achieve standardization in the BURGER KING System will be served, and no items
which are not set forth in the MOD Manual or otherwise authorized and approved by BKC in writing
for sale from the Franchised Restaurant will be served. FRANCHISEE shall only sell the approved
menu items at retail to consumers from and through the Franchised Restaurant, and shall not sell
such items for redistribution or resale. FRANCHISEE shall adhere to all specifications contained
in the MOD Manual or as otherwise prescribed by BKC as to ingredients, methods of preparation
and service, weight and dimensions of products served, and standards of cleanliness, health and
sanitation. Franchisee shall notify BKC in writing within twenty-four hours of any investigation or
violation, actual or alleged, concerning any health or sanitary laws or regulations that results in a
failing score from the governmental authority, a closure of the Franchised Restaurant or a
threatened closure of the Franchised Restaurant, or that constitutes a critical food safety violation
as set forth in the MOD Manual (each, a “Food Safety Incident”). Upon the occurrence of any Food
Safety Incident, Franchisee shall take any actions directed by BKC or any governmental authority
concerning such investigation or violation. All food, drink and other items will be served and sold
in packaging that meets BKC’s specifications. Only food, beverages, supplies, paper products and
packaging from sources approved by BKC shall be used in the Franchised Restaurant.
FRANCHISEE shall ensure that only fountain drinks approved by BKC are sold at the
Franchised Restaurant. If there is a common self-service drink station located on the Premises,
FRANCHISEE may only sell approved beverages from the common drink station, and all sales to
customers at or from the Franchised Restaurant must be processed through the BURGER KING
POS system located at the Franchised Restaurant and included in the calculation of Gross Sales.
In the event that approved beverages are not being sold from the common drink station,
FRANCHISEE shall install, at its sole cost and expense, a separate drink station for use at the
Franchised Restaurant where only approved beverages shall be sold. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, BKC reserves the right to collect royalties on all fountain drinks sold on the Premises.
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2025)
BK #_________
6

