ARTICLE V: DEPOSIT
Franchise Fee Deposit. As consideration for the rights granted herein, Developer shall, upon execution of
this Agreement, pay to BKC Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) (the "Franchise Fee Deposit"). The
Franchise Fee Deposit is deemed fully earned and non-refundable (except as set forth in Section 1.4.3)
upon execution of this Agreement by BKC. The Franchise Fee Deposit will be applied to offset the franchise
fee of the Franchised Restaurant.
ARTICLE VI: DEFAULT
6.1
Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this
Agreement, which, unless otherwise specified, shall entitle BKC to immediately terminate this Agreement
upon written notice to Developer:
6.1.1 Developer fails to develop and open for business the Franchised Restaurant by the
Opening Deadline (a “Development Default”);
6.1.2 Developer breaches or otherwise fails to timely comply with any provision of this
Agreement, including allowing an A# to expire;
6.1.3 Developer fails to cure any default within the time specified by BKC in any notice to
Developer, under any franchise agreement, lease, or any other obligation owed to BKC; or
6.1.4 The knowing and intentional submission by Developer of any applications which contain
false or misleading statements or omission of any material fact.
6.2
Cure. In the event of a Development Default, Developer may cure such Development Default as
follows: (i) open the Franchised Restaurant within thirty (30) days from the Opening Deadline (each, a
“Cure Period”); or (ii) pay to BKC at the time of the Development Default an additional Ten Thousand Dollar
($10,000) deposit which shall be considered a “Franchise Fee Deposit”. In the event Developer elects to
cure the Development Default as described in this Section 6.2(ii), BKC shall extend the Opening Deadline
for the Franchised Restaurant to a date which shall be six (6) months from the original Opening Deadline
(the "Extended Cure Period"). BKC shall also extend the Site Approval and Construction Approval for the
Franchised Restaurant until the end of Extended Cure Period. Further, failure to open the Franchised
Restaurant after expiration of the Extended Cure Period shall result in the immediate termination of this
Agreement by BKC without further notice, in which event Developer shall forfeit all amounts paid under this
Agreement.
6.3
Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement by BKC or if at the time of expiration of this
Agreement Developer has not developed and opened the Franchised Restaurant, any rights granted to
Developer pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate and Developer shall forfeit all amounts paid under
this Agreement.
ARTICLE VII: INDEMNIFICATION/INSURANCE
7.1
Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to
third parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations
of Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury,
illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, indemnify
and save BKC and BKC's officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, accountants, predecessors,
subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies harmless of, from and with respect to any such claims,
demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney's fees). BKC shall notify Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall be given
the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense, BKC may
defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay to BKC all costs, including
Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2025)
5

