5.2
BUYER’s Closing Deliverables. At Closing, the BUYER shall pay the Purchase
Price to CARROLS in accordance with Section 4, as adjusted in accordance with that Section,
and shall pay any other monetary obligation due under this Agreement. In addition, at Closing,
BUYER shall execute and deliver to CARROLS or BKC, as the case may be, the following:
(i)

All Ancillary Agreements;

(ii)

Proof of insurance as required by the Franchise Agreements or Leases for
the CARROLS Restaurants; and

(iii)

such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably required by
CARROLS or BKC, in form and substance satisfactory to the requiring
party.

5.3
CARROLS’ Closing Deliverables. At Closing, CARROLS shall execute and deliver
or cause BKC to execute and deliver to BUYER all Ancillary Agreements (other than the Limited
Release).
5.4
Risk of Loss. CARROLS shall have the right to maintain possession of the
Purchased Assets and operate the CARROLS Restaurants, for its own account, until the Closing
(i.e., 11:59 p.m. local time at the CARROLS Restaurants on the Closing Date). BUYER shall take
possession of the Purchased Assets and the Premises as of Takeover, and all risk of loss to the
Purchased Assets and all obligations of whatever sort or nature arising from the ownership or
operation of the CARROLS Restaurants from and after Takeover shall be the responsibility of
BUYER. Accordingly, (i) BUYER shall defend, indemnify and hold CARROLS harmless from all
Claims, damages, expenses and liabilities arising out of the ownership of the Purchased Assets
or operation of the CARROLS Restaurants from and after Takeover; and (ii) CARROLS shall
defend, indemnify and hold BUYER harmless from Claims, damages, expenses and liabilities
arising out of ownership of the Purchased Assets or operation of the CARROLS Restaurants prior
to Takeover. This provision shall survive the Closing.
6.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CARROLS

6.1
CARROLS represents and warrants that (i) CARROLS is a limited liability company
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and
has the limited liability company power to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, (ii) CARROLS has all requisite power and
authority and has taken all action necessary to sign and deliver this Agreement, to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and to perform its obligations hereunder; and (iii) this
Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of CARROLS, enforceable against CARROLS
in accordance with its terms.
6.2
CARROLS represents and warrants that CARROLS has good and marketable title
to the Purchased Assets, and that upon Closing, the Purchased Assets shall be transferred to
BUYER subject to no liens or encumbrances.
7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

BUYER represents and warrants that: (i) BUYER is a ___________ duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of _________ and has all requisite
power to own, lease, operate its assets and properties and carry on its business as it is now being
Asset Purchase Agreement (Carrols Refranchise)
Exhibit F2 (01/2026)

6

