ITEM 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
You must use the Restaurant solely for the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant and must
keep the Restaurant open and in normal operation for the minimum hours and days as we specify in the
Franchise Agreement or otherwise in writing.
You must operate the Restaurant in strict conformity with the methods, standards and specifications
as we prescribe in the MOD Manual or otherwise in writing.
You must offer for sale and sell at the Restaurant all and only those products and services as are
expressly authorized by us in the MOD Manual or otherwise in writing and only in accordance with our
specifications and standards. If your Restaurant is located in an area that is serviced by a delivery
aggregator (e.g., Uber Eats) you must offer food for delivery to customers. Certain products and services
may be required within the Designated Market Area that your Restaurant is located in, although not
mandated nationwide. We require you to participate in the loyalty program, currently referred to as the
ROYAL PERKS Loyalty Program, for all new and existing BURGER KING® restaurants via the
technology platforms we require. These technology platforms are the same platforms that enable ordering
and delivery via the Burger King® app and website. Customers who are members of the ROYAL PERKS
Loyalty Program can earn points, currently referred to as Crowns, and redeem points for eligible menu
items at any BURGER KING® restaurant. You must honor these loyalty points at your Restaurant as
provided in your MOD Manual or otherwise in writing and only in accordance with our specifications and
standards. Currently, points are earned through member purchases on the BK® mobile app, website or inRestaurant orders by using a code located in the member’s account, or a credit card linked to the member’s
account.
You may offer products and menu items for sale at whatever price you want except with respect to
products on the Value Menu, which are subject to a maximum price set by us. You are not bound by any
sales price that we may recommend or suggest except that with respect to Value Menu items, you may only
charge prices that are at or below the maximum price set by us. We can change the menu items, ingredients,
products, materials, supplies and paper goods or the standards and specifications of each and there are no
limits on our ability to do so. You must promptly comply with the new requirements. We have
specifications and standards for the products offered at your Restaurant, and for the ingredients, packaging,
and paper goods used in the preparation serving and sale of such products, that you must procure from
suppliers approved by us.
You may not install at the Restaurant any public telephones, newspaper racks, juke boxes, vending
machines, amusement rides, lottery ticket terminals, automated teller machines, internet terminals, video
games or any other games or machines without our written authorization.
You may offer and sell products only at retail, and not for redistribution or resale. We do not limit
the customers to whom you may sell goods or services, except that you may only sell products and services
(1) to drive-thru customers if you are operating a Drive Thru Only Restaurant, and (2) to delivery customers
if you are operating a Delivery Restaurant, unless you also have installed a walk-up window or a small
outdoor seating area.
See Item 8 for additional information on restrictions covering what you may sell.
4916-5710-2124, v. 1

Item 16
03/2025

Page 72

