AMENDMENT TO
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Development Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of Maryland:
1.
Article VI is revised to provide that termination upon bankruptcy might not be enforceable
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Act, but BKC intends to enforce it to the extent enforceable.
2.
Article XIV of the Development Agreement, titled “ACKNOWLEDGEMENT”, shall be
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language: “[Intentionally Deleted]”.
3.

The following statement is added to the end of Article XV:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Development
Agreement, you may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claim
arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law
must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

4.

The following statement is added to Section 15.5:
The release by Developer shall not apply to any claims made under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

5.
The representations made in the Development Agreement are not intended to nor should
they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law.
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
7.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Maryland Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2025)

