15.2
Non-Waiver. Failure of BKC to insist upon strict performance of any terms of this Agreement shall
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Acceptance by BKC of any money paid by
Developer under this Agreement or under any Developer Franchise Agreement shall not constitute a waiver
by BKC of any breach or default of this Agreement or any Developer Franchise Agreement. The rights,
powers, privileges and remedies of BKC hereunder and in all other agreements with Developer shall be
cumulative and not exclusive.
15.3
Relationship of Parties. The Parties to this Agreement are not partners, joint venturers, or agents
of each other and there is no fiduciary relationship between the Parties. BKC does not have the right to
bind or obligate Developer in any way and shall not represent that it has any such right, and Developer
does not have the right to bind or obligate BKC in any way and shall not represent that it has any such right.
15.4
Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida. The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the United States
District Court for the Southern District Court of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial
Court (or its successor) in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, shall be the venue and exclusive proper
forum in which to adjudicate any case or controversy arising, either directly or indirectly, under or in
connection with this Agreement, and the Parties further agree that in the event of litigation arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement in these courts, they will not contest or challenge the personal jurisdiction
or venue of these courts.
15.5
GENERAL RELEASE. For and in consideration of BKC entering into this Agreement, and other
good and valuable consideration received from or on behalf of BKC, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, Developer, for itself and on behalf of its Affiliates, owners, directors, officers, employees,
shareholders, agents, advisors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the “Indemnifying Parties”), hereby
remises, releases, acquits, satisfies, and forever discharges BKC and its Affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents, advisors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the
“BKC Indemnified Parties”), of and from all manner of Claims, suits, debts, dues, sums of money,
accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises,
variances, trespasses, damages, judgments and executions, whatsoever, in law or in equity, which
Developer or any of the Indemnifying Parties ever had, now has, or which any successor or assign of
Developer or any of the Indemnifying Parties hereafter can, shall, or may have, whether known or unknown,
against the BKC Indemnified Parties, or any of them, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing
whatsoever, from the beginning of the world to the date of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement,
“Claim” means any cause of action, lawsuit, litigation, dispute, claim, arbitration, mediation, action, hearing,
proceeding, investigation, charge, complaint, controversy, demand, injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling or any other matter before a judicial, administrative or arbitration court or panel, whether known or
unknown, liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal or equitable. The
term “Claim” also includes any losses, liabilities, amounts paid in settlement, penalties, fees, fines,
damages (including special and consequential damages), lost profits, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses). [DEVELOPER, SPECIFICALLY, AND WITH FULL
KNOWLEDGE AND ADVICE OF COUNSEL, DOES HEREBY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS AND
PROTECTIONS OF THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 SET FORTH BELOW. CALIFORNIA
CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 READS AS FOLLOWS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO
CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST
IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM
OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR
OR RELEASED PARTY.”]
15.6
Binding Nature. All of the covenants, agreements, terms and conditions to be observed and
performed by the Parties hereto shall be applicable to and binding upon their respective successors and
permitted assigns.
15.7
Counterpart Execution. To facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts as may be convenient or necessary, and it shall not be necessary that the signatures of all
Parties hereto be contained on any one counterpart hereof. Additionally, the Parties hereto hereby covenant
18
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M1 (03/2025)

