A copy of the Table of Contents of the OPS Manual is attached as Exhibit U, and as of the issuance
date of this disclosure document, the OPS Manual contains approximately 639 pages.
The Burger King Franchisee Onboarding Training Program
Before the opening of the Restaurant, each Franchisee or applicant (or appropriate individual(s))
must successfully complete our training program. The training program is held in Miami, Florida or other
locations specified by us. In-Restaurant Training will be held in various Restaurant locations that we have
authorized as Training Restaurants for this purpose. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 8). We provide this training
to protect the System and our marks, not to control the day-to-day operation of your Restaurant.
Required New Franchisee Training
Each new Franchisee and/or their designated Operating Partner must complete our required initial
training program before being approved to operate a Restaurant in the Burger King® system. Instructional
materials for our training programs vary by program and may include various materials in written,
electronic, or other forms (such as handbooks, manuals, workbooks, videos, and interactive computer
training). The fee is $7,500 per trainee. You are also responsible for all costs related to the training program
including travel and living expenses, wages and insurance.
We may offer reduced training fees or package pricing for franchisees enrolling multiple
participants in the same session. Any such discounts are offered at our discretion and may vary based on
timing, availability, and program enrollment levels.
In-restaurant training is identified as such; all other training is classroom or on-line training.
Classroom programs and in-restaurant programs are conducted continuously throughout the year as needed.
Attendance in training classes may require you to travel to a location we designate (all at your sole cost and
expense).
The following table outlines the training program as of the date of this disclosure document. You
must complete all portions of this training program before you open your Restaurant (unless otherwise
noted).
TRAINING PROGRAM
Subject

New Franchisee Trainingi
• Brand Orientation
• BKC Shift Certification Training
including BK® University Team
Member Training and
Foundations Shift Control,
foundational skills of restaurant
management.

Hours of
Classroom or
On-Line
Training
Up to 20 hours

Hours of On-theJob/In-Restaurant
Training

Location

Up to 320 hours

In Training
Restaurant;
Onlineii; or
Classroom

i

Must be completed before opening the Restaurant by Operating Partner or Managing Owner, and if
applicable, the Managing Director, as determined by us.

Item 11
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 57

