Table of Contents
We identified the assessment of the acquisition-date fair value of the operating lease assets, lease liabilities and reacquired franchise
rights as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of certain assumptions used to estimate these fair values involved a higher degree of
subjective auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge. Specifically, those key assumptions included the incremental
borrowing rates for the valuation of the operating lease assets and lease liabilities and the discount rate for the reacquired franchise
rights. Changes to those key assumptions could have had an impact on the determination of the fair values.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter: We evaluated the design and tested the
operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s process to estimate the fair value of the operating lease assets,
lease liabilities and reacquired franchise rights, including controls over the determination of the incremental borrowing rates and
discount rate. We evaluated the Company’s methodology to develop the fair values of the operating lease assets, lease liabilities and
reacquired franchise rights. We performed sensitivity analyses over the Company’s incremental borrowing rates and discount rate to
evaluate the impact of changes in those assumptions on the Company’s determination of fair values. We involved valuation
professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:
•

evaluating the incremental borrowing rates by comparing them to a range of rates independently developed using companyspecific information and publicly available market data

•

evaluating the discount rate by comparing it to a range of discount rates independently developed using publicly available market
data for comparable restaurant companies.

Recoverability assessment of the Firehouse Subs brand
As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset
for the Firehouse Subs brand of $816 million as of December 31, 2024. The Company performs indefinite-lived intangible assets
impairment testing annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment might have
occurred. To estimate the fair value of the Firehouse Subs Brand indefinite-lived intangible asset, the Company uses an income
approach, which discounts the projected brand-related cash flows using a discount rate determined from a market participant’s
perspective.
We identified the evaluation of the recoverability assessment of the Firehouse Subs brand as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor
judgment and specialized skills and knowledge were required to evaluate the projected revenue and discount rate assumptions used to
estimate the fair value of the Firehouse Subs brand. Changes to those key assumptions could have had an impact on the Company’s
fair value determination and the assessment of the recoverability of the Firehouse Subs brand.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter: We evaluated the design and tested the
operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s process to assess recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible
assets, including controls related to the Company’s determination of projected revenue and selection of the discount rate assumption
used in the determination of the fair value of the Firehouse Subs brand. We performed sensitivity analyses over the Company’s
projected revenue and the discount rate to evaluate the impact of changes in those assumptions on the Company’s estimated fair value
of the Firehouse Subs brand. We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company’s projected revenue by comparing actual results to the
Company’s historical forecasts. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:
•

evaluating the projected revenue prepared by the Company by comparing it to publicly available projected revenue for
comparable restaurant companies

•

evaluating the discount rate by comparing it against an independently developed discount rate using publicly available market
data for comparable restaurant companies.
(signed) KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1989.
Miami, Florida
February 21, 2025

58

