Lessee agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, make any and all Building Improvements to the
Premises as may be requested by Lessor from time to time. Lessee understands and agrees that Lessor
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require the same Building Improvement to be performed by Lessee
on more than one occasion during the Term of the Lease, notwithstanding the balance of the Building
Improvement Funds held by Lessor. Said Building Improvements must be completed by Lessee within the
time periods specified by Lessor. Lessee shall not at any time make any Building Improvement to the
Premises without the prior written consent of Lessor.
All approved Building Improvements shall be performed by Lessee in accordance with Section 5.3 of this
Lease. Lessee shall be solely responsible for the payment of all Replacement Costs, as well as any
increase in real estate taxes or assessments levied, certified and/or pending against the Premises resulting
from the Building Improvements.
§6.4 REIMBURSEMENT OF REPLACEMENT COSTS. Lessee may request in writing that Lessor
reimburse Lessee for Replacement Costs from the Building Improvement Funds, within thirty (30) days
after completion of a Building Improvement. Lessor shall disburse the Building Improvement Funds as
follows:
(a)

To Lessee in such amounts designated and approved by Lessor, and only upon Lessor’s
receipt of the following items:
(i)

Request for Funds. Lessee’s written request for Building Improvement Funds,
addressed to Lessor, specifying the amount of the disbursement sought and a
description of the Replacement Costs incurred since the date of the last
disbursement, together with supporting invoices or receipts for performance of the
Building Improvement(s) and other certificates as may be designated and
approved by Lessor. In no event shall Lessee’s request for funds exceed the
then-current outstanding balance of the Building Improvement Funds and Lessor
shall have no obligation or liability whatsoever to Lessee for any amount requested
over and beyond the outstanding balance of the Building Improvement Funds.

(ii)

Lessee Estoppel. A written estoppel certificate signed by the Lessee stating that
this Lease is valid and in full force and effect; that no event of default, or event or
condition that which could ripen into an event or default with the passage of time
or the giving of notice or both, has occurred under the Lease; and that the Building
Improvements are completed and are satisfactory to Lessee.

(iii)

Post Completion Inspectors Report. Lessor shall have received evidence from an
inspector designated and approved by Lessor, that the work for which Building
Improvement Funds are requested has been performed in a good and workmanlike
manner.

(iv)

Evidence of Compliance. Such lien waivers, contractor’s sworn statements,
receipts, and similar items as may be required by Lessor, from time to time in
Lessor’s sole and absolute discretion, and such other items as Lessor shall deem
necessary or appropriate to evidence Lessee’s compliance with the applicable
construction lien law.

(v)

Frequency. Unless Lessor shall have furnished Lessee with its prior written waiver
in that particular instance (it being understood and agreed that no such waiver shall
be deemed continuing or applicable to any subsequent withdrawals), withdrawals
shall not be made more frequently than once during any calendar month.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
13

