ARTICLE II: OPENING DEADLINE SCHEDULE
2.1
Opening Deadline Schedule. Developer must apply for and obtain (i) Franchise Approval (as
defined herein) in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2, (ii) Site Approval (as defined herein) in
accordance with the provisions of Section 4.3, (iii) Construction Approval (as defined herein) in accordance
with the provisions of Section 4.5, and (iv) the required permits, and shall construct, open and operate the
new Franchised Restaurant within the Target Area on Exhibit A no later than the date one hundred eighty
(180) days after the Effective Date (the "Opening Deadline"). Developer may ask BKC to extend the
Opening Deadline, but BKC is under no obligation to do so.
2.2
Force Majeure. If the Franchised Restaurant opening is delayed because of acts of God, labor
strikes, civil disorder, war, or embargo (“Force Majeure”), Developer must request a written extension of
the required opening date from BKC for the period of delay caused by the Force Majeure, up to a maximum
of six (6) months from the required Opening Deadline.
ARTICLE III: TERM
Unless terminated earlier or extended, as provided herein, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective
Date and expire on the date of the Opening Deadline. Except as provided herein, Developer has no right
to any extension or renewal of this Agreement.
ARTICLE IV: DEVELOPMENT PROCEDURE
4.1
Nature of Agreement. Developer understands and agrees that this Agreement is not a franchise
agreement and does not grant Developer a franchise for the operation of a BURGER KING® restaurant, or
any right to use BKC trademarks, service marks or other BKC intellectual property, but is merely intended
by the parties to set forth the terms and conditions which, if fully satisfied, would entitle the Developer to
obtain an individual Franchise Agreement for the Site to be developed under this Agreement.
4.2
Franchise Approval. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Developer understands and agrees that, as a condition precedent to the development of the Franchised
Restaurant, the Developer must apply for, meet and maintain BKC’s then-current operational, financial,
credit, legal and other criteria for developing and operating a new BURGER KING® restaurant as set forth
in the then-current BKC Franchise Approval and Expansion Policy (“Franchise Approval”) and must submit
a New Development Application. Developer understands and accepts that BKC may change its criteria for
Franchise Approval as it applies to all Franchisees in the U.S. during the term of this Agreement. Failure to
meet the requirements for operational, financial, credit and/or legal approval shall constitute grounds for,
among other things, BKC refusing to grant Franchise Approval or withdrawing an approval already granted.
Any failure by Developer to qualify for Franchise Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or
reduce the development obligations of Developer under this Agreement and if such failure results in
Developer defaulting on its development obligations under this Agreement, BKC may, in its sole discretion,
exercise its right to terminate this Agreement under Section 6.1.1 and the provisions of Section 6.2(ii) shall
not apply.
4.3
Site Approval. Developer must apply for and obtain Site Approval from BKC for the Franchised
Restaurant to be developed hereunder. Developer understands and acknowledges that Site Approval must
be obtained in addition to the permits required to construct, open and operate the Franchised Restaurant
in the Target Area and within the time period specified in this Section 4.3. Developer must submit a complete
"Site Application Package" in the form specified by BKC, together with such site information as required by
BKC to evaluate the proposed Site, with a request for written BKC site approval ("Site Approval"). Site
Approval is indicated by BKC’s issuance of a Site Approval number (“A#”). Developer must obtain Site
Approval from BKC for the Franchised Restaurant to be developed hereunder no later than thirty (30) days
after the Effective Date (the “Site Approval Deadline”). Site Approval automatically expires (without any
Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2025)
3

