ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Target Reservation Agreement and Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
As discussed in Item 11, the TRA and MTRA define one or more Target Areas in which we
authorize you to search for one or more Restaurant sites. You may only develop Restaurants in these Areas
and you will not be granted any exclusivity in these Areas. There are no restrictions on us in the Target
Areas. However, if we propose to develop a Restaurant at a site in a Target Area either for ourselves or
through another Franchisee we will give you the option to develop that Restaurant, as long as you meet our
requirements. If you exercise the option, you must obtain site approval and secure property control and
open the Restaurant by the date specified by us. If you do not exercise the option we or the third party can
develop the Restaurant at the site and we can terminate the TRA/MTRA and refund your remaining
franchise fee deposit. Other than the requirement to refund this deposit, we will not pay you any
compensation if we perform or provide services in these Areas.
You do not have any right to prevent or restrict the development of other restaurants at any other
locations, at any time. We and our affiliates also have the right to sell products including BURGER KING
branded products, in other channels of distribution like grocery stores, convenience stores, the internet or
other direct marketing sales under our marks or any others. We may establish and license other Restaurants
to operate at other locations, including in the vicinity of your Restaurant. Other BURGER KING
Restaurants may compete with your Restaurant or may affect customer trading patterns. You will not
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Relocation
You have no right to relocate your Restaurant other than with our prior written approval. The
conditions under which we will grant this approval vary according to the circumstances.
Development Agreement
We occasionally grant Development Agreements. If you sign the Development Agreement
included as Exhibit M1, we will grant you a geographic area (“Territory”) and you must develop
Restaurants within the Territory. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control.
Opportunities for the development of new franchised Restaurants vary by area and depend on such
factors like current market penetration and existing commitments for new Restaurant development. If we
grant rights to a developer in the market that your Restaurant is located in, or we grant a developer a right
of first refusal for additional Restaurants in the market and the developer exercises those rights, you will
not be able to open other Restaurants in that market. We retain sole discretion to decide whether and on
what terms we may offer any type of additional franchise rights to any Franchisee.
We have granted the Army & Air Force Exchange Service division of the U.S. military the right to
develop, and to grant concessions to other BKC franchisees to develop, Restaurants on their U.S. military
establishments, adjacent housing and support areas. You must sign a release to us regarding potential
development on any military establishment or base.

Item 12
03/2025

Page 63

