ARTICLE XIII: ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the
development of Franchised Restaurants and supersedes all prior negotiations, commitments,
representations, warranties and undertakings of the Parties (if any) with respect to the development of
Franchised Restaurants, whether written or oral. The Parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon
any representations, warranties, conditions, agreements or understandings, written or oral, made by the
Parties as their agents or representatives, except as herein specified. Nothing in this or in any related
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations BKC made in the Franchise Disclosure
Document it furnished to Developer. Neither this Agreement nor any term or provision of it may be changed,
waived, discharged, or modified other than in writing and signed by the Parties.
ARTICLE XIV: ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
14.1
Developer acknowledges that the success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement
involves substantial business risks and will be largely dependent upon the ability of Developer as an
independent businessperson. Except as set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document delivered to
Developer, BKC expressly disclaims the making of, and Developer acknowledges not having received, any
warranty or guaranty, expressed or implied, as to the potential volume, profits, or success of the business
venture contemplated by this Agreement.
14.2
Developer acknowledges that Developer has received, read, and understands this Agreement, the
exhibits hereto, and agreements relating hereto, if any; and BKC has accorded Developer ample time and
opportunity to consult with advisors of Developer’s own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of
entering into this Agreement.
14.3
Developer acknowledges that Developer has received the Franchise Disclosure Document required
by the Trade Regulation Rule of the Federal Trade Commission entitled “Disclosure Requirements and
Prohibitions Concerning Franchising”, also known as the “Franchise Rule” at least fourteen (14) calendar
days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed or the payment of any consideration to BKC or
any affiliate.
ARTICLE XV: MISCELLANEOUS
15.1
Notice. Any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, authorization, designation, specification
or other communication given or made to or by a party to this Agreement:
(a)

must be in writing and addressed:
(i) if to BKC to:

BURGER KING COMPANY LLC
5707 Blue Lagoon Drive
Miami, Florida 33126
Attn.: Head of Legal, U.S.

(ii) if to Developer to:
the address specified in the above recitals as Developer’s address or
Developer's last known mailing address
(iii) if to a Principal to: the address specified in the above recitals as Principal’s address, or
Principal's last known mailing address
or to such address as otherwise specified to the sender by any party by notice.
(b)

is regarded as being given by the sender and received by the addressee: (i) if by delivery in person
(including by courier), when delivered to the addressee; and (ii) if by certified, return receipt mail,
on the earlier of actual receipt or the 3rd day after being deposited in the mail.

17
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M1 (03/2025)

