compliance with the MOD Manual, with the Franchise Agreement, and with the terms of any lease and any
other agreements relating to your Restaurant. The Managing Director must devote full time efforts to the
direct supervision of the day-to-day operations of the Restaurant and any other BURGER KING
Restaurants owned by the Franchisee as to which that individual is the Managing Director with no other
operational or management commitments or involvements in other restaurant businesses (except other
BURGER KING Restaurants). The Managing Director must live in the vicinity of the Restaurant, but is not
required to have an equity interest in the Franchisee.
If you are signing a Corporate Addendum to the Entity form of Franchise Agreement, your
Managing Owner may be a direct or indirect parent entity of the Franchisee. You must designate an
individual (which can be you) as Managing Director, who must be approved by us, must complete our
training program and must personally direct the “on premises” day-to-day operations of the franchised
Restaurant(s). The Managing Director must live in the vicinity of the Restaurant, but is not required to
have an equity interest in the Franchisee.
Franchisees signing a Corporate Addendum to the Entity form of Franchise Agreement that qualify
as Contract Feeders may, subject to certain conditions, operate competing fast-food businesses. On a very
limited basis and subject to certain conditions, we may permit a Franchisee signing a Corporate Addendum
to the Entity form of Franchise Agreement to operate and have a financial interest in a competing fast-food
business or may allow such a Franchisee with minority shareholders who also have interests in competing
fast-food businesses.
We require each Owner (including Managing Owner), and if applicable, the Managing Director, to
sign an agreement not to disclose or misuse the MOD Manual or any other confidential information and not
to have an interest in any other hamburger business. We may permit a Managing Director to have
management responsibilities of other businesses under very limited circumstances, and with express written
authorization from us. One such circumstance would be when a BURGER KING Restaurant operated as
an MRS or in-line facility is located within premises that utilize multiple business concepts under a common
ownership.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
4928-4042-0140, v. 1

Item 15
03/2025

Page 71

