ITEM 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
We establish standards and specifications for most of the goods and services used in the
development, improvement, and operation of Restaurants, and for the direct and indirect sources of supply
of most of those items. These requirements help assure the quality, safety and consistency of the goods and
services provided by Restaurants, and protect and enhance the image of the BURGER KING brand.
You must construct, improve and operate your Restaurant in accordance with our standards and
specifications. The Restaurant’s fixtures, signage, improvements, décor, supplies, food, beverages,
insurance, paper products, packaging, cleaning tools and supplies, promotional items, and certain other
supplies, products, services and equipment, including computer and point of sale hardware and software,
digital menu boards, network services, and other technologies, must meet our standards and specifications.
In most cases, you must obtain these items from our approved suppliers or distributors.
The Double Drive Thru is required for all facility types except food courts, in-lines, indoor MRS,
Big Box Retail facilities and delivery facilities (e.g., ghost kitchens). Under certain programs, you must
choose an architect from our list of approved architects. You must provide ordering and delivery services
that permit customers to order food for delivery or pickup at the Restaurant via third party delivery
providers’ apps and websites that we approve, as well as the BURGER KING® mobile app and website.
All third-party delivery providers must be approved by us. You must also provide customer loyalty program
services that we require via the technology platforms we require. These technology platforms are the same
platforms that enable ordering and delivery via the BURGER KING® mobile app, website or in Restaurant
orders by using the 6-digit code located in the member’s account or using a credit card linked to the
member’s account. We or our affiliates are the sole supplier of these technology platforms.
We have sole suppliers for various items including: network services, digital menu boards, Gift
Card services, cashless payments processing, quality assurance inspection services, food, beverages,
cleaning supplies, packaging and certain equipment. Purchases from approved suppliers or those that meet
our specifications represent approximately 65% to 90% of the costs to establish a Restaurant and
approximately 30% to 60% of the non-occupancy expenses to operate a Restaurant. We are the sole supplier
of the technology platforms that enable you to provide ordering, delivery and loyalty program services via
the BURGER KING® app and website. We reserve the right to offer help desk and support services and to
charge a fee for these services.
We develop and modify our specifications and standards internally, and may, but are not obligated
to, consult with suppliers, professionals, and others in doing so. We communicate the standards, operating
specifications and procedures for the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant in the Manual of Operating
Data (“MOD Manual”) as described in Item 11 of this disclosure document. We provide specific standards
for items that you may purchase from any approved source. We provide suppliers and potential suppliers
with specifications and standards for items that must be purchased from approved suppliers. Suppliers must
keep these specifications confidential. We do not provide that information to you.
You must purchase and maintain insurance that meets our standards. Currently, you must maintain
the following types of insurance in the following amounts: (i) commercial general liability insurance with
a primary and excess limit of not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence, with the annual aggregate liability
limit to be maintained on the commercial general liability insurance based on the number of Franchised
Restaurants you and your affiliates own as follows: (a) for 1-10 Restaurants, an annual aggregate liability
limit of not less than $2,000,000 per year, (b) for 11-50 Restaurants, an annual aggregate liability limit of
not less than $5,000,000 per year, and (c) for more than 50 Restaurants, an annual aggregate liability limit
of not less than $10,000,000 per year; (ii) automobile liability insurance on all owned and/or leased
Item 8
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 46

