condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty, which in any such case causes, for more
than fifteen (15) consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities
at any facility of the Grantor if such event or circumstance is not covered by business interruption
insurance and would have a Material Adverse Effect.
then, In addition to all other rights and remedies granted to it under this Security Agreement, the
other Loan Documents or Crown Your Career Agreements and under any other instrument or agreement
securing, evidencing or relating to any of the Obligations, BKC may exercise all rights and remedies of a
secured party under the Code. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor expressly agrees
that in any such event BKC, without demand of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice of
any kind (except the notice specified below of time and place of public or private sale) to or upon Grantor
or any other Person (all and each of which demands, advertisements and notices are hereby expressly
waived to the maximum extent permitted by the Code and other applicable law), may forthwith enter upon
the premises of Grantor where any Collateral is located through self-help, without judicial process, without
first obtaining a final judgment or giving Grantor or any other Person notice and opportunity for a hearing
on BKC’s claim or action, and may collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate and realize upon the
Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell, lease, license, assign, give an option or options to
purchase, or sell or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part
thereof, in one or more parcels at a public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it
may deem acceptable, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk.
BKC shall have the right upon any such public sale or sales and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any
such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of said Collateral so sold, free of any right or
equity of redemption, which equity of redemption Grantor hereby releases. Such sales may be adjourned
and continued from time to time with or without notice. BKC shall have the right to conduct such sales on
Grantor’s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use Grantor’s premises without charge for
such time or times as BKC deems necessary or advisable.
b.
Grantor further agrees, at BKC’s request, to assemble the Collateral and
make it available to BKC at places which BKC shall designate, whether at Grantor’s premises or
elsewhere. Until BKC is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, BKC shall have
the right to hold or use Collateral, or any part thereof, to the extent that it deems appropriate for the
purpose of preserving Collateral or its value or for any other purpose deemed appropriate by BKC. BKC
shall have no obligation to Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of Grantor as against third parties
with respect to Collateral while Collateral is in the possession of BKC. BKC may, if it so elects, seek the
appointment of a receiver or keeper to take possession of Collateral and to enforce any of BKC’s
remedies with respect to such appointment without prior notice or hearing as to such appointment. BKC
shall apply the net proceeds of any such collection, recovery, receipt, appropriation, realization or sale to
the Obligations. Only after so paying over such net proceeds, and after the payment by BKC of any other
amount required by any provision of law, shall BKC need account for the surplus, if any, to Grantor. To
the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands
against BKC arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of the Collateral except such as arise solely
out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of BKC as finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a non-appealable order. Grantor agrees that ten (10) days prior notice by BKC of the time
and place of any public sale or of the time after which a private sale may take place is reasonable
notification of such matters. Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or
disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all Obligations, including any attorneys’ fees and other
expenses incurred by BKC to collect such deficiency.
c.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, Grantor hereby waives
presentment, demand, protest or any notice (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) of any
kind in connection with this Security Agreement or any Collateral.
d.
To the extent that applicable law imposes duties on BKC to exercise
remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, Grantor acknowledges and agrees that it is not
commercially unreasonable for BKC (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by BKC to
prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished
Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z4 (03/2025)
BK#________

10

