Table of Contents
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses – In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosure of
disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items. The guidance is effective for annual disclosures for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and subsequent interim periods with early adoption permitted, and requires
retrospective application to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact this new
guidance will have on our disclosures upon adoption and expect to provide additional detail and disclosures under this new guidance.
Note 3. Carrols Acquisition
Prior to May 16, 2024, we owned a 15% equity interest in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (“Carrols”), which was accounted for
as an equity method investment. On May 16, 2024, we acquired the remaining 85% of Carrols issued and outstanding shares that were
not already held by us or our affiliates for $9.55 per share in an all cash transaction (the “Carrols Acquisition”) in order to accelerate
the reimaging of restaurants before refranchising the majority of the acquired portfolio to new or existing smaller franchise operations.
The Carrols Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination by applying the acquisition method of accounting and Carrols
became our wholly owned consolidated subsidiary.
The acquisition of the 85% equity interest of Carrols was accounted for as a step acquisition, which required remeasurement of
our existing 15% ownership interest in Carrols to fair value. We utilized the $9.55 per share acquisition price to determine the fair
value of the existing equity interest. This resulted in an increase in the value of our existing 15% equity interest and the recognition of
a gain of $79 million (the “Step Acquisition Gain”), which is included in (Income) loss from equity method investments in our
consolidated statements of operations for 2024.
Total cash paid in connection with the Carrols Acquisition was $543 million. Additionally, in connection with the Carrols
Acquisition, we assumed approximately $431 million of outstanding debt, all of which was fully extinguished as of June 30, 2024.
The cash purchase price and extinguishment of debt assumed in the Carrols Acquisition was funded with a combination of cash on
hand and $750 million of incremental borrowings under our senior secured term loan facility.
The following table summarizes the purchase price consideration in connection with the Carrols Acquisition (in millions):
Total cash paid
Effective settlement of pre-existing balance sheet accounts (a)
Fair value of existing 15% equity interest
Total consideration

$

$

543
15
90
648

(a) Effective settlement of pre-existing balances with Carrols related to franchise and lease agreements prior to the date of
acquisition.
Fees and expenses related to the Carrols Acquisition and related financings totaled approximately $11 million during 2024,
consisting of professional fees and compensation-related expenses which are classified as general and administrative expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations (the “Carrols Acquisition Costs”).

72

