all Inventory; (xiv) all Investment Property; (xv) all Receivables; (xvi) all Receivables Records; (xvii) all
deposit accounts; (xviii) all Money, cash or cash equivalents of Grantor; and (xix) to the extent not
otherwise included, all Proceeds, tort claims, insurance claims and other rights to payments not otherwise
included in the foregoing and products of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and
replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing.
(b)
In addition, to secure the prompt and complete payment, performance and
observance of the Obligations, Grantor hereby grants to BKC a right of set-off against the property of
Grantor held by BKC, consisting of property described above now or hereafter in the possession or
custody of, or in transit to, BKC, for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the
account of Grantor, or as to which Grantor may have any right or power.
3.

LENDER’S RIGHTS; LIMITATIONS ON LENDER’S OBLIGATIONS.

a.
It is expressly agreed by Grantor that, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, Grantor shall remain liable under each of its Contracts and each of its Licenses to
observe and perform all the conditions and obligations to be observed and performed by it thereunder.
BKC shall not have any obligation or liability under any Contract or License by reason of, or arising out of,
this Security Agreement or the granting herein of a Lien thereon or the receipt by BKC of any payment
relating to any Contract or License pursuant hereto. BKC shall not be required or obligated in any
manner to perform or fulfill any of the obligations of Grantor under or pursuant to any Contract or License,
or to make any payment, or to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment
received by it or the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any Contract or License, or to
present or file any claims, or to take any action to collect or enforce any performance or the payment of
any amounts which may have been assigned to it or to which it may be entitled at any time or times.
b.
BKC may at any time after a Default or an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or if any rights of set-off (other than set-offs against an Account arising under the
Contract giving rise to the same Account or contra accounts may be asserted with respect to the
following), without prior notice to the Grantor, notify Account Debtors and other Persons obligated on the
Collateral that BKC has a security interest therein, and that payments shall be made directly to BKC.
Upon the request of BKC, Grantor shall so notify Account Debtors, and other Persons obligated on
Collateral. Once any such notice has been given to any account debtor or other Person obligated on the
Collateral, Grantor shall not give any contrary instructions to such Account Debtor or other Person without
BKC’s prior written consent.
c.
BKC may at any time in BKC’s own name, in the name of a nominee of
BKC or in the name of Grantor communicate (by mail, telephone, facsimile, email or otherwise) with
Account Debtors, parties to Contracts and obligors in respect of Instruments to verify with such Persons,
to BKC’s satisfaction, the existence, amount, terms of and any other matter relating to, any such
Accounts, payment intangibles, Contracts, Instruments or Chattel Paper. If a Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, BKC may cause the independent certified public accountants then
engaged by the Grantor to prepare and deliver to BKC at any time and from time to time promptly upon
BKC’s request, the following reports with respect to Grantor: (i) a reconciliation of all Accounts; (ii) an
aging of all Accounts; (iii) trial balances; and (iv) a test verification of such Accounts as BKC may request.
4.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor represents and warrants to BKC

that:
a.
Grantor has the rights in and the power to transfer each item of the
Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, and as of the date hereof, such Collateral is
free and clear of any and all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances.
b.
After the date hereof, Grantor shall not permit any security agreement,
financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any
part of the Collateral to be filed of record in any public office, except such as may have been filed in favor
Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z4 (03/2025)
BK#________

6

