Lessor may collect Rent from the assignee, transferee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount
collected to the Rent reserved in this Lease, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy or collection
shall be deemed a waiver of any covenant or condition of this Lease, or the acceptance of the assignee,
transferee, subtenant or occupant as lessee, or a release of Lessee from the performance or further
performance by Lessee of its obligations under this Lease, and Lessee shall continue to be liable for all its
obligations under this Lease. The consent by Lessor to an assignment, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance,
transfer, management contract or subletting shall not in any way be construed to relieve Lessee from
obtaining the express consent in writing of Lessor in each instance to any subsequent similar action that
the Lessee may intend to take. Providing Lessee remains liable for all its obligations under this Lease,
Lessor shall consent to an assignment of this Lease to an individual, partnership or corporation to which
the Franchise Agreement has been assigned.
§13.3 ASSUMPTION BY ASSIGNEE. An assignment made with Lessor’s consent or as otherwise
permitted shall not be effective until Lessee delivers to Lessor an executed counterpart of such assignment
containing an agreement, in recordable form, executed by the assignor and the proposed assignee, in
which the assignee assumes the performance of the obligations of the assignor under this Lease to the
Original Term Expiration Date.
XIV.
ADDITIONAL PROPERTY
§14.1 PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL PROPERTY. In the event Lessee (for purposes of this Article, if
Lessee is a group of more than one person, the term “Lessee” shall mean any member of the Lessee group)
or any corporation, partnership or other entity in which Lessee has an interest or any member of Lessee’s
immediate family (Lessee or such other person or entity shall hereinafter be referred to as “Vendee”)
acquires the right to purchase property which, in the sole opinion of Lessor, is capable of being used either
as additional parking or for any other purpose connected with the operation of the Premises (the “Additional
Property”), Lessor shall have an option to assume Vendee’s right to purchase such Additional Property
without cost or charge to Lessor for such option. The granting of this option by Vendee to Lessor is in
partial consideration for the making of this Lease by Lessor. Vendee agrees to submit to Lessor (i) a copy
of the purchase or option contract within ten (10) days after final execution thereof and (ii) all other relevant
documents within a reasonable period of time in advance of the scheduled closing date. Lessor shall have
twenty (20) days after its receipt of the purchase or option contract and any and all relevant documents
within which to notify Vendee of Lessor’s intention to accept or reject Lessor’s option. If Vendee’s rights to
purchase such Additional Property are not assignable, or if Vendee purchases the Additional Property
without previously granting Lessor the option to acquire the Additional Property, Lessor shall have the
additional option to purchase the Additional Property from Vendee, at Vendee’s purchase price, under the
terms of Lessor’s then standard contract for the purchase of real property which shall be executed by
Vendee and Lessor upon Lessor’s exercise of this additional option. The granting of this additional option
by Vendee to Lessor is in partial consideration for the making of this Lease by Lessor. Vendee agrees to
submit to Lessor a copy of the purchase agreement and all other relevant documents within fifteen (15)
days after Vendee acquires the Additional Property, and Lessor shall have thirty (30) days thereafter within
which to notify Vendee of its intention to accept or reject this additional option.
In the event Lessor acquires the Additional Property from Vendee as set forth above, Vendee and Lessor
agree to amend this Lease to include the Additional Property and to increase the Rent and other Additional
Charges payable by Lessee for its use of the Additional Property. The rent for the Additional Property shall
be calculated by Lessor in accordance with its then current formula for the calculation of ”BKL” lease rentals.
In the event (i) Lessor fails to exercise its options to purchase the Additional Property as set forth above, or
(ii) Lessor has not received notice from Vendee that Vendee has purchased the Additional Property, then
at such time as (a) Lessor becomes aware of the acquisition by Vendee of the Additional Property or (b)
this Lease expires or is terminated, whichever is earlier, Lessor shall have a third option to acquire the
Additional Property by purchasing it for its then fair market value or three (3) times Vendee’s purchase
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
22

