liability insurance (which can be achieved through a combination of primary and
excess annual aggregate liability limits) based on the number of BURGER KING
restaurants owned by Lessee and certain of its affiliates as follows: (1) for 1-10
restaurants, an annual aggregate liability limit of not less than $2,000,000 per year,
(2) for 11-50 restaurants, an annual aggregate liability limit of not less than
$5,000,000 per year, and (3) for more than 50 restaurants, an annual aggregate
liability limit of not less than $10,000,000 per year;
(ii)

automobile liability insurance on all owned and/or leased vehicles, with a
combination of primary and excess limits of not less than $1,000,000.00;

(iii)

broad form Boiler and Machinery insurance covering all boilers, pressure vessels
and HVAC equipment within the Premises in an amount not less than the full
replacement cost thereof; and

(iv)

such other insurance and in such amounts as reasonably may be required by
Lessor for its own and Lessee’s protection.

The foregoing policies shall name Lessor and any other entity that Lessor acting
reasonably requests as an additional insured and shall include a waiver of subrogation in
favor of BKC and any other loss payee.
(c)

Provide and keep in force plate glass insurance covering the glass in the Premises, unless
waived by Lessor.

(d)

If requested by Lessor, provide and keep in force rent insurance (and/or, as the case may
require, use and occupancy insurance) in an amount not less than the then current
Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental plus the estimated annual taxes, water charges,
sewer rents, common area maintenance and other assessments and the annual premiums
for the insurance required by this Article.

(e)

If requested by Lessor or any mortgagee, provide and keep in force insurance for such
other insurable hazards in such amounts as similarly situated Premises are then commonly
insured.

§4.2 POLICIES. Lessee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or policies in the amounts
specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by Lessor.
All insurance maintained by Lessee shall be primary and shall not call into contribution any insurance
maintained by Lessor. All insurance required by Lessor and provided by Lessee shall be carried in favor
of Lessor and Lessee, as their respective interests may appear, and any underlying lessor, fee owner,
affiliate corporation, trustee, mortgagee or other person designated by Lessor. If requested by Lessor,
insurance against fire or other casualty shall provide that the proceeds of any loss shall be payable to the
mortgagee under a standard mortgagee clause. Any rent insurance or use and occupancy insurance
carried by Lessee shall provide that, in the event of loss or damage to the Premises, the proceeds shall be
payable to Lessor to be held by Lessor as security for the payment of the Rent, the Building Improvement
Payments described in Section 6.1 of this Lease and Additional Charges due under this Lease until the
Premises are restored. All insurance shall be obtained from companies licensed to do business in the state
in which the Premises are located and be with insurers with a minimum A. M. Best rating of A- (VIII) or
Standard & Poor’s rating of A-. Lessee shall procure policies for all insurance for periods of not less than
one year and shall deliver to Lessor all policies or certificates of insurance with evidence of payment of all
premiums. Lessee shall procure renewals of these policies from time to time before their respective
expiration dates. All insurance policies shall be non-assessable and shall require thirty (30) days’ notice by
registered mail to Lessor of any cancellation or change affecting Lessor’s coverage under the policies. All
property damage and business interruption policies of Lessee shall contain a waiver of any subrogation
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
6

