12.12. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are inserted
merely for the purpose of convenience and shall not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

“without limitation”; (b) the word “or” is not exclusive; and (c)
the words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereby,” “hereto” and
“hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole. Should any
provision of this Agreement or any Order Form require judicial
interpretation, the parties agree that the court interpreting or
construing the same may not apply a presumption that the
terms of this Agreement will be more strictly construed
against one party than against another.

12.13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding between the Parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as
specifically provided herein, supersedes and merges all prior
oral and written agreements, discussions, and understandings
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Neither of the Parties shall be bound by any conditions,
inducements, or representations with respect to the subject
matter hereof other than as expressly provided for herein,
except where specifically amended through amendments
subsequent in time to this Agreement and mutually signed by
both Parties.

12.16. Further Assurances. Franchisee shall promptly execute
and deliver such instruments, perform such acts, and take such
other actions as Provider may reasonably request to (i)
effectuate the purposes of this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or (ii) otherwise satisfy or cause the satisfaction of
Franchisee’s duties and obligations under this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee
shall promptly provide such assistance to Provider (including
providing access to relevant documents and other evidence
as well as executing and delivering such documents and
performing such other acts) as Provider may reasonably
request to satisfy or cause the satisfaction of any of
Franchisee’s tax-related duties or obligations set forth in this
Agreement.

12.14. Construction. The Parties agree that the terms of this
Agreement result from negotiations between them. Neither
this Agreement nor any Order Form shall be construed in favor
of or against either Party by reason of authorship.
12.15. Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement and
each Order Form, (a) the words “include,” “includes” and
“including” will be deemed to be followed by the words

BKC FDD 01/2026
Exhibit V

13

