resolved through the mediation process. Subject to modifications made pursuant to Section 20.C. below,
the Procedures shall remain valid and enforceable by Franchisee and BKC for the Term of this Agreement.
C.

Modification of Procedures

The terms and conditions of the Procedures shall not be materially modified by
BKC without the express written approval of the Franchisee Advisory Council.
D.

Institution of Legal Proceedings

Franchisee shall not institute any legal or administrative proceeding for claims
arising out of a Development Decision without first attempting to resolve the Development Dispute through
negotiation and non-binding mediation. If the Development Dispute has not been resolved through
negotiation or mediation pursuant to Sections 20.A and Franchisee has not timely elected the optional
binding dispute resolution pursuant to 20.B above, either party may initiate litigation.
21.

MISCELLANEOUS: GENERAL CONDITIONS

A.

Interpretation

The Introduction and the addenda and amendments checked on the page entitled
“List of Attachments” at the beginning of this document shall be considered a part of this Agreement.
Section captions are used only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement
or as a limitation of the scope of the particular Sections to which they refer. Words of any gender used in
this Agreement shall include any other gender, singular words include the plural and plural words include
the singular, in each case where the context requires, and the term “including” as used in this Agreement
means “including but not limited to”.
B.

Non-Waiver

The failure of BKC to exercise any right or option given to it under this Agreement,
or to insist upon strict compliance by Franchisee with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not
constitute a waiver of any terms or conditions of this Agreement with respect to any other or subsequent
breach, nor a waiver by BKC of its right at any time thereafter to require exact and strict compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The rights or remedies set forth in this Agreement are in
addition to any other rights or remedies which may be granted by law.
C.

Governing Law, Forum and Compliance

(1)
This Agreement shall become valid when executed and accepted by BKC.
The parties agree that it shall be deemed made and entered into in the State of Florida and shall be
governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
(2)
Franchisee and BKC acknowledge and agree that the U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial Circuit (or its
successor) in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, shall be the venue and exclusive proper forum in which
to adjudicate any case or controversy arising, either directly or indirectly, under or in connection with this
Agreement except to the extent otherwise provided in this Agreement and the parties further agree that, in
the event of litigation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement in these courts, they will not contest
or challenge the jurisdiction or venue of these courts.
(3)
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Franchisee
shall conduct Franchisee’s business in a lawful manner and faithfully comply with applicable laws or
Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
32

