Table of Contents
Note 18. Segment Reporting and Geographical Information
As stated in Note 1, Description of Business and Organization, we manage four brands: Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and
Firehouse Subs.
Our management structure and information regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”), reflects five operating and reportable segments that reflect our franchisor operations consistent with how
the business will be managed long-term. Additionally, following the Carrols Acquisition and PLK China Acquisition in the second
quarter of 2024, we established a sixth operating and reportable segment, which includes results from the Burger King restaurants
acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition and the PLK China restaurants and will include results from Firehouse Subs Brazil (“FHS
Brazil”) beginning in 2025, to reflect the manner in which our CODM manages and assesses performance of these acquired
businesses. As a result, our six operating and reportable segments consist of the following:
1.

Tim Hortons – operations of our Tim Hortons brand in Canada and the U.S. (“TH”);

2.

Burger King – operations of our Burger King brand in the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of Burger King restaurants
acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition, included in our RH segment (defined below) (“BK”);

3.

Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen – operations of our Popeyes brand in the U.S. and Canada (“PLK”);

4.

Firehouse Subs – operations of our Firehouse Subs brand in the U.S. and Canada (“FHS”);

5.

International – operations of each of our brands outside the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of PLK China and FHS Brazil
restaurants included in our RH segment (“INTL”); and

6.

Restaurant Holdings – operations of Burger King restaurants acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition and the operations of
PLK China and FHS Brazil restaurants (“RH”).

Our measure of segment income is Adjusted Operating Income which represents income from operations adjusted to exclude (i)
franchise agreement and reacquired franchise right intangible asset amortization as a result of acquisition accounting, (ii) (income) loss
from equity method investments, net of cash distributions received from equity method investments, (iii) other operating expenses
(income), net and, (iv) income/expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities. For the periods referenced, income/
expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities included (i) non-recurring fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the Carrols Acquisition and the PLK China Acquisition consisting primarily of professional fees, compensation-related expenses
and integration costs (“RH Transaction costs”); (ii) non-recurring fees and expense incurred in connection with the acquisition of
Firehouse Subs consisting primarily of professional fees, compensation-related expenses and integration costs (“FHS Transaction
costs”); and (iii) non-operating costs from professional advisory and consulting services associated with certain transformational
corporate restructuring initiatives that rationalize our structure and optimize cash movements as well as services related to significant
tax reform legislation and regulations (“Corporate restructuring and advisory fees”).
The following tables present total segment revenues, significant segment expenses that are regularly reviewed by the CODM to
manage and assess segment performance and segment income, as well as depreciation and amortization, (income) loss from equity
method investments, and capital expenditures by segment (in millions). For the periods referenced, segment franchise and property
expenses (“Segment F&P expenses”) for each segment excludes franchise agreement and reacquired franchise rights amortization and
Segment G&A for each segment excludes RH Transaction costs, FHS Transaction costs and Corporate restructuring and advisory fees
(each as defined below). For segment reporting purposes, capital expenditures include payments for additions of property and
equipment during the period, as well as the change in accruals for additions of property and equipment since the prior period. For
2024, capital expenditures for RH excludes $7 million of accruals for additions of property and equipment assumed in connection with
the Carrols Acquisition.

99

