LEASE/SUBLEASE AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT (the “Lease”), is made as of the Lease Date set forth on the Key Contract Data
Page, by and between BURGER KING COMPANY LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the “Lessor”)
and the Lessee set forth on the Key Contract Data Page. The terms “Lessor” and “Lessee” shall mean
respectively “Sublessor” and “Sublessee” whenever the context requires or permits it.
In consideration of the covenants contained in this Lease, the parties agree as follows:
I.
PROPERTY LEASED
§1.1 DEMISE. Lessor leases to Lessee and Lessee leases from Lessor the property set forth on the Key
Contract Data Page (the “Land”) along with the BURGER KING® restaurant (the “Building”) and other
improvements to be constructed on it (collectively called the “Premises”).
Subject to any and all reservations, restrictions, easements, rights of way, limitations and conditions of
record, if any.
§1.2 ERECTION OF BUILDING. Commencement of this Lease is conditioned on the completion of the
Building in accordance with plans and specifications prepared by Lessor’s architect. Lessor has agreed to
construct or contract for the construction of the Building promptly and to complete or contract to complete
it as promptly as conditions will permit, but in any event before one hundred eighty (180) days from the
lease date; provided, however, that this period shall be extended by any time lost in construction due to
delays caused by strike, lockout, acts of God, shortage of materials, or other conditions beyond the control
of Lessor. In the event the Building is not completed within one (1) year from the date of this Lease, this
Lease may be terminated at the option of either party, on fifteen (15) days’ notice to the other party.
§1.3 COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT. The Lessor promises, subject to Lessee’s performance of all
of the terms and conditions of the Lease, that Lessee shall be entitled to the quiet and peaceful enjoyment
and undisturbed possession of the Premises for the term of this Lease.
II.
TERM
§2.1 TERM. The term of this Lease (the “Term”) shall commence upon the Commencement Date set forth
on the Key Contract Data Page and expire at midnight the Original Term Expiration Date set forth on the
Key Contract Data Page unless sooner terminated as provided in this Lease. The Commencement Date
shall be designated by the parties in a form capable of being recorded among the public records of the
county where the Premises are located.
§2.2 POSSESSION. Possession of the Premises shall be delivered to the Lessee on the Commencement
Date.
§2.3 HOLDOVER. Any holdover at the expiration of the Term with the written consent of Lessor shall be
on a month to month basis, which tenancy may be terminated by Lessor giving Lessee not less than fifteen
(15) days’ notice. During such holdover tenancy, Lessee agrees to pay Lessor on a monthly basis all
increased rentals and other charges that would have been due under this Lease and agrees to continue to
be bound by all of the terms of this Lease which are applicable at that time. In the event Lessee holds over
without consent of Lessor, the rent during any holdover period shall be double the average rent that was
due during the last year of the Lease Term.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
1

