also ratifies its authorization for BKC to have filed in any Uniform Commercial Code
jurisdiction any initial financing statements or continuations or amendments thereto if filed
prior to the date hereof.
(iv)
Grantor shall promptly, and in any event within two (2) Business Days
after the same is acquired by it, notify BKC of any commercial tort claim (as defined in the
Code) acquired by it and unless otherwise consented by BKC, Grantor shall enter into a
supplement to this Security Agreement, granting to BKC a security interest and Lien in
such commercial tort claim.
b.
MAINTENANCE OF RECORDS. Grantor shall keep and maintain, at its
own cost and expense, satisfactory and complete records of the Collateral, including a record of any and
all payments received and any and all credits granted with respect to the Collateral and all other dealings
with the Collateral. Grantor shall mark its books and records pertaining to the Collateral to evidence this
Security Agreement and the Liens granted hereby.
c.
INDEMNIFICATION. In any suit, proceeding or action brought by BKC
relating to any Collateral for any sum owing thereunder or to enforce any rights or claims with respect
thereto, Grantor will save, indemnify and keep BKC harmless from and against all expense (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses), loss or damage suffered by reason of any defense, setoff,
counterclaim, recoupment or reduction of liability whatsoever of any account debtor or other Person
obligated on the Collateral, arising out of a breach by Grantor of any obligation thereunder or arising out
of any other agreement, indebtedness or liability at any time owing to, or in favor of, such obligor or its
successors from Grantor, except in the case of BKC, to the extent such expense, loss, or damage is
attributable solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of BKC as finally determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction. All such obligations of Grantor shall be and remain enforceable against and only
against Grantor and shall not be enforceable against BKC. This indemnification provisions shall survive
the termination of this Security Agreement and the repayment of the Obligations.
d.
COMPLIANCE WITH TERMS OF ACCOUNTS, ETC. In all material
respects, Grantor will perform and comply with all obligations in respect of its Collateral and all other
agreements to which it is a party or by which it is bound relating to the Collateral.
e.
LIMITATION ON LIENS ON COLLATERAL. Grantor will not create,
permit or suffer to exist, and will defend the Collateral against, and take such other action as is necessary
to remove, any Lien on the Collateral except Permitted Encumbrances, and will defend the right, title and
interest of BKC in and to any of Grantor’s rights under the Collateral against the claims and demands of
all Persons whomsoever.
f.
LIMITATIONS ON DISPOSITION. Grantor will not sell, lease, license,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral, or attempt or contract to do so except as permitted
hereunder or with the consent of BKC, provided however that the Grantor shall be authorized to sell
Inventory in the ordinary course of business.
g.
FURTHER IDENTIFICATION OF COLLATERAL. Grantor will, if so
requested by BKC, furnish to BKC, statements and schedules further identifying and describing the
Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as BKC may reasonably request, all in
such detail as BKC may specify.
h.
NOTICES. Grantor will advise BKC promptly, in reasonable detail, (i) of
any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or claim made or asserted against any of the Collateral,
and (ii) of the occurrence of any other event which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the
aggregate value of the Collateral or on the Liens created hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z4 (03/2025)
BK#________

8

