Restaurant) commencing on the date of occurrence of the Termination Event and ending on the
earlier of (A) such date as BKC, in its sole and absolute discretion, has verified Completion of the
Midterm Remodel of such Restaurant, or (B) the expiration or earlier termination of the relevant
Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant at which such Midterm Remodel was not Completed by
Franchisee, which for purposes of clarity shall expire (if not earlier terminated) on the expiration
date expressly set forth therein without any extension by reason of the parties’ execution of this
Forbearance Agreement.
f.
The occurrence of a Termination Event shall be deemed an event of default and breach on
the part of the Franchisee under any Reclaim the Flame Master Program Agreement or Reclaim
the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement Franchise Agreement with BKC to which Franchisee is a
party, which shall entitle BKC to terminate any or all such agreements, at BKC’s sole option and
election, without notice or opportunity to cure.
g.
Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event and BKC’s election to exercise its right to
terminate any of Franchise Agreements as set forth above, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees
that they shall have no further right to operate or possess the applicable Restaurants as of the date
upon which the BKC elects to terminate such Restaurants’ Franchise Agreements. Additionally,
BKC shall be entitled, without notice to Franchisee, to the immediate entry of a judgment against
Franchisee for (a) damages for all unpaid sums due and owing under this Forbearance Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreements, (b) permanent injunctive relief with respect to
Franchisee’s operation of the applicable Restaurants, and (c) an award to BKC of reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs incurred by BKC. Franchisee agrees that BKC may prove all such
amounts and facts ex parte by affidavit or declaration, as appropriate.
h.
BKC's failure to terminate this Forbearance Agreement or any Franchise Agreement or to
exercise any other right granted herein upon the occurrence of a Termination Event will not
constitute a waiver or otherwise affect the right of BKC to terminate this Forbearance Agreement
or any Franchise Agreement or to exercise any other rights or remedy based on either a continuing
or subsequent breach or default hereunder.
i.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all rights and remedies of BKC set forth in
this Forbearance Agreement, or otherwise available, are distinct, separate and cumulative, and no
one of such remedies, whether or not exercised by BKC, shall be deemed to be to the exclusion of
the right of BKC to exercise any other remedy.
8.
Release. In consideration for the execution by BKC of this Forbearance Agreement, Franchisee
hereby unconditionally releases, remises, and forever discharges BKC and its parents, affiliates,
subsidiaries, predecessors, counsel, insurers, successors, assigns, employees, officers, directors, and
agents, past or present (“Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action,
demands, damages, costs, suits, debts, covenants, controversies, attorneys’ fees, and any other charges,
whether known or unknown, liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal
or equitable, which Franchisee may have against Released Parties due to any matter, cause, or
circumstance whatsoever from the beginning of the world through the effective date of this Forbearance
Agreement; provided, however, that this release shall in no way release BKC from future obligations to
Franchisee arising after the effective date of this Forbearance Agreement under any franchise agreement
or other agreements. Franchisee further represents and warrants that they have not assigned any of the
matters hereinabove released to any other party, and shall indemnify Released Parties against any claim
that such an assignment exists (including any attorneys’ fees incurred by any of Released Parties in
defending against such claim or in enforcing this indemnification). [THE FOLLOWING LANGUAGE
SHALL ONLY APPLY TO AGREEMENTS FOR RESTAURANTS OR FRANCHISEES IN THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA:] [FRANCHISEE, SPECIFICALLY, AND WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND ADVICE OF
COUNSEL, DOES HEREBY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS AND PROTECTIONS OF THE CALIFORNIA
CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 SET FORTH BELOW. CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 READS
AS FOLLOWS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR
Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement
Exhibit W (03/2025)
5

