SECTION B
REMODEL UPLIFT INFORMATION
In addition to providing the Sales Distribution information above, we have compiled the following
information related to sales uplift information for certain remodeled Traditional Restaurants:
(1)
(2)

Sales Uplift for Remodeled Restaurants
Multi-year Sales Uplift for Remodeled Restaurants

This information should be read together with all the related information about the factual basis
and material assumptions underlying them.
A total of 930 Traditional Restaurants with an estimated CAPEX remodel expenditure of $650,000
or more, were completely remodeled in the United States to our Modern Image standards between January
1, 2018, and December 31, 2023. Of these 930 Traditional Restaurants, 921 of them were open and
operating for the entire 12 month period ended December 31, 2024. Of these 921 Restaurants, 893 had
sufficient data to be included in the “remodel sample” (the “Remodeled Restaurants”). (The 28 Restaurants
that were excluded because they did not have sufficient data were missing construction start and/or
completion dates or complete sales data for the relevant periods.). 9 Restaurants were also excluded because
they permanently closed between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2024. All of the Restaurants that
permanently closed operated for more than 12 months before closing. For purposes of this presentation,
Restaurants remodeled in the Modern Image were remodeled to our current Garden Grill, Pavilion or Sizzle
images.
We reviewed the sales data of the Remodeled Restaurants for the 12 month period immediately
before the start of construction of the remodel and the 12 month period immediately after the remodel
completion date. We then compared the same store sales of each of these Remodeled Restaurants against
BURGER KING Traditional Restaurants sales for the same periods in the same designated marketing area
(DMA) that were not remodeled (the “Control Restaurants”). The Control Restaurants were made up of
other BURGER KING Traditional Restaurants in the applicable DMA that had similar seasonality and same
store sales trends as the Remodeled Restaurants, but excluded any Remodeled Restaurant or any Restaurant
that opened after January 1, 2016. All of the charts below provide sales uplift information as compared
against the Control Restaurants. The Control Restaurants have been operating between 7 and 70 years
depending upon the Restaurant.
When in this section we refer to “Full” remodels, we are referring to Restaurants where the existing
structure of the building was maintained, while the interior and exterior was upgraded to our Modern Image
standards. When we refer to “Scrape & Rebuild” remodels, we are referring to Restaurants where the
existing structure was demolished and the Restaurant was rebuilt to our Modern Image standards in the
same location.

Item 19
03/2025

Page 95

