AMENDMENT TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ENTITY)
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
Burger King Restaurant # __________
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of North Dakota:
1.
The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and
unequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the
franchisee to sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement. Therefore, any
requirement that the franchisee signs a release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is
deleted.
2.
The Franchise Agreement is revised to provide that covenants not to compete are
generally considered unenforceable in the state of North Dakota.
3.
The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and
unequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the
franchisee to consent to the jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota. Therefore, any
references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement that the franchisee consents to the
jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota are deleted.
4.
The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and
unequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the
franchisee to agree to arbitration or mediation of disputes at a location that is remote from the site
of the franchisee’s business. Therefore, any references in the Franchise Agreement to any
requirement that the franchisee consents to arbitration or mediation located outside of North
Dakota are amended to include the following:
“Pursuant to the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, the site of
arbitration or mediation shall be agreeable to all parties and may not be
remote from your place of business.”
5.
Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent to a
waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are deleted.
6.
Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent to a
waiver of trial by jury are deleted.
7.
Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the
laws of the State of North Dakota.
8.
The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and
expenses, including attorney’s fees.
9.
Any references in the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisee to consent to
termination penalties or liquidated damages are deleted.

State of North Dakota Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)

