RECLAIM THE FLAME
MASTER PROGRAM AGREEMENT
THIS RECLAIM THE FLAME MASTER PROGRAM AGREEMENT (the “Program Agreement”) is made
as of this _____ day of ________________, 20__, by and between BURGER KING COMPANY LLC, a Florida
limited liability company (“BKC”); and the individual, individuals, entity, and/or entities whose names are set forth in
the column labeled “Franchisee” in the table in Section 1 below (collectively, the “Franchisee”).
BKC has established the Reclaim the Flame Program, under which certain existing Burger King franchisees
are offered the opportunity to earn incentives by completing a Reclaim the Flame remodel (as described herein) (a
“RTF Remodel”) on certain restaurant(s) they operate by certain deadlines (as provided herein) (the “Reclaim the
Flame Remodel Program”). Franchisee has indicated a desire to participate in the Reclaim the Flame Remodel
Program for the Restaurants (as hereinafter defined) on the terms set forth in this Program Agreement and BKC
has determined that Franchisee is qualified to participate in the Reclaim the Flame Remodel Program. Franchisee
desires to conclude the RTF Remodel(s) for all the Restaurants by the applicable Remodel Deadlines set forth
below.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual terms, conditions and covenants hereinafter set forth
and for other good and valuable consideration which each of the parties hereto acknowledge is sufficient to create
a binding agreement, the parties agree as follows:
1.
Restaurants; Remodel Deadlines. Franchisee agrees to participate in the Reclaim the Flame Remodel
Program for the following restaurants which Franchisee hereby commits to remodel through the Reclaim the Flame
Remodel Program (each, a “Restaurant”). Franchisee further commits to successfully complete the required RTF
Remodel(s) of each Restaurant by the “Remodel Deadline” for such Restaurant specified in the following
schedule:
BURGER
KING®
Restaurant
#

Franchisee

Address

Remodel
Deadline

Royalty
Rate

RTF Remodel Type
(Check One):

(see
Section
5(b)(ii))

Upgrade

Full

TOTAL REMODEL COMMITMENT: ____ Restaurant(s) ( ___ Restaurant(s) in 2023; ___ Restaurant(s) in 2024).
Franchisee shall obtain all other required operational and legal consents and approvals necessary for each
Restaurant specified by Franchisee to participate in the Reclaim the Flame Remodel Program
2.
Pre-Inspections. Prior to the commencement of any RTF Remodel of any Restaurant, BKC at BKC’s sole
option, may conduct an inspection of such Restaurant, and may issue a Facility Inspection Report (“FIR”) to
Franchisee. Franchisee hereby grants BKC and its representatives, including without limitation, BKC’s
Construction Managers and Directors/Senior Directors of Construction and employees of The Steritech Group,
Inc., reasonable access during normal business hours to each specified Restaurant’s facilities for purposes of
conducting its initial inspections and conducting inspections throughout the construction process. If BKC elects to
inspect and issue an FIR, then BKC’s designated construction manager shall provide Franchisee an initial FIR via
email, which shall initially not include the equipment portion of the FIR, and, in such event, BKC shall provide
Franchisee the final FIR via email, which shall include the equipment portion of the FIR. In such event, Franchisee
shall then review such final FIR for completeness and accuracy, and Franchisee hereby acknowledges that such
FIR completely and accurately reflects the condition of the Restaurant as of the date stated in such FIR, unless
and to the extent Franchisee notifies BKC otherwise in writing. For purposes of this Program Agreement, including
but not limited to, determining the extent of a RTF Remodel and the successful completion thereof, if BKC elects
to issue an FIR, then the final FIR issued to Franchisee shall control.
Reclaim the Flame Master Program Agreement
Exhibit N1 (03/2025)

1

Scrape/
Rebuild

