6.1.6 The knowing and intentional submission by Developer of any applications which contain
false or misleading statements or omission of any material fact.
6.2
Cure. In the event of a Development Default, Developer may cure such Development Default as
follows: (i) open the number of Franchised Restaurants necessary to cure the Development Default within
thirty (30) days from the end of the Shortfall Development Year (each, a “Cure Period”); or (ii) pay to BKC
at the time of the Development Default the remaining balance of the franchise fee (that is, the franchise fee
owed minus any Franchise Fee Deposit paid) multiplied by the number of Franchised Restaurants that
Developer failed to develop pursuant to the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule for that
Shortfall Development Year only. In the event Developer elects to cure the Development Default as
described in this Section 6.2(ii), BKC shall extend the Opening Date for such Franchised Restaurants to a
date which in no event is greater than six (6) months from the end of the Shortfall Development Year (the
"Extended Cure Period"). BKC shall also extend Site Approval and Construction Approval for those
Franchised Restaurants until the end of the Extended Cure Period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the cure set forth in this Section 6.2(ii) is a one-time cure that may only be elected once by
Developer during the Term of this Agreement. Further, failure to open the number of Franchised
Restaurants necessary to achieve the Cumulative Opening Target by the end of the Cure Period, or the
Extended Cure Period, as the case may be shall result in the immediate termination of this Agreement by
BKC without further notice, in which event Developer shall forfeit all amounts paid under this Agreement.
6.3
Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement by BKC or if at the time of expiration of this
Agreement Developer has not achieved the Cumulative Opening Target for the final Term Year, any rights
granted to Developer pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate and Developer shall forfeit all amounts
paid under this Agreement.
ARTICLE VII: INDEMNIFICATION/INSURANCE
7.1
Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to
third parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations
of Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury,
illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, indemnify
and save BKC and BKC's officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, accountants, predecessors,
subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies harmless of, from and with respect to any such claims,
demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney's fees). BKC shall notify Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall be given
the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense, BKC may
defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay to BKC all costs, including
attorney fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense. BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement
shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute,
ordinance, regulation or other law.
7.2
Insurance. Developer shall procure the insurance coverage provided for in BKC’s standard form
of Franchise Agreement as disclosed in BKC’s then-current Franchise Disclosure Document, prior to the
commencement of construction of a Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain such insurance coverage
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.
ARTICLE VIII: BK MCLAMORE FOUNDATION
Developer shall participate in the fundraising and charitable efforts of the BK McLamore Foundation (the
“Foundation”). Developer agrees to purchase at least one (1) One Thousand Dollar ($1,000.00) scholarship
for each Franchised Restaurant during each year of the term of the Franchise Agreement for the Franchised
Restaurant at the time specified by the Foundation.

Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive)
Exhibit C2 (03/2025)
6

