set forth in this Section 4.3.1 shall result in automatic and immediate revocation of the relevant Site
Approval without any requirement of notice from BKC to Developer.
4.3.2 BKC assumes no liability or responsibility for: (a) evaluation of an approved site’s soil for
hazardous substance; (b) inspection of any structure on the approved site for asbestos or other
toxic or hazardous materials; (c) compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”);
or (d) compliance with any other applicable law. It is Developer’s sole responsibility to obtain
satisfactory evidence and/or assurances that the approved site (and any structures thereon) is free
from environmental contamination and in compliance with the requirements of the ADA.
4.3.3 If Developer proposes to lease or sublease the approved site, the lease or sublease shall
not contain any covenants, use clauses or other obligations that would prevent Developer from
performing its obligations under the applicable Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised
Restaurant.
4.3.4 Developer shall cause each new Franchised Restaurant to be constructed, equipped and
furnished in accordance with plans and specifications approved by BKC, in its sole discretion (the
“Approved Plans and Specifications”). Developer shall be responsible for procuring its own
architectural and engineering services and all necessary approvals and permissions from the
relevant governmental authorities and other third parties. Prior to commencing construction of a
new Franchised Restaurant, Developer shall obtain from BKC prior written architectural and design
approval of the Developer’s Approved Plans and Specifications (hereinafter referred to as
“Construction Approval”) as indicated by BKC’s issuance of a restaurant number (“BK #”) for
such Franchised Restaurant. Any subsequent material changes to the Approved Plans and
Specifications must be approved by BKC’s Vice President of Development and Senior Director of
Construction. BKC must approve the type of facility, site layout, and equipment configuration for
each new Franchised Restaurant to be developed hereunder, including the building design, style,
size and interior décor, as well as the type of equipment, service format and equipment
arrangement for any new Franchised Restaurant, which may be changed, amended or modified by
BKC from time to time. The above notwithstanding, Developer shall be responsible for constructing
the new Restaurant in accordance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, ordinances,
codes, permits, and regulations.
4.3.5 BKC assumes no liability for the adequacy of any Approved Plans and Specifications.
Developer assumes all cost, liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping the
Franchised Restaurant. It shall be Developer’s responsibility to have prepared Approved Plans and
Specifications to suit the shape and dimensions of the approved site, and Developer shall ensure
that the Approved Plans and Specifications comply with applicable ordinances, ADA requirements,
building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions. Developer
shall obtain and use only registered architects, registered engineers, and professional and licensed
contractors who demonstrate to BKC’s reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet BKC’s reasonable
quality standards (as determined by BKC in its reasonable discretion), in each case, to prepare the
Approved Plans and Specifications (including surveys and site and foundation plans), to adapt the
Approved Plans and Specifications to applicable local, state, or federal laws, codes, permits,
regulations or ordinances, and to construct the Franchised Restaurant. Developer shall bear all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of all Approved Plans and
Specifications including the costs and expenses incurred for any plans containing deviations or
modifications from BKC’s standard plans and specifications. For the avoidance of any doubt, the
Franchised Restaurant may not open if construction has not been performed in substantial
compliance with the Approved Plans and Specifications as approved by BKC. BKC may terminate
this Agreement if such non-compliance is not cured within a commercially reasonable amount of
time.
4.4
No Franchise Without Site Approval. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as obligating
BKC to grant a Developer Franchise Agreement for any site which has not been approved in accordance
with this Agreement. No Franchised Restaurant may open, nor be counted in determining Developer’s
5
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M1 (03/2025)

