(b)
For the purpose of determining compliance with this Agreement,
BKC shall have the right at any time to examine and approve the form and content of the articles or
certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Corporation (the “Governing Instruments”).
(c)
The Corporation shall issue Voting Common Stock and may issue
either Non-Voting Common Stock or Non-Voting Preferred Stock. The Corporation may not issue both
Non-Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Preferred Stock. As used herein, the term “Non-Voting Stock”
refers to the Non-Voting Common Stock or the Non-Voting Preferred Stock and the term “Stock” refers
collectively to Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Stock.
(d)
Franchisee shall own one hundred percent (100%) of the
outstanding shares of Voting Common Stock. The Operating Partner must remain the owner of not less
than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Voting Common Stock after any transfer or issuance
of shares of the Corporation.
(e)
Shares of Non-Voting Stock may be issued to, owned and held
only by the spouse and/or children of the Franchisee (“Immediate Family Member”) and key employees of
Franchisee’s franchised BURGER KING Restaurant(s). Prior to the issuance of any and all Stock,
Franchisee shall take all steps reasonably necessary to comply with applicable state and federal laws and
regulations including any applicable disclosure requirements.
(f)
A Corporation issuing Non-Voting Stock shall adopt and use the
provisions set forth in BKC's “Guidelines For The Preparation Of Corporate Governing Instruments” (the
“Corporation Guidelines”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by Franchisee.
(g)
Neither the governing instruments nor any other agreement shall
grant to owners of shares of Non-Voting Stock the ability to prevent the approval of an action otherwise
approved by the owners of all the shares of Voting Common Stock.
(h)
Franchisee shall cause the Corporation to comply with the
provisions of this Agreement, including the Corporation Guidelines and the Governing Instruments. If the
Corporation fails or is unable to comply with these provisions, including the provisions limiting the voting
rights of owners of shares of Stock, the provisions limiting the number of owners of Voting Common Stock,
the provisions limiting the payment of dividends and the provisions requiring redemption or repurchase of
shares of Stock, then the Franchisee shall take action to cause substantial compliance, which action may
include the purchase by Franchisee of shares of Non-Voting Stock and, if Franchisee fails or is unable to
cause substantial compliance, then BKC may declare Franchisee and the Corporation in default under this
Agreement and any other Agreement similarly affected by Franchisee’s failure or inability.
(i)
Immediate Family Members and key employees shall not be
required to become personally liable for the performance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement as
a result of their ownership of shares of Non-Voting Stock.
(j)
Under the provisions set forth in the Corporation Guidelines, the
Governing Instruments shall require that the Corporation shall redeem Non-Voting Stock at such time as
the holder ceases to be a key employee or an Immediate Family Member.
(k)
No shares of Stock may be pledged, mortgaged, hypothecated,
given as security for an obligation or in any manner encumbered.
(l)
Any sale, transfer, assignment or issuance of shares of Voting
Common Stock shall be subject to BKC's approval. In the case of an acquisition of additional shares by
the Operating Partner, this requirement shall be satisfied by BKC being given written notice describing the
Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
19

