by crediting any account of Franchisee or reducing any financial obligation of Franchisee to BKC or its
Affiliates.
F.

Audit of Advertising Contributions

Not more than once annually, the Franchisee Association shall have the right,
following reasonable notice to BKC, to audit BKC's fiscal year-end results with regard to the income and
expenditures of the Advertising Contribution received by BKC for BURGER KING restaurants located in the
U.S.A. The audit shall be conducted in accordance with the criteria established by BKC following
consultation with the Franchisee Advisory Council. The audit shall be at the sole cost of the Franchisee
Association unless (i) the audit discloses a misappropriation of funds or (ii) a discrepancy resulting from an
accounting error, which is in excess of three percent (3%) of the total annual Advertising Contribution
received by BKC, in either of which events BKC shall reimburse the Franchisee Association for the
reasonable costs of the audit. Only records of the past two fiscal years will be produced for the audit. The
results of the audit will be made available, on request, to Franchisee. Franchisee shall have no independent
right to audit, provided however, if no Franchisee Association exists, franchisees owning collectively at least
thirty percent (30%) or more of all BURGER KING franchisee-owned and operated restaurants in the U.S.A.
shall have the right to audit under the same terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9.F.
G.

Alternative Method Of Payment

BKC may, at its option, require payment of the royalty or advertising and sales
contribution or both by making direct monthly withdrawals in the form of an electronic or similar funds
transfer in the appropriate amount(s) from Franchisee’s bank account. In the event that this option is
exercised, Franchisee agrees to execute and deliver to its bank and to BKC those documents necessary
to authorize such withdrawals and to make payment or deposit as directed by BKC. Franchisee further
agrees that it will not thereafter terminate such authorization so long as this Agreement is in effect.
Franchisee agrees that it will not close such bank account without prior notice to BKC and the establishment
of a substitute bank account permitting such withdrawals. Franchisee also agrees that in the event that a
direct electronic funds transfer or other withdrawal program is not available at the bank at which it currently
does its business, it will take all reasonable and necessary steps to establish an account at a bank which
does have such a program. In addition, BKC may require payment of Royalty, Advertising Contribution and
any other fees required to be paid pursuant to this Agreement using BKC’s internet web portal called “BK®
ePay”, or any other electronic or digital payment method that BKC may require in the future.
H.

No Set Off

The Royalty and Advertising Contribution must be paid in full free of any
deductions or set-off whatsoever (except withhholding Tax if required to be withheld from the relevant
payment by applicable laws).
10.

ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES: RIGHT OF AUDIT
A.

Accounting

Franchisee agrees to keep true, accurate and complete records of its business in
such form as BKC now or hereafter may require and to furnish BKC with a monthly and fiscal year to date
profit and loss statement in the format prescribed by BKC. Franchisee shall also submit to BKC quarterly
balance sheets, the first of which shall be for the period ending three (3) months after the Franchised
Restaurant opens. All profit and loss statements and balance sheets should be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and shall be submitted to BKC within twenty-five (25) days
after the end of the period covered by the report. In addition, Franchisee shall retain for a period of at least
twenty-four (24) months and upon request submit to BKC copies of all state sales tax returns and all
supporting data and records relating to sales made at or from the Franchised Restaurant and such other
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#_______
12

