2.

SUBJECT MATTER
2.1

Transfer of Purchased Assets.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement, at
Closing, BKC shall sell, convey, transfer, assign and deliver, BKC’s interest in the Purchased
Assets, and BUYER shall purchase the Purchased Assets located at or related to each of the
Restaurants.
2.2

Purchased Inventory.

BUYER acknowledges that: (i) BKC owns the Purchased Inventory located at each
Restaurant, (ii) the Purchased Inventory is in fact saleable and usable in the ordinary course of
the Restaurant’s business, and (iii) BUYER may need to order additional Inventory at some or all
of the Restaurants in order to commence operations at Takeover in accordance with the
Standards
2.3

Restaurant Bank.

Upon Takeover, BKC shall leave $1,500 cash at each of the Restaurants for the
benefit of BUYER. The total, aggregate amount of cash left by BKC at all Restaurants for the
benefit of BUYER at Takeover is known as the “Restaurant Bank Amount.” BUYER
understands and agrees that the Restaurant Bank Amount is not included in the Purchase Price
and BUYER agrees to reimburse BKC for the Restaurant Bank Amount at Closing.
2.4

Liabilities Assumed.

BUYER agrees to assume the Executory Contracts and all of BKC’s obligations
and liabilities thereunder in all respects. At Closing, BUYER shall be required to execute an
Assignment and Assumption of Executory Contracts in the form attached hereto as Exhibit “B-5”
wherein BKC assigns the Executory Contracts to BUYER and BUYER assumes BKC’s liability
under these Executory Contracts.
3.

CLOSING

The Closing shall take place on the Closing Date at such time and place as shall be
mutually agreed upon by the Parties. BKC and BUYER agree that the delivery of the Purchased
Assets and the effective date for each of the Ancillary Agreements shall be the Takeover Date.
4.

PURCHASE PRICE AND PAYMENT

The Purchase Price is $______________($USD). On the Closing Date, BUYER shall pay
the Purchase Price, plus or minus the following by wire transfer to BKC’s account as directed by
BKC on the Closing Date:
(i)

plus or minus net pro-rations (as hereinafter provided), including, without limitation,
the adjustments in Section 12 of this Agreement;

(ii)

plus the amount of any sales or transfer taxes to be collected under Section 12 of
this Agreement; and

Asset Purchase Agreement
Exhibit G3 (03/2025)

5

