and the date of expiration of the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant. The Midterm Remodel
Forbearance Agreement is included at Exhibit W.
Prior Programs. In the past, we have offered programs under which various fees were reduced.
Although we no longer offer these programs, because Franchisees in these programs must sign
various agreements under the program, we have included these documents as Exhibits L1 – L3,
N1 – N2, S1 – S2, and T1 – T2.
If you are remodeling your Restaurant under the BKoT Incentive Program and you are unable to
include a Double Drive Thru at the Restaurant due to your inability to (a) obtain permitting from
the appropriate government agency, (b) obtain approval from your landlord, or (c) accommodate
the Double Drive Thru due to site restrictions at the Restaurant, we will reduce the number of years
of both the Royalty and Advertising Contribution incentive.
If you do not successfully complete a Reclaim the Flame remodel of a Restaurant by the applicable
remodel deadline, then you must pay to us an increased royalty fee under your current Franchise
Agreement for that Restaurant at a royalty rate equal to the sum of the rate payable immediately
before the remodel deadline under the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant plus 3.0% on all
Gross Sales commencing on the applicable remodel deadline and ending on the date we have
verified successful completion of the remodel of that Restaurant in accordance with the Reclaim
the Flame Master Program Agreement. The various agreements under the program that you must
sign are included at Exhibits N1 and N2.
Development Agreement.
For each Restaurant opened under a Development Agreement, we may offer reduced royalty rates
from those in our then-current form of Franchise Agreement. Under our operational performance
evaluation system known as the “Franchise Success System” or “FSS” (see Item 5), we assign a
letter grade of “A”, “B”, “D”, or “F”. The “FSS Development Grade” is the average of all of your
FSS grades, as we determine, received in the 12-month period preceding our issuance of the BK #
for a Restaurant.
For each Restaurant (other than an “Excess Restaurant” as defined in the Development Agreement)
opened under the Development Agreement, you must sign our then-current form of Franchise
Agreement, and the reduction from the then applicable Base Fee amount of royalty rate for that
Restaurant will be as follows depending on the FSS Development Grade we assign for that
Restaurant:
FSS
Development
Grade

Reduction from then current Base Fee amount of Royalty
Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Year 6

Year 7
and After

A or B

2.5%

2.0%

1.5%

1.0%

0.5%

0.5%

None

D or F

None

None

None

None

None

None

None

For each “Excess Restaurant” (as defined in the Development Agreement) opened under the
Development Agreement, you must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, and the

Item 6
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 32

