due within fifteen (15) days written notice from BKC that such additional amounts are due. All fees
charged by the landlords of the underlying payable leases resulting from BKC’s grant of a
sublease to BUYER under the Leases shall be the responsibility of BUYER.
12.

ADJUSTMENTS
12.1

General.

If necessary and pertinent to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, the
BUYER and BKC agree to adjust and pay their respective pro-rata share of, as of the date of
Takeover, any or all rent, sewer charges, water charges, public utility service charges, fuel
charges, pre-paid items and other pro-ratable charges attributable to the operation of the
Restaurants. BKC will be liable to the extent any items to be pro-rated under this Section 12.1
relate to any time period up to and including the Takeover and BUYER will be liable to the extent
any items to be pro-rated under this Section 12.1 relate to any time period after the Takeover.
12.2

Property Taxes.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the parties acknowledge and
agree that the Lease for each Restaurant shall govern and control BUYER’s obligation with
respect to the payment of Property Taxes. The parties further acknowledge and agree that
Property Taxes for the year of Closing will be prorated between BKC and BUYER so that BUYER
is responsible for such Property Taxes attributable to the period following the Closing Date.
Following Closing, BKC shall invoice BUYER and BUYER shall reimburse BKC for its
proportionate share of the Property Taxes in accordance with the terms of the Leases. Following
Closing, BUYER shall pay all Property Taxes in accordance with the terms of the Leases. If there
is a conflict between this Section 12.2 and any of the provisions of the Leases, the provisions
contained in the Leases will control.
13.

EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

It is understood and agreed that all Persons employed at the Restaurant are, prior to
Takeover, the employees of BKC. BKC agrees to be responsible for the payment to all such
employees for all wages due and owing to them up to the date of Takeover. Any employees still
clocked in at 11:59 p.m. on the Closing Date will be clocked out by BKC if they do not clock out
themselves. Thereafter, BKC shall no longer be deemed to be the employer of these Persons,
and BUYER shall be fully responsible for any labor performed by these Persons after Takeover.
BKC’s only remaining responsibility to these Persons shall be to pay them any vacation pay which
has been fully earned, and unpaid, as of the date of Takeover. The BUYER shall not be required
to hire any of BKC’s former employees subsequent to Takeover. To the extent transferable, BKC
may, at its sole option, transfer to BUYER its unemployment experience relating to the
Restaurants.
14.

WAIVER OF BULK SALES COMPLIANCE

The BUYER agrees to waive any formal requirements of the Bulk Sales Law of the state
in which the Restaurants are located. BKC represents and warrants to the BUYER that the
Purchased Assets are free and clear of all debts and encumbrances and that any trade bills or
other obligations owed as a result of the operation of the Premises prior to the date of Takeover
shall be paid in full as they fall due.
Asset Purchase Agreement
Exhibit G3 (03/2025)

9

