behalf of itself and BKC, to obtain copies of such books and records from all Persons whose
approval is required.
8.
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Co-Branded Facility, the following section is hereby
added to Section 12 of the Franchise Agreement:
The FRANCHISEE shall not own, control, or have any interest in any other business,
including, without limitation, any Co-Branded Business.
9.
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Co-Branded Facility, the following section is hereby
added to Section 13.A of the Franchise Agreement:
With respect to each Co-Branded Business, FRANCHISEE shall cause each Co-Branded
Business to obtain Comprehensive General Liability insurance, including Products Liability and
Broad Form Contractual Liability, in such amount as BKC may reasonably request. If
FRANCHISEE or any Operator dispenses or sells beer or wine from a Co-Branded Business, such
insurance shall be endorsed to include coverage for liabilities arising out of the dispensing or selling
of alcoholic beverages imposed under any law, including without limitation, a dram shop or alcoholic
beverage control act. Each policy will name BKC and its subsidiaries, its Affiliates and parent
companies as additional insureds, will provide that the policy cannot be canceled without Thirty
(30) days prior written notice to BKC, and will insure against the liability of BKC for both
FRANCHISEE'S and employees and agents of the Co-Branded Business's acts or omissions.
Before the Commencement Date, FRANCHISEE shall furnish, or shall cause the Co-Branded
Business to furnish, to BKC Certificates of Insurance reflecting that the insurance coverage is in
effect pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
10.
Section 13.E for the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the
following:
E.
FRANCHISEE is responsible for all losses or damages and contractual liabilities
to third persons arising out of or in connection with possession, ownership or operation of the
Franchised Restaurant, the Common Areas and the other businesses operated on the premises,
and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death of persons
directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. FRANCHISEE agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC
and its subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies harmless from, against and with respect to
any such claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts, damages,
penalties, fines, settlements and causes of action, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel (hereinafter, "Claims"), unless resulting from the negligence of BKC.
BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or
concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law. The
indemnification of BKC by FRANCHISEE shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required
under Section 13.A or 13.B. This indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited to, claims
related to the employment of FRANCHISEE'S employees. This obligation of FRANCHISEE to
indemnify and defend BKC is separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under
the provisions of Section 13.A and 13.B.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, FRANCHISEE agrees to defend, indemnify and
save BKC and its subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies harmless from, against and with
respect to any Claims (including environmental consultant and laboratory fees and costs and
expenses of investigating and defending any Claims) resulting from or attributable to (i) the
presence, disposal, migration, release or threatened release of any hazardous substance that is
on, from or affecting the Premises, including the soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal
property, persons or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including wrongful death) or property damage
(real or personal) arising out of or relating to such hazardous substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2025)
BK #_________
9

