5.

LIMITATIONS OF FRANCHISE. The following is added as Section 11.A(5) of the Agreement:

(5)
Franchisee represents, warrants and agrees that it will not use, adopt or
transfer and will not allow any parent, subsidiary, Owner, Affiliate or other related person or entity to use, adopt,
or transfer any proprietary information, “know how”, expertise or operational format obtained with respect to
the BURGER KING System for purposes other than the operation of the Franchised Restaurant or other
BURGER KING Restaurant operated under franchises granted to Franchisee by BKC. The Franchisee
acknowledges that the proprietary information of BKC includes, without limitation, trade secrets, menus, food
preparation and distribution, operational systems and equipment layout.
6.
ASSIGNMENT/TRANSFER: CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS. The following paragraphs replace
Section 15 of the Agreement:
A.

Transfer by Franchisee

(1)
Except with the prior written consent of an authorized officer of BKC as
provided in Section 15.F below, Franchisee shall not (a) directly or indirectly sell, assign, convey, give away,
or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or delegate any of its duties hereunder, (b)
sell, assign, transfer, convey or give away substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant, or (c)
sell, assign, transfer, convey or give away or otherwise grant or deliver any additional equity interests in the
Franchisee.
(2)
No holder of shares of stock or other equity interests in the Franchisee, in any
Owner or in any Managing Owner shall directly or indirectly sell, assign, convey, give away, mortgage, pledge,
hypothecate, or otherwise transfer or encumber any legal or beneficial interest in such stock or equity interest
without the prior written consent of BKC.
(3)
Except as provided in Section 15.D below, Franchisee shall not directly or
indirectly mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, give as collateral for an obligation, or otherwise encumber its rights
or obligations under this Agreement.
B.

Notice of Proposed Transfer

In the event that the Franchisee seeks BKC's consent to a transfer prohibited under Section
15.A, the Franchisee shall notify BKC in writing of any proposed transfer of such an interest referred to in
Section 15.A, as applicable, before the proposed transfer is to take place, and shall provide such information
and documentation relating to the proposed transfer as BKC may reasonably require.
C.

Right of First Refusal

(1)
Any sale, attempted sale, assignment, or other transfer of the interests
described in Section 15.A without first giving BKC the right of first refusal described in Section 16 shall be void
and of no force and effect, and shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 18.A(19).
(2)
If BKC does not exercise its option under Section 16, Franchisee may
conclude the sale to the purchaser who made the offer provided BKC's consent to the assignment or sale is
first obtained as provided in Section 15.F below.

Corporate Addendum
Exhibit J1 (03/2025)
BK#_________
4

