(b)

Conduct of Audit. Each Environmental Audit shall be conducted (i) only after advance
notice thereof has been provided to Lessee at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date
of such audit, and (ii) in a manner reasonably designed to minimize any interference with
the conduct of Lessee’s business on the Premises. Lessor shall repair any damages to the
Premises or to Lessee’s personal property caused by any Environmental Audit conducted
by or on behalf of Lessor.

(c)

Submission to Governmental Agency. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease
to the contrary, to the extent required by law, Lessor shall be entitled to submit the results
of any Environmental Audit to any federal, state or local governmental agency having
jurisdiction over (a) the Premises or (b) Hazardous Substances with respect to the
Premises.

§16.5 REMEDIATION.
(a)

By Lessee. If any Environmental Audit of the Premises (whether conducted by Lessor,
Lessee or any third party) shall recommend the cleanup, abatement, removal, disposal,
monitoring or further testing, including medical monitoring or testing (collectively
“Remediation”) of or for any Hazardous Substances found on or about the Premises, then
Lessor shall provide Lessee with a copy of such Environmental Audit and Lessee shall
promptly commence such Remediation.

(b)

By Lessor.
If, within thirty (30) days after receiving a copy of such Environmental Audit and such written
statement, Lessee fails either (i) to complete such Remediation, or (ii) with respect to any
Remediation which cannot be completed within such thirty-day period, fails to proceed with
reasonable diligence to complete such Remediation as promptly as. practicable, then the
Lessor shall be entitled to provide a copy of the Environmental Audit to any federal, state;
or local governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises or Hazardous
Substances.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Lease to the contrary, if any Environmental Audit
reveals a situation which, in Lessor’s sole opinion, constitutes an emergency, then Lessor
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to carry out any Remediation recommended by
such audit or if required by any federal, state or local governmental agency having
jurisdiction over the Premises. If Lessee is responsible for conducting such remediation,
Lessor shall have the right to recover all of the costs and expenses thereof from Lessee
as Additional Charges pursuant to Section 3.4 of this Lease.

(c)

Actions and Proceedings. Except in emergencies or as otherwise required by law, Lessee
shall not perform any Remediation in response to the presence or release of any
Hazardous Substances on or about the Premises without first giving written notice to
Lessor. Lessee shall not enter into any settlement agreement, consent decree or other
compromise with respect to any claims relating to any Hazardous Substances in any way
connected with the Premises without first notifying Lessor of Lessee’s intention to do so
and affording Lessor the opportunity to participate in any such proceedings.

§16.6 REMEDIATION BY THIRD PARTIES.
(a)

If Lessee receives a request from a third party to enter the Premises for the purposes of
Remediation of Hazardous Substances, then Lessee shall so notify Lessor in accordance
with the provisions of Section 16.2 above.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK #_____
27

