purchased from us or our affiliate, the cost of which will vary based on the condition and number of
BURGER KING Restaurants included in the sale.
Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program.
If we have accepted you into the Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program, you will commit to
complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel for certain Restaurants by remodel deadlines we set. If you qualify
for this program, you must sign our Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement (Exhibit X1) and any
other documents we require. If you successfully complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel by the required
deadline and sign a successor Franchise Agreement for the remodeled Restaurant (which will require you
to purchase additional term year(s)), the successor franchise fee for that Restaurant will equal $2,500 per
year for each additional year purchased (rounded up to the whole year). Under the Reclaim the Flame 2
Remodel Program, you must purchase a number of additional term years for a remodeled Restaurant such
that the total number of years (inclusive of the original term remaining on your Franchise Agreement and
the additional years purchased in the successor franchise agreement) are equal to 20 years from the
applicable remodel deadline or, in the case of a Restaurant at which you lease the premises from BKC only,
the lesser number of years that BKC owns, leases, or controls the premises where the Restaurant is located.
The various agreements under the program that you must sign are included at Exhibits X1 – X3.
Prior Incentive Programs
In the past, we have offered various programs under which various fees were reduced. Although
we no longer offer these programs, because Franchisees in these programs must sign various agreements
under the program, we have included those documents at Exhibits L1 – L3, N1 – N2, S1 – S2, and T1 –
T2.
Other Initial Fees
Franchise Fee Deposit.
You must sign a TRA (Exhibit C1) or an MTRA (Exhibit C2) if you wish to specify “Target
Area(s)” (as defined in the TRA or MTRA) to search for potential sites to develop one or more Restaurants.
When you sign the TRA, you pay a deposit of $5,000 (“TRA Deposit”) for the Restaurant opening
committed. When you sign the MTRA, you pay a deposit of $10,000 (“MTRA Deposit”) multiplied by the
number of Restaurant openings committed. These amounts may be different if you are signing an MTRA
or TRA under one of the programs described above. You may want to pursue more targets than the number
of Restaurant openings committed to in the TRA or MTRA. We may grant you approval to pursue
additional Target Areas without requiring an additional deposit. The MTRA will typically grant you more
Target Areas than Restaurant openings that you commit to. We will credit the TRA Deposit or MTRA
Deposit against the initial franchise fee upon opening of the Restaurant, assuming the franchise fee is greater
than the TRA Deposit or MTRA Deposit. We may waive the deposit for Institutional Target Areas and in
limited special situations. Under the MTRA and TRA the deposit will be non-refundable, unless you decide
not to exercise your option to develop a Restaurant in the Target Area that we have proposed to you for
development either for ourselves or for a third party. In this case, we can terminate the TRA or MTRA, as
applicable, and refund your remaining deposit. Failure to utilize a Target Area due to 1) our disapproval
of the Site within the Target Area or disapproval of a Target Area in an MTRA; 2) significant real estate
constraints; 3) development of a neighboring restaurant rendering the Target Area economically unviable;
or 4) failure to obtain permits, will result in the deposit being applied to a substitute Target Area.

Item 5
03/2025, as amended 01/2026

Page 22

