pricing mechanism) provided, however, that such amount per share shall not exceed: (i) the aggregate of
net income and net losses reported to the Internal Revenue Service less taxes paid or payable, dividends
previously paid, declared or accrued and prior redemptions and repurchases of shares of capital stock of
the Corporation, divided by (ii) the total number of shares of Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such proposed repurchase.
Provisions Regarding Non-Voting Preferred Stock
A.
The aggregate number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is (corporation will insert number), to be divided into two classes consisting of (insert
number) shares of a class designated “Preferred Stock”, of the par value of (insert number) per share, and
(insert number) shares of a class designated “Common Stock”, of the par value of (insert number) per
share.
B.
So long as the Corporation is the assignee of any BURGER KING Franchise, the relative
rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of each class are as follows:
1.

Preferred Stock

The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, with such designation
or title, in such number of shares and with the relative rights and preferences (a) as may be fixed by
resolution of the Board of Directors without further action by shareholders, (b) as may be fixed by the
shareholders, or (c) as set forth below; provided, however, that in no event will holders of outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock have rights more extensive than the following:
(a)
Holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall be either (1) a member of the immediate family
(which consists of the spouse and children) of the holders of the shares of Common Stock or (2) a “key
employee” of the Corporation.
(b)

Shares of Preferred Stock shall not be convertible into shares of Common Stock.

(c)
Except with respect to amendments to this instrument which adversely affect the relative
rights and preferences of holders of shares of Preferred Stock, for any action on which the holders of shares
of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote under applicable law, the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock so entitled to vote shall vote, for these purposes only, with the holders of outstanding shares of
Common Stock, and the maximum vote which all such holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall have is
25% of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock, taken as a
whole, entitled to vote on such action.
(d)
Upon liquidation, dissolution or distribution of the assets of the Corporation, the holders of
all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive more than 25% of the proceeds
upon such liquidation, dissolution or distribution; provided, however, that in no event will the holders of
shares of Preferred Stock be entitled to receive upon liquidation, dissolution or distribution of assets any
interest in the BURGER KING Franchise other than an interest in the proceeds from any disposition thereof.
2.

Common Stock

(a)
Common Stock shall only be issued to and held by those natural persons who are approved
as franchisees by Burger King Company LLC. No more than five natural persons may hold shares of
Common Stock. If a holder of shares of Common Stock is not a natural person approved by Burger King
Company LLC, the shares of Common Stock so held shall be subject to repurchase pursuant to Section 3.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
42

