BURGER KING Restaurants in the market area (DMA) in which the Franchised Restaurant is located elect
to close on the holiday.
H.

Uniforms

All employees shall only wear uniforms of such design and color as are from time
to time specified by BKC.
I.

Advertising and Promotional Materials

Only those advertising and promotional materials or items which are authorized by
BKC in writing prior to use shall be used, sold or distributed, and no display or use of the BURGER KING
Marks shall be made without the prior written approval of BKC. All materials on which the BURGER KING
Marks are used must include the designation or such other designation as BKC may specify. Franchisee
must, immediately upon receipt of notice from BKC, remove or discontinue the use, publication, display,
sale and distribution of any advertising or promotional material, slogans, and any material on which the
BURGER KING Marks appear, which BKC has not approved or has ceased to use.
J.

Right of Entry and Inspection

BKC shall have the unrestricted right to enter the Franchised Restaurant to
conduct such activities as it deems necessary to ascertain Franchisee’s compliance with this Agreement.
The inspections may be conducted without prior notice at any time when Franchisee or one of Franchisee’s
employees is at the Franchised Restaurant. The inspections will be performed in a manner which minimizes
interference with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.
K.

Management of Franchised Restaurant

Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Operating Partner must have successfully
completed the Initial Training and must successfully complete the Continuing Operations Training as
required by BKC from time to time pursuant to Section 8.A of this Agreement. If the Operating Partner is
also the Operating Partner of other BURGER KING Restaurants, then Franchisee must, at all times during
the Term, designate at least one (1) individual who is responsible for the direct, on-premises supervision of
the Franchised Restaurant (the “Restaurant Manager”); otherwise, the Operating Partner shall be the
Restaurant Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, if Franchisee designates as the Restaurant Manager an
individual other than the Operating Partner as permitted under this Section 5.K., such designation does not
in any manner limit, waive, or modify any of the requirements for the Operating Partner set forth in Sections
3(A), 3(B), 3(C) or 3(D) above.
L.

BURGER KING Foundation

Franchisee shall participate in the fundraising and charitable efforts of the
BURGER KING Foundation (the “Foundation”). Franchisee agrees to purchase at least one (1) One
Thousand Dollar ($1,000) scholarship for the Franchised Restaurant during each year for the duration of
the Term at the time specified by the Foundation.
If the Franchised Restaurant participates in the fundraising and charitable efforts
of the Foundation, Franchisee agrees to hold any money raised on behalf of the Foundation (the “Charitable
Funds”) in trust for the benefit of the Foundation until such Charitable Funds are distributed to the
Foundation. Franchisee further agrees that (a) the Charitable Funds are not property of the Franchisee
and (b) it shall not use the Charitable Funds for any purpose whatsoever, other than for turning over such
Charitable Funds to the Foundation.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
7

