in its discretion deploy from time to time. Such loyalty programs may be deployed by
Provider via one or more Digital Platforms, for in-restaurant transactions, or a
combination of the foregoing (as determined by Provider in its discretion). Such loyalty
program management services by Provider may include (but are not limited to) the
following:









Develop loyalty program strategy, terms and conditions, reward types and
amounts, tiers, methods of earning and redeeming rewards (including but not
limited to via phone number, payment card number, short code, QR code, NFC
code, SMS, etc.), and prizes.
Develop, maintain, and manage databases of existing and prospective loyalty
program members.
Purchase and manage hardware, software, and associated technologies and
services necessary to deploy and execute the loyalty program.
Manage the crediting and debiting of points, rewards, etc. for loyalty program
members.
Analyze data and information generated from loyalty program activities.
Collect and respond to guest feedback.
Engage in advertising activities and communications with, and launch
promotions and marketing campaigns geared towards, existing and prospective
loyalty program members (including but not limited to personalized offers,
tailored messaging, unexpected benefits, redemption program, brand currency,
etc.).

The following shall apply to the Cloud Services (unless otherwise required by applicable
laws, rules, or regulations or any applicable operating system):








Obligations of Franchisee:

User Interface (UI) and User Experience (UX) are intended to be the same across the
App and the Website
The App will be deployed for use via iOS and Android
Restaurant locator function to include the following:
o Locations within a configurable search radius
o Ability to search using city, town, or postal code
o Map and list view with link to Google directions
o Detail view for each Restaurant showing configurable attributes (e.g.
hours, drive-thru availability, Wi-Fi)
Menu function to include the following:
o Category and item view of the standard restaurant menu
o Nutritional information
Offers (including coupon) function to include the following:
o Display of offers with description and item image in both list view and full
view
o Ability to lock offers for display only to registered users
o Ability for the optional display of “more info” such as offer terms and
conditions

Franchisee shall ensure compliance with, and shall be solely responsible for, all of the
following:
 Implementing and maintaining Franchisee’s point-of-sale system, menu database,
discounts and offers (including coupons), network, system or related changes, as
applicable, in each case, in full compliance with the Franchise Contracts.
 Maintaining at all times internet connectivity at each Restaurant (including
connectivity to the systems and networks of the point-of-sale and Delivery
Application providers), subject to temporary downtime or loss of connectivity
caused by the Restaurant’s internet provider’s interruptions, deficiencies,
degradations, or delays.

BKC FDD 01/2026
Exhibit V

2

