BURGER KING Restaurant, Co-Branded Facility:
A BURGER KING Restaurant authorized and approved by BKC to be developed at a site that
includes one or more Co-Branded Businesses.
Co-Branded Business(es):
One or more business concepts, such as retail gas stations, food service, convenience stores,
other franchised businesses or restaurants or other similar facilities, which are located at the
Premises where the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated.
Mall Locations:
A Mall Location is either a Traditional Restaurant, Non-Traditional Restaurant, or an In-Line
Restaurant located within a facility that contains multiple retail concepts, including goods and food
outlets.
Institutional Locations:
Institutional locations include government building and facilities, medical facilities, airports, train
and bus stations, sports facilities, factories, corporate campuses, turnpikes, limited access toll
roads, theme parks, zoos, casinos, and educational facilities.
Common Areas:
The areas of the Premises which may be shared by the Franchised Restaurant and the other
businesses operated on the Premises, if any, including but not limited to seating areas, parking,
restrooms, garbage and storage areas, fountain drinks station and the like.
Operator:
Any Person (except for FRANCHISEE and FRANCHISEE'S principals and employees) who owns,
operates, controls or maintains a business located on the Premises during the Term of the
Franchise Agreement.
Person:
Any natural person, corporation, unincorporated organization, trust, joint-stock company, joint
venture, association, company or partnership.
Premises:
The real estate, site, building and improvements, more particularly described on Exhibit C to this
Addendum, where the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated. The Premises includes the
Common Areas.
2.

Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
1.

FRANCHISE GRANT: TERM AND LOCATION

BKC grants to FRANCHISEE and FRANCHISEE accepts a franchise for the duration of
the Term (defined below) to use the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING marks only
in the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant at the location described on the Key Contract Data
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit E1 (03/2025)
BK#__________
2

