BURGER KING® RESTAURANT
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as
of the effective date set forth on the Key Contract Data page, by and between Burger King Company LLC,
a Florida limited liability company (“BKC”), and the franchisee identified on the Key Contract Data page
(“Franchisee”).
INTRODUCTION
A.
BKC is the owner of certain trademarks and service marks, including BURGER KING® and
HOME OF THE WHOPPER®, which are registered or pending with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, and is the owner of other trademarks and service marks authorized for use in BURGER
KING Restaurants (the “BURGER KING Marks”).
B.
BKC is engaged in the business of operating and granting franchises to operate restaurants
(“BURGER KING Restaurants”) using the BURGER KING Marks and a uniform and comprehensive
restaurant format and operating system developed by BKC and its predecessor (the “BURGER KING
System”), including a standardized design, decor, equipment system, color scheme, style of building and
signage, as well as uniform operating and quality standards, specifications and procedures of operation,
and uniformity of product and services offered, including all provisions of the Manual of Operating Data, as
amended from time to time (the “MOD Manual”).
C.
Franchisee desires to acquire a franchise to operate a BURGER KING Restaurant at the
Premises for the entire Term specified in this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges receipt of a copy of
the Franchise Disclosure Document of BKC and Franchisee has had a full and adequate opportunity to be
thoroughly advised of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by financial and legal counsel of
Franchisee’s own choosing at least fourteen (14) calendar days prior to its execution, and is entering into
this Agreement after having made an independent investigation of BKC's operations and not upon any
representation as to the profits and/or sales volume which Franchisee might be expected to realize, nor
upon any representations or promises by BKC which are not contained in this Agreement.
In consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
1.

FRANCHISE GRANT: TERM AND LOCATION

BKC grants to Franchisee and Franchisee accepts a franchise for the duration of the Term
(defined below) to use the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks only in the operation of
a BURGER KING Restaurant at the location described on the Key Contract Data page attached to this
Agreement and incorporated by reference herein (the “Franchised Restaurant”). For the avoidance of doubt,
the term “Franchised Restaurant” includes the real estate described on Exhibit A (the “Premises”), the
restaurant building and all buildings and improvements constructed thereon wherever the context permits
or requires. The term of this Agreement shall be for the period of time set forth on the Key Contract Data
page unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the “Term”) and shall
commence on the Commencement Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date. In the event of a dispute
over the date that the Franchised Restaurant opens for business, the records maintained by BKC shall
control and be dispositive. Franchisee agrees to operate the Franchised Restaurant at the specified
location for the entire duration of the Term. Franchisee accepts this franchise with the full and complete
understanding that the franchise grant contains no promise or assurance of renewal. The sole and entire
conditions under which Franchisee will have the opportunity of obtaining a Successor Franchise Agreement
at expiration are those set forth herein in Section 17. This franchise is for the specified location only and
does not in any way grant or imply any area, market or territorial rights proprietary to Franchisee.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
1

