(iv)
If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council are unable to agree on the
Media Mix, BKC shall have the right, in its sole business judgment, to establish the Media Mix. If BKC
unilaterally establishes the Media Mix as provided above, BKC shall in no event spend more than ten
percent (10%) of the prior fiscal year's national Media expenditures for new Media channels and any such
new Media channel(s) must be accessible to no less than two-thirds (2/3) of the then established areas of
dominant influence in the United States.
(v)
BKC shall use reasonable efforts to meet the Media Spending Goal,
subject to circumstances beyond its control; provided, however, that BKC shall spend no less than sixtyfive percent (65%) of the total annual Advertising Contribution on Media.
(vi)
The annual expenditure on public relations shall not exceed one-half of
one percent of the total annual Advertising Contribution.
(vii)
Certain advertising funds shall be allocated for approved grand opening
promotions in accordance with current company policy.
(viii)
From time to time, BKC may seek support from FRANCHISEE, and all
other franchisees in the Designated Marketing Area (“DMA”) where the Franchised Restaurant is located,
for an Investment Spending Program (“ISP”). In the event that 66.7% or more of the other franchised and
BKC-operated company restaurants in the DMA where the Franchised Restaurant exists execute binding
ISP contracts which commit such other franchisees to place a fixed monthly dollar amount or a percentage
of their Gross Sales into an ISP account with such money to be spent on local DMA marketing initiatives in
a given year, then in such case, Franchisee shall execute an ISP contract on exactly the same terms.
Franchisee acknowledges that the terms of the ISP contracts may change from year to year but that under
no circumstances will any IS contract (1) bind the Franchisee to pay more than 2% of their Gross Sales into
an ISP fund; or (2) bind the Franchisee for a term longer than one year.
C.

Gross Sales

The term “Gross Sales” as used in this Agreement includes all sums charged by
Franchisee for goods, merchandise or services sold at or from the Franchised Restaurant, including all
premiums unless exempted by BKC. The sale of BURGER KING products away from the Franchised
Restaurant is not authorized; however, should any such sales be approved in the future, they will be
included within the definition of Gross Sales. Gross Sales excludes any federal, state, county or city Tax,
excise Tax, or other similar Taxes collected by Franchisee from customers based upon sales, and cash
received as payment in credit transactions where the extension of credit itself has already been included
in the figure upon which the Royalty and Advertising Contribution is computed.
D.

Late Charge

Any Royalty and Advertising Contribution not paid when due shall bear a late
charge at the maximum rate allowed by Florida law or, if no maximum rate relating to this transaction is in
effect in the State of Florida, 18% per annum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to mean that
Franchisee is to pay, or has contracted to pay, any sum in excess of that which may lawfully be charged or
contracted for under any applicable law. The intention of the parties is to conform strictly to applicable
usury laws and it is agreed that if an excess is inadvertently collected it shall be applied to reduce the
amount owed under Sections 9.A. and 9.B. above.
E.

Payment; Credits

All payments required to be made to BKC under this Agreement shall be made in
Miami, Florida, or at such addresses and to such parties as BKC may designate in writing from time to time.
BKC may, in its sole discretion, elect to pay any amount owed by BKC or any of its Affiliates to Franchisee
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#_______
11

