that may be mandated by BKC at any time during the Term in addition to the methods and technology BKC
currently uses or authorizes (individually an “Additional Digital System” and collectively, the “Additional
Digital Systems”); and (b) add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and software in connection with the
Additional Digital Systems. To the extent any products and services related to an Additional Digital System
are owned by BKC or provided to Franchisee by BKC, BKC may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. BKC
shall be the sole owner of all direct and related rights and assets, including software and hardware,
intellectual property and all data generated by the Additional Digital Systems, but excluding hardware or
equipment Franchisee purchases directly for the purpose of gaining access to an Additional Digital System.
BKC may use the data generated by the Additional Digital Systems (1) to analyze customer trends, (2) to
market BKC-developed goods and products to all customers or specific customer(s), (3) to reward loyal or
repeat customers, (4) to provide the data to third parties, and (5) for such other purposes as BKC deems
appropriate in its sole discretion. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that all net profits received by BKC
from providing the data generated by the Additional Digital Systems to third parties shall be the sole property
of BKC. If BKC requires Franchisee to use an Additional Digital System, then Franchisee shall comply with
BKC’s requirements for connecting to and utilizing such technology in connection with Franchisee’s
operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee will install and implement any Additional Digital System
required by BKC within the reasonable time specified by BKC.
E.

Vending Machines, Etc.

Public telephones, newspaper racks, juke boxes, cigarette, gum and candy
machines, rides, lottery ticket terminals, video games or any other games, or vending or amusement
machines will not be installed at the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written approval of BKC. In
the event such items are installed at the Franchised Restaurant, then all sums received by Franchisee in
connection with these items shall be included within “Gross Sales” as defined herein.
F.

Menu and Service

(1)
All menu items, including promotional and premium products, which BKC
may deem appropriate to take full advantage of the potential market and achieve standardization in the
BURGER KING System will be served, and no items which are not set forth in the MOD Manual or otherwise
authorized and approved by BKC in writing will be served. Franchisee shall only sell the approved menu
items at retail to consumers from and through the Franchised Restaurant and shall not sell such items for
redistribution or resale. Franchisee shall adhere to all specifications contained in the MOD Manual or as
otherwise prescribed by BKC as to ingredients, methods of preparation and service, weight and dimensions
of products served, and standards of cleanliness, health and sanitation.
(2)
Franchisee shall notify BKC in writing within twenty-four hours of any
investigation or violation, actual or alleged, concerning any health or sanitary laws or regulations that results
in a failing score from the governmental authority, a closure of the Franchised Restaurant or a threatened
closure of the Franchised Restaurant, or that constitutes a critical food safety violation as set forth in the
MOD Manual (each, a “Food Safety Incident”). Upon the occurrence of any Food Safety Incident,
Franchisee shall take any actions directed by BKC or any governmental authority concerning such
investigation or violation. All food, drink and other items will be served and sold in packaging that meets
BKC's specifications. Only food, supplies, paper products and packaging from sources approved by BKC
shall be used in the Franchised Restaurant.
G.

Hours of Operation

The Franchised Restaurant shall be open for business at a minimum from 6:00
A.M. to 12:00 A.M., Monday through Saturday and 7:00 A.M. to 12:00 A.M. on Sunday, fifty-two (52) weeks
a year, unless otherwise authorized or directed by BKC or unless prohibited by applicable law. The
Franchised Restaurant may be closed on Thanksgiving Day and/or Christmas Day if a majority of the

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
6

