(3)
At the time of re-entry, BKC shall be paid, in full, all sums past due and
owing under this Agreement and any agreement related to the Franchised Restaurant, as well as any past
due sums related to products or supplies sold by BKC for use in the Franchised Restaurant, including any
pre- and post-petition amounts due from any franchisee with regard to the Franchised Restaurant which is
the subject of a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law affecting the rights
of creditors generally.
(4)
Transferor must take possession of and acquire control and dominion over
substantially all of the tangible real and personal property associated with the operation of the Franchised
Restaurant.
I.
During the period of time in which Transferor remains liable pursuant to
Section 15.G above, BKC shall use reasonable efforts to send simultaneous copies of notices of default
under this Agreement to Transferor. Transferor shall use reasonable efforts to send simultaneous copies
of notices of default under any installment payment due to Transferor from Transferee. Failure of either
party to provide copies of the notices of default shall not be an event of default under the terms of this
Agreement. Transferor shall be afforded the same opportunity to cure as is set forth in the Notice of Default.
J.
In addition, Franchisee agrees that, prior to acquiring any other BURGER KING
Restaurant franchise which may be offered to Franchisee for sale or which Franchisee may offer to
purchase, such franchise will first be offered to BKC on the same terms, conditions and price in accordance
with Section 16.
K.
The proposed transferor shall notify BKC in writing of any proposed transfer of an
interest referred to in this Section 15 before the proposed transfer is to take place, and shall provide such
information and documentation relating to the proposed transfer as BKC may reasonably require.
L.
BKC's consent to a transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have
against the transferring party, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of BKC's right to demand exact compliance
with any of the terms of this Agreement by the transferor or transferee.
16.

RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

A.
In the event Franchisee, any one (1) or more individual or partner comprising
Franchisee, any one (1) or more Affiliates of Franchisee, or any one (1) or more Affiliates of any individual
or partner comprising Franchisee wishes to accept a bona fide offer from a third party to purchase the
Franchised Restaurant or any portion thereof or interest therein, Franchisee shall give BKC written notice
setting forth the name and address of the prospective purchaser, the price and terms of the offer together
with a franchise application completed by the prospective purchaser, a copy of the Purchase and Sale
Agreement, executed by both Franchisee and purchaser, and all exhibits, copies of any real estate
purchase agreement or agreements, proposed security agreements and related promissory notes,
assignment documents, title insurance commitment and any other information that BKC may request in
order to evaluate the offer. BKC or its Affiliates shall then have the prior option to purchase the interests
covered by the offer at the price and upon the same terms of the offer. If the consideration is not money,
the purchase price shall be cash equal to the fair market value of the consideration. BKC shall have twenty
(20) business days, excluding weekends and Federal holidays, after receipt of the notice of offer and the
furnishing of all reasonably requested information within which to notify Franchisee, such individuals or
partners comprising Franchisee, or such Affiliates, as applicable, of BKC’s or its Affiliate’s intent to exercise
its right hereunder. Silence on the part of BKC shall constitute rejection. If the proposed sale includes
assets of Franchisee not related to the Franchised Restaurant or the operation of other franchised BURGER
KING Restaurants, BKC or its Affiliate may, at its option, elect to purchase only the assets related to the
operation of franchised BURGER KING Restaurants and an equitable purchase price shall be allocated to
each asset included in the proposed sale. A bona fide offer from a third party includes any transfer, sale,

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026)
BK#______
25

