have a material adverse effect; or if you made any materially false representation or warranty to us under
the loan.
If you default, we may, at our election, accelerate and require that you immediately pay all accrued
and unpaid amounts outstanding (Security Agreement – Section 6 and Promissory Note – Section 5). We
can also take possession of the collateral, sell it and apply the proceeds against what you owe us after
deducting any costs we incur. A default under this loan will be deemed a default under the Franchise
Agreement, which may be grounds for termination of your franchise (subject to state law) (Promissory Note
– Section 20). You must also pay our costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and collection
costs, to enforce the Security Agreement and Promissory Note (Security Agreement – Section 1 and
Promissory Note – Section 17).
You must grant us a general release as a condition to participating in the Crown Your Career
Program (subject to state law). You waive your right to reduction or set-off (Promissory Note – Section
10). You waive presentment, demand, protest and notices of every kind and assent to any extension or
postponement of the time of payment or any other indulgence, to any substitution, exchange, or release of
collateral, and to the addition or release of any other party or person primarily or secondarily liable on the
loan (Promissory Note – Section 11). Any disputes concerning the loan must be venued in Miami-Dade
County, State of Florida and you waive your right to assert improper venue (Security Agreement – Section
16 and Promissory Note – Section 13). You also waive your right to a jury trial (Security Agreement –
Section 17 and Promissory Note – Section 14).
The current form of agreements under the program (including Promissory Note and Security
Agreement) as of the issuance date of this disclosure document are included at Exhibits Z1 – Z4).

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

4898-7959-3772, v. 1

Item 10
03/2025

Page 53

