 
2 
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not 
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the 
override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, 
individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the 
financial statements.  
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:  
• 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures 
include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements.  
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.  
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the 
financial statements.  
• 
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that 
raise substantial doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable 
period of time.  
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters 
that we identified during the audit. 
 
Los Angeles, California 
February 20, 2025 
 
