 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
7 
01/25 
 
unless you have satisfied the conditions in Section 5.3; however, our consent will not be unreasonably withheld.  
If there is a change in the Opening Date not caused by us, you will reimburse us for any costs and expenses 
we incur due to that delay, including costs for travel, lodging, meals and wages. If you do not open the 
Franchised Restaurant for business by the Opening Date and we do not extend the deadline, we will have the 
right to terminate this Agreement under Section 19.1.2. 
5.3 
Right to Open the Franchised Restaurant.  We will not authorize the opening of the 
Franchised Restaurant unless all of the following conditions have been met: 
5.3.1 
You are not in material default under this Agreement; you and your affiliates are not 
in material default of any other agreements with us or our affiliates; you and your affiliates are not in default 
beyond the applicable cure period under any real estate lease, equipment lease or financing instrument relating 
to the Franchised Restaurant; and you are not in default beyond the applicable cure period with any vendor or 
supplier to the Franchised Restaurant. 
5.3.2 
You, your affiliates and your 10% Owners are current on all obligations due to us. 
5.3.3 
We are satisfied that the Franchised Restaurant was constructed substantially in 
accordance with the Plans authorized by us, this Agreement and state and local codes and that you have hired 
and trained a staff as required by this Agreement and the System. 
5.3.4 
If the Franchised Location is leased or subleased, we have received a copy of the fully-
executed lease or sublease. 
5.3.5 
You have obtained a certificate of occupancy and all other required building, utility, 
sign, health, safety, fire department, sanitation and business permits and licenses. 
5.3.6 
You have certified to us, in writing, that all furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signage, 
computer terminals, artwork/wall graphics and related equipment, supplies and other items are in place. 
5.3.7 
You have certified to us, in writing, that all furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signage, 
computer terminals, artwork/wall graphics and related equipment, supplies, other items and the color scheme 
in the Franchised Restaurant conform to our specifications. 
5.3.8 
You (or your Operating Principal) and those of your employees designated by us have 
attended and successfully completed (as determined by us in our sole discretion) the ITP (as defined in Section 
9.1.1). 
5.3.9 
You have provided us with copies of all insurance policies required by, and in 
compliance, with Section 12.12 and evidence of payment of premiums as we may reasonably request. 
5.3.10 You have provided us a Grand Opening Plan (as defined in Section 8.1) at least 60 
days prior to the opening of the Franchised Restaurant. 
6. 
Fees. 
6.1 
Initial Franchise Fee.  No later than the date you sign this Agreement, you must pay us an 
initial franchise fee in the amount set forth in Exhibit A (“Initial Franchise Fee”).  You acknowledge and 
agree that the Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us when this Agreement is signed by you and is not 
refundable for any reason. 
