 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025  
 
INDIANA 
 
Item 13 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), we will not accept any rebates from any person with whom you 
do business or associate in relation to transactions between you and the other person, other than for 
compensation for services rendered by us, unless the rebate is properly accounted for and submitted to you. 
 
Item 17 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes it unlawful for us to unilaterally terminate your Franchise Agreement 
unless there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not in bad faith. 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits us to require you to agree to a prospective general release of claims 
subject to the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.t. of the FDD is amended to include the following: 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, you do not waive any right under the Indiana 
Statutes with regard to prior representations made by us. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.v. of the FDD is amended to include the following: 
 
Litigation regarding Franchise Agreement in Indiana; other litigation in the Franchisor’s Choice of Law 
State. This language has been included in this Franchise Disclosure Document as a condition to registration. 
The Franchisor and the Franchisee do not agree with the above language and believe that each of the 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, including all venue provisions, is fully enforceable. The Franchisor 
and the Franchisee intend to fully enforce all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and all other 
documents signed by them, including but not limited to, all venue, choice-of-law, arbitration provisions and 
other dispute avoidance and resolution provisions and to rely on federal pre-emption under the Federal 
Arbitration Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.w. of the FDD is amended to include the following: 
 
Indiana law applies to disputes covered by Indiana franchise laws; otherwise Franchisor’s Choice of Law 
State law applies.  
 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and 
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the FDD OR the Franchise Agreement, 
if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the Franchise 
without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined under law as including any material 
breach of the Franchise Agreement, will supersede the provisions of the Franchise Agreement 
relating to termination for cause, to the extent those provisions may be inconsistent with such 
prohibition. 
3. 
The covenant not to compete that applies after the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement for any reason modified to the extent necessary to comply with Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-
1 (9). 
 
