 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
17 
01/25 
 
12.5 
Your Development of System Improvements.  If you develop any new concepts, processes, 
improvements (including new menu items or ingredients) or materials relating to the System or any other 
developments relating to the System, you must promptly notify us and provide us with all information 
regarding the new concept, process, improvement, development or material, all of which will become our 
property and may be incorporated into the System without any payment to you.  You, at your expense, promptly 
must take all actions deemed necessary or desirable by us to vest in us ownership of those concepts, processes 
or improvements. 
12.6 
Sourcing of Products and Services. 
12.6.1 We have the right to require that all food and non-food products, supplies, equipment 
and services that you purchase for use, sale or resale in the Franchised Restaurant:  (a) meet specifications that 
we establish from time to time; (b) be purchased only from suppliers to whom we have consented (which may 
include us and our affiliates); and/or (c) be purchased only from a single source or from a limited number of 
designated sources (which may include us and our affiliates).  To the extent that we establish specifications, 
require our consent to suppliers or designate specific suppliers for particular items, we will publish our 
requirements in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  We have developed and may continue to develop certain 
proprietary food products that will be prepared by or for us according to our proprietary special recipes and 
formulas, and you agree to purchase those food products developed by us pursuant to a special recipe or 
formula only from us, our affiliates or a third party designated and licensed by us to prepare and sell those 
products.  We may create purchasing restrictions to control the quality and selection, and ensure the 
consistency, of menu items, ingredients and other merchandise; to consolidate System purchases to reduce 
costs or ensure availability of products; or for other valid business reasons. 
12.6.2 You may not engage in “grey market” activities in which you take advantage of any 
group purchasing arrangements for Taco Cabana Restaurants to purchase products that you then resell to 
purchasers outside of the System or use in a business outside of the System. 
12.6.3 We and our affiliates may earn income on sales of products, ingredients and/or 
supplies to you.  If we or our affiliates receive any rebates, commissions or other payments from third-party 
suppliers based on your purchases from them, we may retain the rebates, commissions or other payments.  You 
agree that we are entitled to that income and consideration. 
12.6.4 If you would like to purchase other products or services from a supplier to whom we 
have not consented, you must submit a written request for consent.  We have the right to inspect the proposed 
supplier’s facilities and test samples of the proposed products.  You agree to pay to us a reasonable fee, not to 
exceed the actual cost of the inspection and testing the proposed product or evaluating the proposed supplier, 
including personnel and travel costs, whether or not the product or supplier is authorized.  We have the right 
to grant, deny or revoke consent to products, services and suppliers at any time upon written notice to you.  We 
will notify you of our decision as soon as practicable following our evaluation.  We reserve the right to 
reinspect the facilities and products of any authorized supplier and revoke acceptance upon the supplier’s 
failure to meet any of our then-current criteria. 
12.7 
Upkeep of the Franchised Restaurant.  You must maintain the interior and exterior of the 
Franchised Restaurant and all fixtures, furnishings, signs and equipment in first-class condition and in the 
highest degree of cleanliness, orderliness, sanitation and repair in accordance with the requirements of the 
System and the Manual and the lease or sublease for the Franchised Location (if applicable).  Expenditures in 
connection with signage (including point of sale, exterior and interior signage) and equipment (including 
equipment needed to prepare new menu items) are considered a maintenance expenditure (whether for repair 
or replacement) under this Section rather than a refurbishment expenditure under Section 12.8.  There is no 
limitation on the amount that you may be required to spend for repairs and maintenance.  You may not make 
