 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
5 
 
by us when you sign the relevant Franchise Agreement and is not refundable for any reason and is not 
credited against any other fees to be paid to us. 
During our last fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, we did not receive any Initial Franchise 
Fees. 
Development Fee 
When you sign a Development Agreement, you must pay us the full Initial Franchise Fee for the 
first Taco Cabana Restaurant you plan to develop and a development fee (“Development Fee”) equal to 
$10,000 for each subsequent Taco Cabana Restaurant that you agree to develop at the time you sign the 
Development Agreement. The Development Fee is fully earned by us when you sign the Development 
Agreement and is not refundable for any reason. In addition, the Development Fee is intended to 
compensate us for other forgone opportunities in the development area (“Development Area”) and is not 
credited against any other fees to be paid to us by you. 
With respect to each Taco Cabana Restaurant to be developed by you under the Development 
Agreement, you will execute the standard form of Franchise Agreement in general use at the time that we 
accept the site for the applicable Taco Cabana Restaurant, which may materially differ from the form of 
Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit C. 
During our last fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, we did not collect any Development Fees. 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
Type of Fee (1) 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Royalty 
5% of your Fiscal Period 
(4) Gross Sales. 
Weekly 
See Note (3) for a definition of Gross 
Sales. 
Additional 
Training 
 
$250 per day per trainer 
As incurred 
You must also pay all travel, living, 
and other expenses incurred by you 
(or your Operating Principal), your 
managerial personnel, and your 
employees while attending any 
additional training programs. If the 
training occurs in a location where our 
trainer must travel, you must also pay 
travel, living, and other expenses 
associated with the trainer’s travel. 
Refresher Training 
 
$250 per day per trainer 
As incurred 
You must also pay all travel, living, 
and other expenses incurred by you 
(or your Operating Principal), your 
managerial personnel, and your 
employees while attending any 
refresher training programs. If the 
training occurs in a location where our 
trainer must travel, you must also pay 
travel, living, and other expenses 
associated with the trainer’s travel. 
Additional 
Assistance 
$500 per day per 
franchisor employee 
As incurred 
If the training occurs in a location 
where our trainer must travel, you 
