 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
6 
01/25 
 
4. 
Lease Provisions.  You must obtain our consent to the proposed sublease, lease or purchase contract 
(collectively, “lease”) for the Franchised Location prior to its execution.  The lease must, in form and substance, 
be satisfactory to us and may not contain any covenants or other obligations that would prevent you from 
performing your obligations under this Agreement. In addition, the landlord and you must execute our standard 
Lease Addendum, the current form of which is attached as Exhibit C.  The insurance required in Section 12.12 
must be in effect when you take possession of the Franchised Location 
Our consent to the lease does not constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or 
implied, as to its fairness or suitability or as to your ability to comply with its terms, and we do not assume any 
liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties due to our consent.  You must deliver a copy of the fully 
signed lease to us within 7 days after its execution.  You may not begin construction of the Franchised 
Restaurant until we have received a copy of the fully-executed lease. 
5. 
Construction of Franchised Restaurant; Opening Date. 
5.1 
Restaurant Development. 
5.1.1 
You assume all cost, liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping 
the Franchised Restaurant.  We may provide you prototypical plans and specifications for a Taco Cabana 
Restaurant, which you must adapt, at your cost, to suit the shape and dimensions of the Franchised Location 
and you must ensure that your proposed plans for the Franchised Restaurant (“Plans”) comply with all 
applicable ordinances, building codes and permit requirements, lease requirements and restrictions and the 
Americans with Disabilities Act.  You must use only registered architects, engineers and professional and 
licensed contractors, each of whom must be approved by us.  You must submit the Plans to us and revise the 
Plans as we require.  Once we consent to the Plans, you may not change them unless you again obtain our 
consent.  You may not submit the Plans to your local government agency or begin site preparation or 
construction before we have notified you, in writing, that we have consented to the Plans.  You may not 
commence construction until you have obtained all required permits and licenses.  We have no obligation to 
visit the Franchised Location during the course of construction, but if we choose to do so, you must (and require 
your architect, engineer, contractors and subcontractors to) cooperate fully with us and our representatives. 
5.1.2 
Since you, and not us, will be constructing the Franchised Restaurant, you will have 
the ability to keep track of the construction on a regular basis.  We make no representation or warranty 
regarding the construction of the Franchised Restaurant or compliance with those laws, ordinances and/or 
regulations that may be applicable to the Franchised Restaurant, the Plans and your construction of the 
Franchised Restaurant. 
5.2 
Opening Date. 
5.2.1 
You must open the Franchised Restaurant for business at the Franchised Location no 
later than 180 days after we have consented to the proposed site (“Opening Date”).  By the Opening Date, 
you must:  (a) obtain and maintain all required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, business and other 
applicable permits and licenses; (b) construct all required improvements to the Franchised Location and 
decorate the exterior and interior of the Franchised Restaurant as required by the Plans to which we have 
consented; (c) purchase or lease and install all specified and required fixtures, equipment, furnishings and signs 
for the Franchised Restaurant from suppliers designated or consented to by us (which may include us and our 
affiliates); and (d) purchase an opening inventory for the Franchised Restaurant of only authorized products 
and other materials and supplies. 
5.2.2 
You must notify us at least seven days before the anticipated opening date and the 
date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy.  Upon our request, you must submit a copy of the certificate 
of occupancy to us.  You may not open for business without our prior written consent, which will not be granted 
