 
Taco Cabana Lease Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
01/25 
 
EXHIBIT C 
TACO CABANA LEASE ADDENDUM 
THIS ADDENDUM to the Lease Agreement dated as of   
 
 
 
 
(“Lease”) between  
 
 
 
 (“Landlord”) 
and 
_________________________ 
(“Tenant”) is entered into as of the effective date of the Lease. 
RECITALS: 
Pursuant to the Lease, Landlord will lease or has leased to Tenant certain real property as defined in 
the Lease (“Premises”) for the operation of a franchised Taco Cabana Restaurant (“Restaurant”). 
Tenant will develop and operate the Restaurant pursuant to a franchise agreement (“Franchise 
Agreement”) with Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. (“Taco Cabana”), and the Lease is contingent upon 
Tenant’s execution of the Franchise Agreement with Taco Cabana. 
The Franchise Agreement requires, among other things, that the Lease contain certain provisions.  
Landlord and Tenant desire to modify the Lease to add those required provisions as set forth below. 
NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree to amend the Lease as follows: 
1. 
Effectiveness of Lease Contingent.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, the 
effectiveness of the Lease is contingent upon Tenant’s execution of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
2. 
Advance Consent to Assignment. 
 
A. 
Landlord acknowledges that Tenant alone is responsible for all obligations under the Lease 
unless and until Taco Cabana or, with Taco Cabana’s prior written consent, another Taco Cabana franchisee 
expressly assumes in writing those obligations and takes actual possession of the Premises. 
 
B. 
Notwithstanding anything to contrary in the Lease, Landlord hereby consents, without 
payment of a fee, without the need for further Landlord consent and without any increase in rent or other 
charges payable to Landlord, to:  (1) Taco Cabana’s or another Taco Cabana franchisee succeeding to 
Tenant’s interest in the Lease by mutual agreement of Taco Cabana and Tenant, as a result of Taco Cabana’s 
exercise of rights under the Franchise Agreement or following a cure of Tenant’s default pursuant to Section 
4; and/or (2) the assignment of the Lease to another Taco Cabana franchisee that has entered into a Taco 
Cabana Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant. Taco Cabana will be released from all liability under the 
Lease or otherwise accruing after the date of the assignment. Landlord further agrees that all unexercised 
renewal or extension rights and other rights stated to be personal to Tenant will not be terminated in the 
event of any assignment, but will inure to the benefit of the applicable assignee. 
 
3. 
Landlord Consent to Use of Proprietary Marks.  Landlord consents to Tenant’s use of the 
proprietary signs, distinctive exterior and interior designs, colors and layouts and the trademarks prescribed 
by Taco Cabana (“Proprietary Marks”) and, upon expiration or the earlier termination of the Lease or the 
Franchise Agreement, consents to permit Tenant, at Tenant’s expense, to remove all of those items and 
other trade fixtures, so long as Tenant makes repairs to the Premises caused by the removal. 
 
4. 
Notice and Cure Rights of Taco Cabana.  Prior to exercising any remedies under the Lease 
(except in the event of imminent danger to the Premises), Landlord will give Taco Cabana written notice 
