 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
36 
01/25 
 
27.3 
Interpretation.  This Agreement will not be interpreted in favor of or against any party based 
on a party’s sophistication or based on the party that drafted this Agreement.  Except as otherwise expressly 
provided, nothing in this Agreement is intended, or will be deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any 
person or legal entity other than you and us. 
27.4 
Gender and Number.  All references to gender and number will be construed to include such 
other gender and number as the context may require. 
27.5 
Captions.  All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the 
parties and none will be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. 
27.6 
Counterparts and Signatures.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each 
copy so executed and delivered will be deemed an original. This Agreement may be signed using electronic 
signatures, and those signatures will have full legal force and effect. 
27.7 
Time.  Time is of the essence of this Agreement for each provision in which time is a factor. 
27.8 
Injunctive Relief.  Your failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement, including, but 
not limited to, the failure to fully comply with the restrictions contained in 18 or the failure to comply with all 
post-termination obligations, is likely to cause irreparable harm to us, our affiliates and the System.  Therefore, 
you agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by you, we 
will be entitled to declaratory and injunctive relief (both preliminary and permanent) restraining that breach 
and/or to specific performance without showing or proving actual damages and without posting any bond or 
security. 
27.9 
Reasonable Business Judgment.  Whenever we reserve discretion in a particular area or 
where we agree to exercise our rights reasonably or in good faith, we will satisfy our obligations whenever we 
exercise reasonable business judgment (“Reasonable Business Judgment”) in making our decision or 
exercising our rights.  Our decisions or actions will be deemed to be the result of Reasonable Business 
Judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, if our decision or 
action is intended, in whole or significant part, to promote or benefit the System generally even if the decision 
or action also promotes our financial or other individual interest.  Examples of items that will promote or 
benefit the System include, without limitation, enhancing the value of the Marks, improving customer service 
and satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization 
and improving the competitive position of the System.   
27.10 Force Majeure.  If the performance of any obligation by you or us under this Agreement is 
prevented, hindered or delayed by reason of Force Majeure, which cannot be overcome by reasonable 
commercial measures, your and our respective obligations (to the extent that the you and we, having exercised 
best efforts, are prevented, hindered or delayed in such performance) will be suspended during the period of 
the Force Majeure event.  The party whose performance is affected by an event of Force Majeure will give 
prompt written notice of the Force Majeure event to the other party of the Force Majeure event and an estimate 
as to its duration. 
As used in this Agreement, “Force Majeure” means any act of God, strike, lock-out or other 
industrial disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), riot, epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of disease, fire or other 
catastrophe, act of any government or a third party and any other cause not within the control of the affected 
party (including, without limitation, any act of terrorism).  The existence of Force Majeure will not affect your 
obligation to pay us, our affiliates or any supplier any monies owed to us when due.  Your inability to obtain 
financing or pay us any monies owed to us (regardless of the reason) will not constitute Force Majeure. 
