 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
35 
 
Taco Cabana Restaurant, and (d) must devote full-time and best efforts to supervising the operation of the 
Taco Cabana Restaurant and other Taco Cabana Restaurants that you operate.  The Operating Principal 
must complete the ITP, have authority over all business decisions related to the Taco Cabana Restaurant 
and have the authority to bind you in your dealings with us.  We will provide all services to, and 
communicate primarily with, the Operating Principal.  You must obtain our prior written consent before 
you change the Operating Principal.  If the Operating Principal no longer qualifies as such, you must 
designate another qualified person to act as the Operating Principal within 30 days after the date the prior 
Operating Principal ceases to be qualified.  We will advise you whether we have consented to the new 
Operating Principal within a reasonable time after receipt of your notice.  If we do not consent, you will 
have 15 days from your receipt of our decision to designate another person to act as Operating Principal 
who satisfies the preceding qualifications. 
The Operating Principal must remain active in overseeing the operations of the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant, including without limitation, regular, periodic visits to the Taco Cabana Restaurant and 
sufficient communications with us to ensure that the Taco Cabana Restaurant’s operations comply with the 
operating standards as detailed by us from time to time in the Manual or otherwise in written or oral 
communications. 
If you are a business entity, all direct or indirect holders of an equity interest in you of 10% or more 
(“10% Owners”) must jointly and severally guarantee your payment and performance of your obligations 
under the Development and Franchise Agreements and must bind themselves to the terms of those 
agreements by executing the guarantee attached thereto. If you are married, your spouse must sign a 
personal guarantee as well. If any 10% Owner is a business entity, we have the right to require that the 
guarantee be executed by individuals who have an ownership interest in that entity. 
At our request, you will require your employees (including your manager and assistant manager) 
to sign agreements, which may be provided by us, under which they agree to maintain the confidentiality 
of information disclosed by us. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must use the Franchised Location solely for the operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant and 
maintain sufficient inventories, adequately staff each shift with qualified employees and continuously 
operate the Taco Cabana Restaurant at its maximum capacity and efficiency for the minimum number of 
days and hours set forth in the Manual or as we otherwise specify in writing (subject to the requirements of 
local laws and licensing requirements).  You may offer for sale and sell in the Taco Cabana Restaurant only 
the products and services that we have approved in the Manual or otherwise in writing and you must sell 
all products and services that we have approved in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  (See Items 8 and 9 
for additional information regarding authorized products and services.)  We, in our sole discretion, and 
without limitation, may periodically change the System, including modifications to the Manual, the menu 
(including authorized products), the required equipment, the signage, the Marks and the Trade Dress.  You 
must accept, use or display in the Taco Cabana Restaurant any such System changes and make such 
expenditures as the System changes require.  We also have the right to vary System standards in particular 
instances as we deem appropriate in our reasonable judgment.  We do not limit the customers to whom you 
may sell goods or services. 
 
 
