 
Taco Cabana Lease Addendum 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
01/25 
 
of any default by Tenant.  Commencing upon Taco Cabana’s receipt of the notice, Taco Cabana will have, 
in addition to the prescribed applicable cure period granted to Tenant, a cure period of no less than:  (A) 
with respect to monetary defaults, 10 days after Taco Cabana’s receipt of notice; or (B) with respect to non-
monetary defaults, 30 days after Taco Cabana’s receipt of notice.  Landlord agrees to accept the cure 
tendered by Taco Cabana as if the same was tendered by Tenant, but Taco Cabana has no obligation to cure 
the default.  Taco Cabana’s notice address is Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
5. 
Tenant’s De-Identification Rights.  Landlord agrees that, following expiration or earlier 
termination of the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, Tenant will have the right to make those alterations 
and modifications (including removal and demolition of improvements installed by Tenant or Taco Cabana, 
if necessary) to the Premises as may be necessary to distinguish to the public the Premises from a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant and to make those specific additional changes as Taco Cabana may require for that 
purpose. 
6. 
Taco Cabana’s Right to Enter.  Following reasonable notice to Landlord, Taco Cabana will have 
the right to enter the Premises to make any modifications or alternations necessary to protect the Taco 
Cabana brand and the Proprietary Marks and have the right, but not the obligation, to cure any Tenant 
default under the Lease within the time period set forth in Section 4 and charge Tenant for all costs incurred 
by Taco Cabana in making those modifications or alternations and for curing any default, without being 
guilty of trespass or other tort.  In addition, upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease or the 
Franchise Agreement, if Tenant fails to make the necessary alternations and modifications to the Premises 
in accordance with this Section 6, Taco Cabana or its designee will have the right to do so. 
7. 
Failure to Exercise Term Renewal or Extension.  If Tenant fails to exercise, for any reason, any 
term renewal or term extension right under the Lease, Taco Cabana may exercise that right, and upon Taco 
Cabana’s exercise of that right, Tenant agrees that the Lease will be deemed transferred and assigned to 
Taco Cabana, effective upon the commencement of the renewal or extension term, without any further 
action of the parties, and Landlord consents to the transfer and assignment.  If Tenant fails to exercise, for 
any reason, any purchase option or right of first refusal or similar right under the Lease, Taco Cabana may 
exercise that right, and upon Taco Cabana’s exercise of that right, Tenant agrees that the right will be 
deemed transferred and assigned to Taco Cabana without any further action of the parties, and Landlord 
consents to that transfer and assignment.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Taco Cabana’s exercise 
of the foregoing rights is subject to Tenant’s right to exercise those rights, and that if Tenant legally 
exercises that right within the time permitted under the Lease, Taco Cabana’s exercise of the rights, whether 
before or after Tenant’s exercise, will be void. 
8. 
Third Party Beneficiary.  Taco Cabana is a third party beneficiary of the Lease and this 
Addendum and, consequently, will have all right (but not the obligation) to enforce the same.  Taco 
Cabana’s acceptance of the Lease (as amended by this Addendum) only indicates that the Lease meets Taco 
Cabana’s minimum criteria, and the parties agree that Taco Cabana’s acceptance of the Lease will not, in 
and of itself, impose any liability or obligation on Taco Cabana. 
9. 
Amendments.  Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease may not be amended without Taco 
Cabana’s prior written consent. Landlord and Tenant agree to provide Taco Cabana (at the same time as 
sent to the other party) copies of all proposed amendments to the Lease, true and correct copies of the signed 
amendments and any other material documents, correspondence or notices relating to the Lease or the 
Premises. 
