 
 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
01/25 
 
 
TACO CABANA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
This Development Agreement (“Agreement”) is made as of ______________ (“Effective Date”) by 
and between Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. (“Taco Cabana,” “we” or “us”), a Texas corporation with a 
principal business address at 1077 Central Parkway South, Unit 600, San Antonio, Texas 78232 and  
 
 
 
 
 (“Franchisee,” “you” or “your”), a  
 
 
 with a principal 
business address at  
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
RECITALS 
We and our affiliates have developed a distinctive format, appearance and set of specifications and 
operating procedures (collectively, “System”) relating to the development, establishment and operation of 
restaurants identified by the Marks (as defined below) that feature premium quality, traditional Mexican-style 
food, including tacos, fajitas, burritos, flautas and other food and beverage items, and Mexican-influenced 
décors (“Taco Cabana Restaurants”). 
The distinguishing characteristics of the System include, but are not limited to, our décor, layout, color 
schemes and designs (collectively, “Trade Dress”); our menu items, recipes and food preparation and service 
techniques; our standards and specifications for equipment, equipment layouts and interior and exterior 
accessories; and the accumulated experience reflected in our training program, operating procedures and 
standards and specifications.  We may periodically change, improve, add to and further develop the elements 
of the System. 
The System is identified by means of the “Taco Cabana” name and mark and certain other names, 
marks, logos, insignias, slogans, emblems, symbols and designs that have been designated, or may in the future 
be designated, for use with the System (collectively, “Marks”).  We have the right to use, and permit our 
franchisees to use, the Marks.  We may modify the Marks, including the principal Marks. 
You desire to be granted the opportunity, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to 
develop multiple franchised Taco Cabana Restaurants (“Franchised Restaurants”) within the geographic area 
described in attached Exhibit A (“Development Area”). 
You understand and acknowledge the importance of our high and uniform standards of quality, 
operations and service and the necessity of developing and operating the Franchised Restaurants in strict 
conformity with this Agreement, each Franchised Restaurant’s franchise agreement (“Franchise 
Agreement”), and our confidential operating manuals (“Manual”). 
We are willing to grant you the opportunity to develop Franchised Restaurants in the Development 
Area, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Development Rights and Obligations. 
1.1 
Grant and Development Area.  We hereby grant to you, subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, the right to develop Franchised Restaurants in the Development Area during the term of this 
Agreement (“Development Term”).  The Development Term begins on the Effective Date and, unless this 
Agreement is terminated at an earlier date as provided in Section 12, expires on the first to occur of:  (a) the 
date that the last Franchised Restaurant is required to be opened pursuant to the development schedule in 
attached Exhibit A (“Development Schedule”); or (b) the date that the last Franchised Restaurant required by 
the Development Schedule opens for business.  There is no renewal term for this Agreement.  You may only 
