 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
27 
 
Shift Leader Training Program 
16 
40 
In restaurant/virtual/ 
classroom 
General Manager Training Program 
32 
80 
In restaurant/virtual/ 
classroom 
Franchise Operator Training Activities 
0 
80 
In restaurant/virtual/ 
Classroom/ 
Corp Office 
Other Training (New Products, 
Equipment and Initiatives) 
4 
4 
In restaurant 
Totals 
79 
415 
 
 
Ongoing Training; Training of Replacement Personnel.  We may require you (or your 
Operating Principal), your managerial personnel, training personnel, and/or other previously trained and 
experienced staff members to attend and complete satisfactorily various training courses that we 
periodically choose to provide at the times and locations that we designate, as well as periodic conventions, 
regional meetings, and conferences that we specify.  We may charge a fee for these courses as determined 
by us.  You must pay all salaries, benefits, travel, living, and other expenses incurred by you and your 
employees during all training courses and programs.  There currently are no additional required training 
programs or refresher courses. 
We require that your replacement managerial and training personnel satisfactorily complete our 
training programs within the time period required by the Manual after being designated as managerial or 
training personnel.  We may charge a fee for these training programs as determined by us. 
Any specific ongoing training or advice we provide does not create an obligation (whether by 
course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide such specific training or advice, all of which we may 
discontinue and modify from time to time. 
Training Materials and Methods.  Our training materials include our training manual, and on-
the-job training guides.  All training materials that we provide to you remain our property.  Except for the 
ITP, we have the right to provide training programs in person, on DVD, via the Internet, in printed or 
electronic format, or by other means, as we determine. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY  
Development Agreement 
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement. You may face 
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we or our affiliates own, or from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
Under the Development Agreement, you will receive a Development Area, which will be mutually 
agreed upon by Taco Cabana and you. A description of the Development Area will be attached as an exhibit 
to the Development Agreement. 
We reserve to ourselves the right to: 
(a) operate and license others to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants in the Development Area that 
are located in transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, subways, ferry terminals, and rail 
