 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
5 
01/25 
 
indicates only that we believe that the site meets the minimum standards of our then-current site selection 
criteria.  Applying criteria that have appeared effective with other sites might not accurately reflect the potential 
for all sites, and demographic and/or other factors included in or excluded from our criteria could change, 
altering the potential of a site.  The uncertainty and instability of these criteria are beyond our control, and we 
are not responsible if a site we accept fails to meet your expectations.  Your submission of a proposed site for 
our acceptance is based on your own independent investigation of the site’s suitability for a Franchised 
Restaurant. 
5.5 
Execution of Franchise Agreements.  If we accept the site for a Franchised Restaurant, we 
will prepare and forward to you a Franchise Agreement for the Authorized Site.  The form of Franchise 
Agreement for the Franchised Restaurants to be developed by you pursuant to this Agreement will be the 
standard form in general use at the time that we accept the site for the applicable Franchised Restaurant.  Within 
15 days, or such longer period as required to comply with any franchise law or regulation, after you receive the 
Franchise Agreement, the Affiliated Entity or you, as applicable, must sign the Franchise Agreement and return 
it to us along with the initial fees.  We will countersign the Franchise Agreement when we authorize the opening 
of the Franchised Restaurant.  Nevertheless, the partially executed Franchise Agreement for each Franchised 
Restaurant will govern the development, construction and opening of the Franchised Restaurant.  While 
developing the Franchised Restaurant, the Affiliated Entity or you, as applicable, must have in place the 
insurance required by the Franchise Agreement. 
5.6 
Training By You.  You will conduct that initial and continuing training programs for your 
employees as we may periodically require. 
6. 
Lease Provisions. 
6.1 
Required Lease Provisions.  You must obtain our consent to the proposed sublease, lease or 
purchase contract (collectively, “Lease”) for each Authorized Site prior to its execution.  The Lease must, in 
form and substance, be satisfactory to us and may not contain any covenants or other obligations that would 
prevent you from performing your obligations under this Agreement. In addition, the landlord and you must 
execute our standard Lease Addendum.  The insurance required by section 14.2 must be in effect when you 
take possession of the Franchised Location.   
7. 
Your Organization. 
7.1 
Governing Documents. 
7.1.1 
If you are (or you Transfer your interests in this Agreement to) a business entity, 
during the Development Term, your (or the transferee’s) governing documents must provide that your (or its) 
activities are limited exclusively to the development of Taco Cabana Restaurants and other restaurants operated 
by you that are franchised by us and that no Transfer (as defined in Section 9) of an ownership interest may be 
made except in accordance with Section 9.  Any stock or other ownership certificates that you issue must bear 
a conspicuous printed legend to that effect. 
7.1.2 
You represent that you have furnished us with a list of all holders of direct or indirect 
equity interests in you and their respective percentage interests, as well as copies of your governing documents 
(and any amendments thereto) and any other corporate documents, books or records that we may request, and 
that all such information is current as of the date on which you sign this Agreement.  Your direct and indirect 
owners and their respective equity interests as of the Effective Date are identified in Exhibit A.  You must 
promptly update this information as changes occur. 
7.2 
Operating Principal.  You must appoint an individual to serve as your operating principal 
(“Operating Principal”).  The Operating Principal:  (a) must be accepted by us; (b) must be a 10% Owner (as 
defined in Section 7.3); (c) must live within a reasonable driving distance of the Development Area: and (d) 
