 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
34 
01/25 
 
21.9 
The Franchised Location. 
21.9.1 If the Franchised Location is leased and the lease is assigned to us or we sublease the 
Franchised Location from you, we will indemnify and hold you harmless from any ongoing liability under the 
lease from the date we assume possession of the Franchised Location, and you will indemnify and hold us 
harmless from any liability under the lease prior to and including that date. 
21.9.2 If you own the Franchised Location, we, at our option, will either purchase the fee 
simple interest or, upon purchase of the other Assets, enter into a lease with you on terms comparable to those 
for which similar commercial properties in the area are then being leased.  The initial term of this lease with 
you will be at least 20 years with one option to renew for 10 years and the rent will be the fair market rental 
value of the Franchised Location.  If we and you cannot agree on the fair market rental value of the Franchised 
Location, appraisers (selected in the manner described in Section 21.3) will determine the rental value. 
21.10 Your Obligations at Closing.  At the Closing, you will deliver instruments transferring to us 
or our assignee:  (a) good and merchantable title to the Assets purchased, free and clear of all liens and 
encumbrances (other than liens and security interests acceptable to us or our assignee), with all sales and other 
transfer taxes paid by you; (b) all licenses and permits for the Franchised Restaurant that may be assigned or 
transferred, with appropriate consents, if required; and (c) if applicable, the lease or sublease for the Franchised 
Location, with appropriate consents, if required.  If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased Assets 
as indicated in this Section, or if there are other unresolved issues, the Closing will be accomplished through 
an escrow. 
22. 
Relationship of the Parties.  This Agreement does not create a fiduciary or other special relationship 
or make you or us an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, joint employer, partner, employee or servant 
of each other for any purpose.  You are not authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty or 
representation on our behalf, or to create any obligation, express or implied, on our behalf.  During the Term, 
you agree to hold yourself out to the public as an independent contractor operating the Franchised Restaurant 
under license from us, and you agree to exhibit a notice to that effect (the location and content of which we 
reserve the right to specify) in a conspicuous place at the Franchised Restaurant. 
23. 
Indemnification.  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us and our past, present and 
future affiliates, officers, directors, managers, members, shareholders, agents, attorneys, consultants, and 
employees against any claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages arising directly or indirectly 
from, as a result of, or in connection with the Franchised Restaurant, as well as the costs of defending against 
those claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages (including, but not limited to, reasonable 
attorneys’ fees, costs of investigation, settlement costs and interest).  You promptly will give us written notice 
of any litigation, proceeding, or dispute filed or instituted against you that could directly or indirectly affect us 
or any of the other indemnitees under this Section and, upon request, you will furnish us with copies of any 
documents from those matters as we may request. 
23.1 With respect to any threatened or actual litigation, proceeding, or dispute that could 
directly or indirectly affect us or any of the other indemnitees under this Section, we will have the right, but 
not the obligation, to:  (a) choose counsel; (b) direct and control the handling of the matter; and/or (c) settle 
any claim against the indemnitees.  Our exercise of these rights does not affect your obligation to indemnify 
and hold us harmless in accordance with this Section.  This Section will survive the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement, and applies to claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages even if they exceed 
the limits of your insurance coverage. 
 
 
