 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc.  
A Texas corporation 
1077 Central Parkway, Suite 600 
San Antonio, Texas 78232 
 www.tacocabana.com  
 
The franchisee will operate a restaurant under the name “Taco Cabana” which features premium 
quality traditional Mexican-style food,  including tacos, fajitas, burritos, flautas and other food and beverage 
items (“Taco Cabana Restaurant”). The total investment necessary to begin operation of a single Taco 
Cabana Restaurant ranges from $1,266,500 to $2,776,200. This includes $35,000 to $45,000 that must be 
paid to the franchisor. The total investment necessary to begin operations ranges from $1,284,500 to 
$2,684,000 if you sign a Development Agreement.  This assumes a development schedule of five Taco 
Cabana Restaurants and includes $25,000 to $85,000 that must be paid to the franchisor.   
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  
You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a binding agreement 
with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  
Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact John Ramsey; 
franchising@tacocabana.com.  
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Do not rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your contract and 
this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a 
Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the 
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).  You can contact the FTC by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing 
to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home 
page at www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or visit your public library for other 
sources of information on franchising. There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state 
agencies about them. 
Issued:  March 25, 2025 
 
 
