 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
4 
01/25 
 
Franchise Fee for each Franchised Restaurant is fully earned by us when the Franchise Agreement is signed, is 
not refundable, and is not credited against the Development Fee in any way. 
5. 
Development Procedures. 
5.1 
Your Responsibility.  You assume all cost, liability and expense for locating, obtaining and 
developing sites for Franchised Restaurants and constructing and equipping Franchised Restaurants at 
Authorized Sites as required by our standards.  You may not make any binding commitments to purchase or 
lease a site until we have authorized the site in writing.  If requested by us, you will develop and submit to us a 
business plan for the length of the Development Term.  The business plan must outline the actions you will take 
to ensure the development and management of Franchised Restaurants in accordance with our standards.  If 
prepared, during the Development Term, you agree to revise the business plan as requested by us and further 
agree to implement the business plan as accepted by us. 
5.2 
Site Selection Assistance.  We may, but are not required to, provide you with the following 
site selection assistance:  (a) our site selection guidelines and, as you may request, a reasonable amount of 
consultation with respect thereto; and (b) that on-site evaluation as we may deem advisable (subject to the 
availability of our personnel) as part of our evaluation of your request for site authorization, provided that, if 
we provide this assistance at your request, you must reimburse us for all travel, living and other expenses 
incurred by our representatives in connection with our on-site evaluation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we 
have no obligation to conduct any on-site evaluations of locations you propose. 
5.3 
Site Information and Evaluation.  For each proposed site, you must submit to us a site review 
report consisting of a description of the site, photographs, demographic information, site characteristics 
(including access and egress points and the amount of road traffic), other restaurant options in the area, and any 
other information that we may require, including, but not limited to, a letter of intent or other evidence 
satisfactory to us, which confirms your favorable prospects for obtaining the site.  In addition, we may require 
a site analysis prepared by a third party vendor at your expense.  We reserve the right to designate the third 
party vendor used to prepare the site analysis and the right to conduct an on-site evaluation of the proposed site 
before deciding whether to accept the site. 
5.4 
Site Authorization. 
5.4.1 
Within 60 days after our receipt of a complete (as determined by us) site review report, 
we will review that information, evaluate the proposed site and advise you in writing whether we have accepted 
the site; however, we have no obligation to review any site review report if you or your affiliates are not in full 
compliance with all agreements with us and/or our affiliates.  If we do not respond within that time period, we 
will be deemed to have rejected the site.  Our acceptance or rejection of a site may be subject to reasonable 
conditions as we determine in our sole discretion. 
5.4.2 
In order to preserve and enhance the reputation and goodwill of the System and all 
Taco Cabana Restaurants and the goodwill of the Marks and the Trade Dress, all Taco Cabana Restaurants 
must be properly developed, operated and maintained.  Accordingly, we may refuse to accept a site for a 
proposed Franchised Restaurant unless you demonstrate sufficient financial capabilities, in our sole judgment, 
applying standards consistent with criteria that we use to establish restaurants in other comparable market 
areas, to properly develop, operate and maintain the proposed Franchised Restaurant.  To that end, you must 
provide us with those financial statements and other information regarding you, your Affiliated Entity (if 
applicable) and the development and operation of the proposed Franchised Restaurant, including, without 
limitation, investment and financing plans for the proposed Franchised Restaurant, as we may reasonably 
require. 
5.4.3 
Our acceptance of a site does not constitute a representation or warranty of any kind, 
express or implied, of the site’s suitability for a Taco Cabana Restaurant or any other purpose.  Our acceptance 
