 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
45 
 
Provision 
Section In Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
Cabana Restaurant is or was located or where 
the claim arose. 
w. 
Choice of law 
Section 28.1 
Subject to state law, Texas  law applies. 
 
Certain states require franchisors to make additional disclosures related to the information 
contained in this disclosure document.  These disclosures are contained in Exhibit F to this disclosure 
document. 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
No public figure is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for 
the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
The information in this Item 19 includes certain historical financial information for the period from 
October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024 (“Reporting Period”), for our Parent who is also a 
Predecessor, which operates 143 Taco Cabana Restaurants, similar to a Taco Cabana franchised restaurant.  
All 143 units have been open and operating for a full 12 months.  The information presented is unaudited 
and was prepared using uniform accounting methods consistent with generally accepted accounting 
principles.  
Some Taco Cabana Restaurants have earned these amounts.  Your individual results may 
differ.  There is no assurance that you will earn as much. 
“Gross Sales” includes all revenue from the sale of all services and products and all other income 
of every kind and nature (including stored value gift cards and gift certificates when redeemed, on-premise 
sales, other sales made or sold, at, in or upon or from the Franchised Location, and any other type of sale) 
related to the Taco Cabana Restaurant, whether for cash or credit and regardless of collection in the case of 
credit.  Gross Sales will not include: (a) any bona fide documented federal, state, or municipal sales taxes 
collected by you from customers and paid by you to the appropriate taxing authority; (b) the sale of food, 
beverage or merchandise for which refunds have been made in good faith to customers; (c) the sale of 
equipment used in the operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant; (d) authorized customer promotional 
discounts; and (e) employee meal discounts. There were 6 franchised Taco Cabana Restaurants open and 
operating at the end of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, however, none of the franchisees provided 
financial data.  
The Company-operated Taco Cabana Restaurants contribute to the Brand Fund and any applicable 
Regional Advertising Fund on the same basis as comparable franchisees. 
