 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
23 
01/25 
 
the lease, or any interest in the lease, for the Franchised Restaurant; (e) any direct or indirect ownership 
interests in you; (f) substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant; or (g) substantially all of your 
other assets pertaining to your operations under this Agreement. 
16.2 
No Transfer Without our Consent.  Agreement is personal to you, and we have selected you 
as a franchisee based on our reliance on your (and your direct and indirect owners’) character, skill, aptitude 
and business and financial capacity.  Neither you nor any of your direct or indirect owners may undertake any 
Transfer or permit any Transfer to occur without obtaining our prior written consent.  The decision as to 
whether to consent to a Transfer will be made in the exercise of our business judgment, but our consent will 
not be unreasonably withheld.  We have the right to communicate with and counsel you, your direct and 
indirect owners and the proposed transferee on any aspect of a proposed Transfer.  You agree to provide any 
information and documentation relating to the proposed Transfer that we reasonably require, including, but not 
limited to, a copy of the proposed offer.  Unless otherwise agreed, we do not waive any claims against the 
transferring party if we consent to the Transfer.   
16.3 
Transfer Generally.  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 16, if you or your direct or 
indirect owners propose to undertake a Transfer, the following conditions apply (unless waived by us): 
16.3.1 You and your direct and indirect owners must: 
(a) 
Be in compliance with all obligations to us under this Agreement and any 
other agreements you have with us, our affiliates, any lenders that have provided financing to you and your 
major suppliers as of the date of the request for our consent to the Transfer. 
(b) 
Pay us a Transfer fee equal to $10,000 to reimburse us for our reasonable 
costs and expenses incurred in reviewing and documenting the Transfer, including legal and accounting fees, 
provided that you will not be required to pay us a Transfer fee in connection with a Transfer undertaken in 
accordance with Section 16.5.  
(c) 
Advise us in writing of any proposed Transfer, submit (or cause the proposed 
transferee to submit) a franchise application for the proposed transferee, submit a copy of all contracts and all 
other agreements or proposals and submit all other information requested by us relating to the proposed 
Transfer. 
16.3.2 
The proposed transferee and all persons that have any direct or indirect ownership 
interest in the proposed transferee as we may require must demonstrate to our satisfaction extensive experience 
in high quality restaurant operations of a character and complexity similar to Taco Cabana Restaurants; must 
meet the managerial, operational, experience, quality, character and business standards for a franchisee 
promulgated by us from time to time; must possess a good character, business reputation and credit rating; 
must have an organization whose management culture is compatible with our management culture; and must 
have adequate financial resources and working capital to meet the obligations under this Agreement.  If the 
proposed transferee is an existing Taco Cabana Restaurant franchisee, the transferee and its direct and indirect 
owners must not be in default under their agreements with us and must have substantially complied with our 
operating standards. 
16.3.3 
An assignment agreement and/or any other agreements that we require to reflect the 
Transfer must be signed by the transferor and the proposed transferee.  In addition, we may require, at our 
option, that amendments to this Agreement or our then-current standard form of franchise agreement (for an 
initial term ending on the expiration date of the Term) be signed which may provide for a different Royalty, 
Advertising Obligation, local marketing requirements and other rights and obligations than those provided in 
this Agreement.  There is no limitation on the extent to which the terms of the amended or new franchise 
agreement may differ from the terms of this Agreement. 
