 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
21 
 
however, our web site, public relations activities, community involvement activities, and other activities 
that may be supported by the Brand Fund may contain information about franchising opportunities. We 
have the right to direct all programs supported by the Brand Fund, with final discretion over creative 
concepts, the materials and media used in the programs and their placement.  We may work with our in-
house advertising department or an advertising agency to develop advertising for the Brand Fund. We do 
not guarantee that you will benefit from the Brand Fund in proportion to your contributions to the Brand 
Fund or at all.  In spending advertising monies, we will not be obligated to make expenditures for any 
franchisee that are equivalent or proportionate to that franchisee’s contribution or to ensure that any 
particular franchisee benefits directly or on a pro rata basis from expenditures of the funds.  We likewise 
will not be obligated to spend any amount on advertising in the area in which your Taco Cabana Restaurant 
is located. You must participate in all advertising, marketing, promotions, research, and public relations 
programs instituted by the Brand Fund. 
We will not use any contributions to the Brand Fund to defray any of our general operating 
expenses, except for reasonable administrative costs and overhead that we incur in activities reasonably 
related to the administration of the Brand Fund or the management of Brand Fund-supported programs 
(including salaries of our personnel who devote time to Brand Fund activities).  We will retain all monies 
paid into  the Brand Fund in a separate bank account. We have the right terminate and subsequently restart 
the Brand Fund at any time and for any reason.  On termination, we may spend the remaining monies or 
return the monies to the Taco Cabana Restaurants that contributed to the Brand Fund, including affiliate-
owned locations, on a pro rata basis. 
Any point-of-sale materials produced with Brand Fund monies will be made available to you at a 
reasonable cost, and the proceeds of such sales will be credited to the Brand Fund.  We are not required to 
have an independent audit of the Brand Fund completed.  We will make available an unaudited statement 
of contributions and expenditures for the Brand Fund no sooner than 90 days after the close of our fiscal 
year to franchisees who make a written request for a copy. 
Regional Advertising Fund.  We have the right, in our sole discretion, to establish one or more 
regional advertising funds for Taco Cabana Restaurants (“Regional Advertising Funds”).  We will 
determine the geographic area covered by a Regional Advertising Fund based on the location of Taco 
Cabana Restaurants in the area and the reach of print, radio and television media in the area.  If a Regional 
Advertising Fund is established for a geographical area that includes the Franchised Location, we will 
allocate a portion of your Brand Fund Contributions to the  Regional Advertising Fund in an amount that 
we specify. 
We or our designee will direct all advertising, marketing, and public relations programs and 
activities financed by the Regional Advertising Fund, with sole discretion over the creative concepts, 
materials and endorsements used in those programs and activities, the geographic, market and media 
placement, and the allocation of advertising and marketing materials.  The Regional Advertising Fund may 
be used to pay the costs of preparing and producing such associated materials and programs as we or our 
designee may determine, including video, audio, and written advertising materials; employing advertising 
agencies; sponsorship of sporting, charitable or similar events; administering regional and multi-regional 
advertising programs, including, without limitation, purchasing direct mail and other media advertising and 
employing advertising agencies to assist with these efforts; and supporting public relations, market research, 
and other advertising, promotional, and marketing activities.  You must participate in all advertising, 
marketing, promotions, research, and public relations programs instituted by the Regional Advertising 
Fund. 
We will maintain a separate bank account for each Regional Advertising Fund. We are not required 
to have an independent audit of the Regional Advertising Fund completed.  We will make available an 
