 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
25 
01/25 
 
within 6 months after the date of death or appointment of a personal representative, we may terminate this 
Agreement without opportunity to cure. 
16.7 
Securities Offerings.  If you are a business entity, ownership interests in you may be sold, by 
private or public offering, only with our prior written consent (whether or not our written consent is required 
under any other provision of this Section), which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.  In addition to 
the requirements of Section 16.3 or 16.4, as applicable, prior to the time that any public offering or private 
placement of securities or ownership interests in you is made available to potential investors, you, at your 
expense, must deliver to us a copy of the offering documents. We have the right to have our legal counsel 
review those offering documents and to provide comments required by us to the offering documents.  You 
must reimburse us for all costs we incur, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and internal staff time, to review, 
negotiate, and accept your offering documents. You, at your expense, also must deliver to us an opinion of 
your legal counsel (addressed to us and in a form acceptable to us) that the offering documents properly use 
the Marks and accurately describe your relationship with us and/or our affiliates.  The indemnification 
provisions of Section 23 will also include any losses or expenses incurred by us and/or our affiliates in 
connection with any statements made by or on behalf of you in any public or private offering of your securities. 
16.8 
Non-Conforming Transfers.  Any purported Transfer that is not in compliance with this 
Section 16 is null and void and constitutes a material breach of this Agreement, for which we may terminate 
this Agreement without an opportunity to cure.  Our consent to a Transfer does not constitute a waiver of any 
claims that we have against the transferor, nor is it a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with the 
terms of this Agreement. 
16.9 
Right of First Refusal.  We have the right, exercisable within 30 days after receipt of the 
notice (and information) specified in Section 16.2 to send written notice to you that we intend to purchase the 
interest or assets proposed to be transferred.  We may assign our right of first refusal to someone else either 
before or after we exercise it.  However, our right of first refusal will not apply with regard to Transfers under 
Section 16.5 or Transfers to the spouse or adult child of a direct or indirect owner in you (including Transfers 
to a spouse or adult child as a result of death or permanent incapacity as described in Section 16.6), provided 
that the transferees meet all criteria required of new franchisees. 
16.9.1 If the Transfer is proposed to be made pursuant to a sale, we or our designee may 
purchase the interest proposed to be transferred on the same economic terms and conditions offered by the 
third-party.  Closing on our purchase must occur within 60 days after the date of our notice to the seller electing 
to purchase the interest (or, if the parties cannot agree on the cash equivalent, as provided in the next sentence, 
within 60 days after the appraiser’s determination).  If we cannot reasonably be expected to furnish the same 
consideration as the third-party, we may substitute the reasonable equivalent in cash.  If the parties cannot 
agree within 30 days on the reasonable equivalent in cash, we and you will each select a professionally certified 
appraiser and the two selected appraisers will select a third professionally certified appraiser to determine the 
fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred.  The third appraiser will appraise the fair market 
value of the interest proposed to be transferred and the value set by the third appraiser will be conclusive.  
Closing on the purchase will occur within 30 days after our notice to the transferor of the appraiser’s 
determination of fair market value.  The appraisers’ fees and costs will be borne equally by us and you.  Any 
material change in the terms of the offer from a third party after we have elected not to purchase the seller’s 
interest will constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal as the third party’s initial offer. 
16.9.2 If a Transfer is proposed to be made by gift, we and you will each select a 
professionally certified appraiser and the two selected appraisers will select a third professionally certified 
appraiser to determine the fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred.  The third appraiser will 
appraise the fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred and the value set by the third appraiser 
will be conclusive.  We may purchase the interest at the fair market value determined by the appraiser.  Closing 
on the purchase will occur within 30 days after our notice to the transferor of the appraiser’s determination of 
