 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
2 
01/25 
 
B. 
Each Guarantor consents and agrees that:  (i) his/her/its direct and immediate liability 
under this Guarantee will be joint and several; (ii) he/she/it will render any payment or performance required 
under the Agreement if Franchisee fails or refuses punctually to do so; (iii) such liability will not be contingent 
or conditioned upon pursuit by Taco Cabana of any remedies against Franchisee or any other person; (iv) such 
liability will not be diminished, relieved or otherwise affected by any amendment of the Agreement, any 
extension of time, credit or other indulgence which Taco Cabana may from time to time grant to Franchisee or 
to any other person including, without limitation, the acceptance of any partial payment or performance or the 
compromise or release of any claims, none of which will in any way modify or amend this Guarantee, which 
will be continuing and irrevocable during the term of the Agreement and for so long thereafter as there are 
monies or obligations owing from Franchisee to Taco Cabana or its affiliates under the Agreement; and (v) 
monies received from any source by Taco Cabana for application toward payment of the obligations under the 
Agreement and under this Guarantee may be applied in any manner or order deemed appropriate by Taco 
Cabana. In addition: (a) each Guarantor acknowledges that the obligations under this Guarantee will continue 
to remain in force and effect unless Taco Cabana in its Reasonable Business Judgment, in writing, releases 
him/her/it from this Guarantee; and (b) following any Transfer, the obligations of each Guarantor under this 
Guarantee will continue to remain in force and effect unless Taco Cabana in its Reasonable Business Judgment, 
in writing, releases the Guarantor from this Guarantee.  Notwithstanding the provisions of the previous 
sentence, unless prohibited by applicable law, the obligations contained in Sections 18.3 of the Agreement will 
remain in force and effect for a period of 2 years after any such release by Taco Cabana.  A release by Taco 
Cabana of any Guarantor will not affect the obligations of any other Guarantor. 
C. 
If Taco Cabana brings a legal action to enforce this Guarantee, the prevailing party in 
that proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, 
reasonable accountants’, attorneys’, attorneys’ assistants’ and expert witness fees, cost of investigation and 
proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses, whether incurred prior to, 
in preparation for or in contemplation of the filing of any such proceeding.  In any judicial proceeding, these 
costs and expenses will be determined by the court and not by a jury. 
D. 
If Taco Cabana utilizes legal counsel (including in-house counsel employed by Taco 
Cabana or its affiliates) in connection with any failure by the undersigned to comply with this Guarantee, the 
undersigned will reimburse Taco Cabana for any of the above-listed costs and expenses incurred by it. 
E. 
Upon the death of a Guarantor, the estate will be bound by this Guarantee for all 
obligations existing at the time of death.  The obligations of the surviving Guarantors will continue in full force 
and effect. 
F. 
This Guarantee will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their 
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.  Taco Cabana interests in and rights under this 
Guarantee are freely assignable, in whole or in part, by Taco Cabana.  Any assignment will not release the 
undersigned from this Guarantee. 
G. 
Section 19 of the Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Guarantee and all 
capitalized terms that are not defined in this Guarantee will have the meaning given them in the Agreement. 
[signature page follows] 
 
