 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
19 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.   
Our Pre-Opening Obligations 
Before you open the Taco Cabana Restaurant, we will: 
1. 
Advise you in writing whether we have authorized the site within 60 days after our receipt 
of a complete (as determined by us) site review report.  If we do not respond within 60 days, we will be 
deemed to have rejected the site.  (Development Agreement § 5.4.1, Franchise Agreement § 3.4.1) 
2. 
Review the proposed sublease, lease, or purchase contract for the authorized site to ensure 
that it includes the provisions we require as set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  (Development Agreement 
§ 6, Franchise Agreement § 4) 
3. 
Provide you a list of the approved third-party suppliers of signs, fixtures, and initial 
inventories and goods for a Taco Cabana Restaurant.  (Franchise Agreement § 10.1) 
4. 
Provide management assistance at the opening of your Taco Cabana Restaurant.  
(Franchise Agreement § 10.2) 
5. 
Loan you one copy of, or provide you with electronic access to, the Manual, which is 1,095 
pages in length.  The table of contents for the Operations Manual is attached as Exhibit D.  The Manual 
contains detailed standards, specifications, instructions, forms, reports, and procedures for management and 
operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You may keep the Manual for as long as the Franchise Agreement 
(or any Successor Franchise Agreement) remains in effect, but the Manual remains our property.  We may 
revise the contents of the Manual, and you agree to comply with each new or changed section.  (Franchise 
Agreement § 11). 
6. 
Provide to you (or your Operating Principal), the Taco Cabana Restaurant’s general 
manager, and at least 2 other managerial personnel that we designate to complete the ITP.  Our training 
program is described below.  (Franchise Agreement § 9.1) 
7. 
At least 30 days before the beginning of the Grand Opening Marketing Period our 
marketing team will execute the Grand Opening Plan based upon local market conditions and other 
marketing needs (Franchise Agreement [Franchise Agreement §8.1]).    We reserve the right to require you 
to pay us the Grand Opening Spend at least 30 days before the beginning of the Grand Opening Marketing 
Period, and if we elect to receive the Grand Opening Spend, our marketing team will execute the Grand 
Opening Plan based on local market conditions and other marketing needs, as determined by us in our sole 
discretion. 
Our Obligations After Opening 
During the operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant, we will: 
1. 
Collect, administer, and spend for advertising purposes monies paid by franchisees and 
company-operated Taco Cabana Restaurants into the Brand Fund and any Regional Advertising Fund (if 
established) as described below.  (Franchise Agreement §§ 8.3 and 8.4) 
