 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
32 
01/25 
 
Advertising Fund contributions that would have been paid had this Agreement not been terminated, from 
the date of termination to the earlier of: (a) 3 years following the date of termination; or (b) the scheduled 
expiration of the Term (“Measurement Period”). 
20.5.1 For the purposes of this Section, Lost Revenue Damages will be calculated as 
follows: (1) the aggregate of the Royalty, the Brand Fund contribution and Regional Advertising Fund 
contribution percentages (if any) multiplied by the average monthly Gross Sales of the Franchised 
Restaurant during the 12 full calendar months immediately preceding the termination date (or, if as of the 
effective date of termination, the Franchised Restaurant has not been operating for at least 12 full calendar 
months, we will use the average monthly Gross Sales of all Taco Cabana Restaurants operating during that 12 
month period); (2) multiplied by the number of calendar months in the Measurement Period. 
20.5.2 You agree to pay us Lost Revenue Damages, as damages and not as a penalty, as 
calculated in accordance with this Section, within 15 days after the effective date of termination, or on any 
later date that we determine. You and we agree that the calculation described in this Section is a calculation 
only of the Lost Revenue Damages and that nothing will preclude or limit us from proving and recovering any 
other damages caused by your breach of this Agreement. 
21. 
Option to Purchase. 
21.1 
Scope.  Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, we will have the 
option to purchase from you some or all of the assets used in the Franchised Restaurant (“Assets”).  We may 
exercise our option by giving written notice to you at any time following expiration or termination up until 30 
days after the later of:  (a) the effective date of expiration or termination; or (b) the date you cease operating 
the Franchised Restaurant.  As used in this Section 21, Assets means, without limitation, equipment, vehicles, 
furnishings, fixtures, signs and inventory (non-perishable products, materials and supplies) used in the 
Franchised Restaurant, all licenses necessary to operate the Franchised Restaurant (if transferable) and the real 
estate fee simple or the lease or sublease for the Franchised Location.  As provided in Section 7.5, customer 
information and customer lists are owned by us and accordingly are not included within the definition of 
Assets.  Customer information and customer lists will be returned to us without charge upon expiration or 
termination and you may not sell the information or lists to a third party.  We will be entitled to the entry of 
interlocutory and permanent orders of specific performance by a court of competent jurisdiction if you fail or 
refuse to timely meet your obligations under this Section 21.  We will have the unrestricted right to assign this 
option to purchase the Assets.  We or our assignee will be entitled to all customary representations and 
warranties that the Assets are free and clear (or, if not, accurate and complete disclosure) as to:  (1) ownership, 
condition and title; (2) liens and encumbrances; (3) environmental and hazardous substances; and (4) validity 
of contracts and liabilities inuring to us or affecting the Assets, whether contingent or otherwise. 
21.2 
Purchase Price.  The purchase price for the Assets (“Purchase Price”) will be their fair 
market value (or, for leased assets, the fair market value of the lease), determined as of the effective date of 
expiration or termination in a manner that accounts for reasonable depreciation and condition of the Assets; 
provided, however, that the Purchase Price will take into account the termination of this Agreement. Further, 
the Purchase Price for the Assets will not contain any factor or increment for any trademark, service mark or 
other commercial symbol used in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant nor any goodwill 
or “going concern” value for the Franchised Restaurant.  We may exclude from the Assets purchased in 
accordance with this Section any equipment, vehicles, furnishings, fixtures, signs, and inventory that are not 
authorized as meeting then-current standards for a Taco Cabana Restaurant or for which you cannot deliver a 
Bill of Sale in a form satisfactory to us. 
21.3 
Certified Appraisers.  If we and you are unable to agree on the fair market value of the Assets 
within 30 days after the date you receive our notice expressing our intent to exercise our option to purchase 
the Assets, we and you will each select a professionally certified appraiser and the two selected appraisers will 
