 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
6 
01/25 
 
must devote full-time and best efforts to supervising the development and operation of the Franchised 
Restaurants.  The Operating Principal as of the Effective Date is identified in Exhibit A.  The Operating 
Principal must complete our initial training program, have authority over all business decisions related to this 
Agreement and have the authority to bind you in your dealings with us.  We will provide all services to, and 
communicate primarily with, the Operating Principal.  You must obtain our prior written consent before you 
change the Operating Principal.  If the Operating Principal no longer qualifies, you must designate another 
qualified person to act as the Operating Principal within 30 days after the date the prior Operating Principal 
ceases to be qualified.  We will advise you whether we have consented to the new Operating Principal within 
a reasonable time after receipt of your notice.  If we do not consent, you will have 15 days from your receipt of 
our decision to designate another person to act as Operating Principal who satisfies the preceding qualifications. 
7.3 
Guarantees.  All holders of direct or indirect equity interests in you of 10% or more (“10% 
Owners”) must jointly and severally guarantee your payment and performance under this Agreement and must 
bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement pursuant to the Guarantee and Assumption of Developer’s 
Obligations attached as Exhibit B (“Guarantee”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, in our 
sole discretion, to waive the requirement that some or all of the 10% Owners execute the Guarantee and/or to 
limit the scope of the Guarantee.  We reserve the right to require that any guarantor provide personal financial 
statements to us from time to time. 
You acknowledge that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, it is our intent to have individuals 
(and not corporations, limited liability companies or other business entities) execute the Guarantee.  
Accordingly, if any 10% Owner is not an individual, we will have the right to have the Guarantee executed by 
individuals who have only an indirect ownership interest in you.  (By way of example, if a 10% Owner is a 
corporation, we have the right to require that the Guarantee be executed by individuals who have an ownership 
interest in that corporation who indirectly own at last a 10% interest in you.) 
If you, any guarantor or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of yours holds any interest in other 
businesses that are franchised by us or our affiliates, at our request, the party who owns that interest will 
execute, concurrently with this Agreement, a form of cross-guarantee to us for the payment of all obligations 
for those businesses, unless waived in writing by us in our sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, an 
affiliate of yours is any company controlled, directly or indirectly, by you, your owners or your parent or 
subsidiary. 
8. 
Transfers by Us.  We have the unrestricted right to transfer or assign ownership interests in us and all 
or any part of our interest in this Agreement to any person or legal entity without your consent.  You agree that 
we will have no liability after the effective date of transfer or assignment for the performance of, or any failure 
to perform, any obligations transferred.  We also have the right to delegate to others the performance of any of 
our duties under this Agreement. 
9. 
Transfers by You. 
9.1 
Definition of Transfer.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Transfer” means any sale, 
assignment, transfer, conveyance, merger, give away, pledge, mortgage or other encumbrance, either 
voluntarily or by operation of law (such as through divorce or bankruptcy proceedings) of:  (a) any interest in 
this Agreement; (b) any direct or indirect ownership interests in you; or (c) substantially all of your assets 
pertaining to your operations under this Agreement. 
9.2 
No Transfer Without Our Consent.  This Agreement is personal to you and we have selected 
you as a developer based on our reliance on your (and your direct and indirect owners’) character, skill, aptitude 
and business and financial capacity.  Neither you nor any of your direct or indirect owners may undertake any 
Transfer or permit any Transfer to occur without obtaining our prior written consent.  The decision as to whether 
to consent to a Transfer will be made in the exercise of our business judgment, but our consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld.  We have the right to communicate with and counsel you, your direct and indirect 
