 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
8 
01/25 
 
6.2 
Royalty Fee. 
6.2.1 
In addition to all other amounts that you will pay to us, you must pay to us a 
nonrefundable royalty fee in an amount equal to 5% of your Fiscal Period Gross Sales, as defined below 
(“Royalty”).  As of the Effective Date, each fiscal period (“Fiscal Period”) is a calendar week.  We have the 
right, following written notice to you, to vary the time period that comprises each Fiscal Period.   
6.2.2 
The term “Gross Sales” means all revenue from the sale of all products, including all 
food and beverage products, all other products or services offered at or from the Franchised Restaurant, and 
all other income of every kind and nature related to, derived from, or originating from the Franchised 
Restaurant, including off-premises catering and special events, and proceeds of any business interruption 
insurance policies, whether at retail or wholesale (whether the sales are permitted or not), whether for cash, 
check, or credit, and regardless of collection in the case of check or credit.  Gross Sales also includes all 
ancillary charges or fees, including delivery fees and other service charges, that are paid to you by a customer 
or by a third-party delivery or catering service (e.g., Uber Eats, Postmates, Grubhub, ezCater, or DoorDash) 
(“Third-Party Service”) in connection with delivery or catering services related to your Franchised Restaurant 
(recognizing that though the Third-Party Service may pay you an amount equal to the purchase price charged 
to the customer less a commission, other fees, and any discounts, credits, or coupons applied to the order, such 
commission, fees, discounts, credits, and coupons will not be deducted from your Gross Sales).  Gross Sales 
excludes any customer refunds, employee meals, customer discounts, coupon sales, sales taxes, and other taxes 
collected from customers by you and actually transmitted to the appropriate taxing authorities. 
6.3 
Advertising Obligation.  You must contribute for advertising up to 4% of your Fiscal Period 
Gross Sales (“Advertising Obligation”), with 1% being allocated and spent by you for Local Advertising and 
3% being sent to us and allocated to the Brand Fund. The exact amount of the Advertising Obligation to be 
contributed by you, and the allocation of the Advertising Obligation, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, 
are set forth in Exhibit A. 
6.4 
Technology Fee. You must pay to us a monthly nonrefundable technology fee in the amount 
set forth in Exhibit A (“Technology Fee”). We reserve the right to adjust the Technology Fee at any time by 
giving you 30 days’ written notice and by revising the relevant sections of the Manual.  
6.5 
Sales Reports.  By 5:00 p.m. on the day after the end of each Fiscal Period, you must submit 
to us, in writing, by email, polling by computer or that other form or method as we may designate, the amount 
of Gross Sales of the Franchised Restaurant during the preceding Fiscal Period and any other data or 
information as we may require. 
6.6 
Payment of Fees.  You must participate in our electronic funds transfer program, which 
authorizes us to use a pre-authorized bank draft system.  You agree to sign and complete those documents as 
we may require from time to time to authorize and direct your bank or financial institution to pay and deposit 
directly to our account.  Your Royalty and Advertising Obligation paid to us and other amounts owed under 
this Agreement, including any interest charges, must be received by us or credited to our account by pre-
authorized bank debit before 5:00 p.m. on the 5th day after the end of each Fiscal Period or at a later point 
periodically specified by us (“Due Date”).  You must furnish to us and your bank all authorizations necessary 
to effect payment by the methods we specify.  We reserve the right to modify, at our option, the method by 
which you must pay the Royalty, Advertising Obligation and other amounts owed under this Agreement upon 
receipt of written notice from us.  You may not, under any circumstances, set off, deduct or otherwise withhold 
any Royalties, Advertising Obligation, interest charges or any other monies payable under this Agreement on 
grounds of our alleged non-performance of any obligations.  Following written notice from us, you also must 
make all payments to our affiliates through our electronic funds transfer program unless otherwise specified. 
