 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
7 
01/25 
 
owners and the proposed transferee on any aspect of a proposed Transfer.  You agree to provide any information 
and documentation relating to the proposed Transfer that we reasonably require, including, but not limited to, 
a copy of the proposed offer.  Unless otherwise agreed, we do not waive any claims against the transferring 
party if we consent to a Transfer. 
9.3 
Transfer Generally.  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9, if you or your direct or 
indirect owners propose to undertake a Transfer, the following conditions apply (unless waived by us): 
9.3.1 
You and your direct and indirect owners must: 
(a) 
Be in compliance with all obligations to us under this Agreement and any other 
agreements you have with us, our affiliates, any lenders that have provided financing to you and your major 
suppliers as of the date of the request for our consent to the Transfer. 
(b) Pay to us a transfer fee (“Transfer fee”) of $10,000 for each undeveloped Franchised 
Restaurant pursuant to the Development Schedule to reimburse us for our reasonable costs and expenses 
incurred in reviewing and documenting the Transfer, including legal and accounting fees, provided that you 
will not be required to pay us a Transfer fee in connection with a Transfer undertaken in accordance with 
Section 9.5. 
(c) Make the Transfer only in conjunction with a simultaneous Transfer of the same rights 
and interest with respect to all agreements with us in the Development Area. 
(d) Advise us in writing of any proposed Transfer, submit (or cause the proposed 
transferee to submit) a franchise application for the proposed transferee, submit a copy of all contracts and all 
other agreements or proposals and submit all other information requested by us relating to the proposed 
Transfer. 
9.3.2 
The proposed transferee (and, if the proposed transferee is a business entity, all 
persons that have any direct or indirect ownership interest in the proposed transferee as we may require) must 
demonstrate to our satisfaction extensive experience in high quality restaurant operations of a character and 
complexity similar to Taco Cabana Restaurants; must meet the managerial, operational, experience, quality, 
character and business standards for a developer promulgated by us from time to time; must possess a good 
character, business reputation and credit rating; must have an organization whose management culture is 
compatible with our management culture; and must have adequate financial resources and working capital to 
meet the development obligations under this Agreement.  If the proposed transferee is an existing Taco Cabana 
Restaurant developer or franchisee, the transferee and its direct and indirect owners must not be in default 
under their agreements with us, must have substantially complied with our operating standards and meets the 
then-current criteria for a multi-unit developer. 
9.3.3 
An assignment agreement and/or any other agreements that we require to reflect the 
Transfer must be signed by the transferor and the proposed transferee.  In addition, we may require, at our 
option, that amendments to this Agreement or our then-current standard form of Development Agreement (for 
a term ending on the expiration of the Development Term) be signed. 
9.3.4 
You, your 10% Owners, all of your guarantors under this Agreement and the 
transferee must execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us, our affiliates and 
our and their past, present and future affiliates, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, agents 
and employees.  You, your 10% Owners and your guarantors under this Agreement will remain liable to us for 
all obligations arising before the effective date of the Transfer. 
