 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
28 
01/25 
 
Agreement or a Transfer, you fail to comply with your obligations under this Section, that period of 
noncompliance will not be credited toward your satisfaction of the 2-year obligation.  Following the resolution 
of any dispute regarding the enforceability of this Section that is resolved in our favor, the 2-year period (or 
that other period as may be deemed reasonable by the court) will run from the date of the resolution. 
18.5 
Applicability.  The restrictions contained in this Section 18 apply to you, all 10% Owners and 
all guarantors under this Agreement.  This Section 18 does not prohibit you, any 10% Owner or any guarantor 
under this Agreement from having:  (a) interests in any other franchise-related agreement with us or our 
affiliates that remains in effect; or (b) ownership of less than 5% of the outstanding equity securities of any 
publicly-held corporation, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
18.6 
Enforcement.  The existence of any claim you may have against us, whether or not arising 
from this Agreement, will not constitute a defense to our enforcement of this Section 18.  You agree to pay all 
costs and expenses that we reasonably incur in enforcing this Section 18, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.  
You acknowledge that a violation of the terms of this Section 18 would result in irreparable injury to us for 
which no adequate remedy at law may be available.  Accordingly, you consent to the issuance of an injunction 
prohibiting any conduct in violation of the terms of this Section 18.  Injunctive relief will be in addition to any 
other remedies that we may have. 
18.7 
Survival.  The terms of this Section 18 will survive the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement or any Transfer.  You and we agree this Section 18 will be construed as independent of any other 
provision of this Agreement. 
19. 
Default and Termination. 
19.1 
Grounds for Termination.  In addition to the grounds for termination stated elsewhere in this 
Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement, and the rights granted by this Agreement, by written notice to 
you, without giving you an opportunity to cure, upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
19.1.1 Any Trained Personnel fail to complete the ITP. 
19.1.2 You fail to open the Franchised Restaurant for business by the Opening Date, unless 
we, in our Reasonable Business Judgment, extend this period to address unforeseen construction delays that 
are not within your control. 
19.1.3 You are insolvent or unable to pay your creditors (including us); file a petition in 
bankruptcy, an arrangement for the benefit of creditors or a petition for reorganization; there is filed against 
you a petition in bankruptcy, an arrangement for the benefit of creditors or petition for reorganization that is 
not dismissed within 60 days of the filing; you make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or a receiver 
or trustee is appointed for you and not dismissed within 60 days of the appointment. 
19.1.4 Execution is levied against your business or property; suit to foreclose any lien or 
mortgage against the Franchised Location or equipment of the Franchised Restaurant is instituted against you 
and is not dismissed within 60 days; or the real or personal property of the Franchised Restaurant is sold after 
levy thereupon by any sheriff, marshal or constable. 
19.1.5 There is a material breach of any obligation under Section 18. 
19.1.6 We discover that you made a material misrepresentation or omitted a material fact in 
the information that you furnished to us in connection with our decision to enter into this Agreement. 
