 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
12 
 
depend on the distance you must travel, the types of accommodations, the number of your employees 
attending training, and their wages. 
7. You must purchase certain items of furniture, fixtures, and equipment.  The cost of purchasing 
equipment may vary as a result of price differences between suppliers, shipping distances from 
suppliers and the size of your Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You may purchase or lease approved brands 
and models of equipment and signs from any approved supplier. This estimate includes costs for a 
building sign and pylon sign (if allowed by the landlord and local code requirements).  Payment for 
these items typically will be made prior to the opening of the Taco Cabana Restaurant or in installments 
over a period of time, depending on the type of financing arrangement you are able to obtain.  Generally, 
the availability and terms of financing will depend upon many factors, including your creditworthiness. 
8. The cost of an opening inventory of food, beverages, ingredients, and other supplies and materials will 
vary depending on shipping distances from suppliers and price differences between suppliers.  As 
described in Item 8, these items must conform to specifications established by us and/or be purchased 
from us and/or approved suppliers. 
9. This item covers miscellaneous pre-opening costs and expenses such as manager and employee labor, 
utilities and utility deposits, lighting supplies, office supplies, security deposit, pest control, postage 
and shipping, storage fees, bank service charges, payroll service charges, licenses, permits and a three-
month premium for typical insurance coverage.  Manager and employee labor expenses vary according 
to the wage rate and number of employees and managers hired and trained before opening your Taco 
Cabana Restaurant. 
10. A description of the computer system can be found in Item 11. 
11. This is our estimate of your operating expenses for the initial 3 months of your business, including 
payroll costs for management, rent, insurance, and utilities.  These expenses do not include advertising 
or royalty payments made to us.  The estimate also does not take into account revenue you may take in. 
 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT  
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount (1) 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is To 
Be Made 
Initial Franchise Fee (2) 
$35,000 - 
$45,000 
Lump 
Sum/Check 
No later than the date 
on which you sign the 
Franchise Agreement 
 
Us 
Development Fee (3) 
$40,000 
Lump 
Sum/Check  
No later than the date 
on which you sign the 
Development 
Agreement 
Us  
Grand Opening 
Advertising (4) 
$10,000 
As 
Arranged  
As Arranged 
Us or Vendors  
