Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
September 29, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
9 
Advertising Expense 
Advertising expense, including general brand marketing and promotional activities, are expensed 
when incurred. Franchised stores contribute to an advertising fund (Ad Fund) that the Company 
manages on behalf of these stores. The Company is committed under its franchise agreements to 
spend revenues of the Ad Fund on marketing, creative efforts, media support, or related purposes 
specified in the agreements. Contributions to the Ad Fund are recognized as revenue, while 
expenditures are included in advertising expense on the accompanying statements of operations. 
Expenditures of the Ad Fund are primarily amounts paid to third parties but may also include 
personnel expenses and allocated costs. At each reporting date, to the extent contributions to the Ad 
Fund exceed expenditures on a cumulative basis, the excess contributions are recorded in accrued 
expenses on the accompanying balance sheets. While no profit is recognized on amounts received 
by the Ad Fund, when expenditures exceed contributions to the Ad Fund on a cumulative basis, 
income from operations and net income may be affected due to timing of when revenues are received 
and expenses are incurred. 
General and Administrative 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional services. 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
On January 17, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments – Credit Losses 
(Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as amended, which replaces 
the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current 
expected credit loss (CECL) methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the 
CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including trade 
accounts receivables. The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective method for 
its trade accounts receivable and noted no reserve was necessary during the current or prior year 
periods. Accordingly, there was no impact to the financial statements.  
Subsequent Events 
Subsequent events are events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the 
financial statements are available to be issued. The Company recognizes in the financial statements 
the effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at 
the date of the balance sheet, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing the 
financial statements. The Company's financial statements do not recognize subsequent events that 
provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose after 
the balance sheet date and before the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 
3. Franchise Agreements 
During 2024, the Company received certain franchise agreements from a related party. The agreements 
are being amortized over ten years, the standard term of the Company's franchise agreements. For the 
year ended September 29, 2024, amortization expense was $13,336 and is included in general and 
administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations. 
 
 
