 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
29 
 
Continuation of the limited restrictions on our ability to operate and license others to operate Taco 
Cabana Restaurants in the Development Area does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, 
market penetration or other contingency. However, if you are in default of the Development Agreement 
(which may include, but is not limited to, a default for failing to comply with the Development Schedule) 
or any Franchise Agreement and fail to cure the default within the applicable cure period (if any), we may 
terminate the Development Agreement and your limited rights in the Development Area. There are no other 
circumstances in which we can unilaterally modify your limited rights in the Development Area. 
There are no restrictions on the areas in which you or we may advertise or solicit customers, nor 
must we compensate you if we, any other Taco Cabana franchisee, or any third party delivery service 
solicits or accepts orders from inside the Development Area. We reserve all rights to use and license the 
System other than those we expressly grant under the Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement. 
The rights we reserve include the right to use any other channel of distribution, including the Internet, to 
make sales in the Development Area using the Marks or different proprietary marks. 
 
Franchise Agreement 
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement. You may face 
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or 
competitive brands that we control. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate a Taco Cabana Restaurant at 
a specific location (“Franchised Location”) and a protected area (“Protected Area”). In urban areas, your 
Protected Area will generally be 4 city blocks in each direction from the front door of your Franchised 
Location. In suburban areas you will receive a Protected Area which includes at least 30,000 full time 
residents. In rural areas, your Protected Area will be a radius of one mile in all directions from the front 
door of your Franchised Location. If you are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, during the Term, 
we will not operate, or license others to operate, a Taco Cabana Restaurant within the Protected Area. 
Nothing in the Franchise Agreement prohibits us or our affiliates from, among other things: 
(a) operating or licensing others to operate, during the term of the Franchise Agreement, Taco 
Cabana Restaurants in the Protected Area that are located in transportation facilities (including airports, 
train stations, subways , ferry terminals, other public transportation facilities, and rail and bus stations); 
military bases and government offices; sports facilities (including stadiums and arenas); toll road plazas, 
highway rest areas, car and truck rest stops and travel centers; universities, schools, educational facilities; 
hospitals and health care facilities; amusement parks, museums, other entertainment or tourist facilities, 
recreational theme parks; Indian reservations; casinos; any location in which foodservice is or may be 
provided by a master concessionaire; or any other similar location we believe, in the exercise of our 
reasonable judgment, to be a captive market location; 
(b) operating or licensing others to operate, during the term of this Agreement, Taco Cabana 
Restaurants at any location outside the Protected Area; 
(c) operating or licensing others to operate, after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires, 
Taco Cabana Restaurants at any location, including at the Franchised Location or in the Protected Area; 
(d) manufacturing, distributing and selling, or cause to be manufactured, distributed and sold, or 
licensing others to manufacture, distribute, and sell, food, goods, wares, merchandise, services and 
products, whether or not authorized for sale at Taco Cabana Restaurants, under the Marks or other 
