 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
16 
01/25 
 
11.3 
We periodically may amend the Manual by letter, email, bulletin, videot, audio, software or 
other forms of communication.  We also reserve the right to replace the entire Manual with an updated version 
at our sole discretion. You agree to keep your copy of the Manual up-to-date, to acquire all equipment and 
related services to do so and to comply with each new or changed standard promptly upon receipt of notice 
from us.  If a dispute relating to the contents of the Manual develops, our copy of the Manual maintained at 
our principal office controls.  You agree to operate the Franchised Restaurant at all times in strict conformity 
with the Manual. 
12. 
Operations. 
12.1 
Compliance with Standards.  In recognition of the mutual benefits that come from 
maintaining the System’s reputation for quality, you agree to comply with all mandatory specifications and 
procedures set forth periodically in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  You acknowledge that the appearance, 
Trade Dress, services and operation of the Franchised Restaurant are important to us and all Taco Cabana 
Restaurant franchisees. 
12.2 
System Modifications.  We have the right to periodically change the System, including 
modifications to the Manual, the menu, the required equipment, the signage, the Marks and the Trade Dress.  
You must accept, use or display in the Franchised Restaurant any such System changes and make those 
expenditures as the System changes require.  We also have the right to vary System standards in particular 
instances as we deem appropriate in our Reasonable Business Judgment. 
12.3 
Authorized Products and Services.  You may offer for sale and sell in the Franchised 
Restaurant only the products, services and brands that we have designated in the Manual or otherwise in 
writing.  You must offer all items that we designate as mandatory.  We may also designate some items as 
optional.  We may change the mandatory and optional menu items, recipes, ingredients and other products and 
services in our sole discretion.  We may require that you sell certain brands and prohibit you from selling other 
brands.  You may sell products only in the varieties, weights, sizes, forms and packages that we have 
designated.  You must use only authorized ingredients and follow our recipes in the preparation of menu items.  
You may not use the Franchised Location for the sale or display of items not authorized by us. 
12.3.1 Within 15 days after we provide written notice to you, you must begin selling any 
newly authorized menu items (or using any newly authorized ingredients) and cease selling any menu item 
that is no longer authorized (or using any ingredient that is no longer authorized); however, if we determine in 
our Reasonable Business Judgment that the discontinued menu item or ingredient could pose a hazard to the 
public or prove detrimental to the System, you must cease selling or using that item or ingredient immediately.  
All food, beverages and merchandise authorized for sale at the Franchised Restaurant must be offered for sale 
under the name that we specify. 
12.3.2 We periodically will provide you suggested retail prices for the products and services 
offered at the Franchised Restaurant and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may require that you 
adhere to our suggested prices, including maximum prices.  If you have a suggestion for a new menu item or 
ingredient (or for a change to an authorized menu item or ingredient) or you wish to participate in a test market 
program, you must notify us before you implement any such change or commence any such program.  You 
may not add or modify any menu item or participate in a test market program without first obtaining our prior 
written approval, which we can withhold for any or no reason. 
12.4 
Market Research and Testing.  We may periodically conduct market research and testing to 
determine consumer trends and the salability of new food products and services.  You must cooperate with us 
in connection with the conduct of those test marketing programs at your own expense and you must comply 
with our procedures that we establish from time to time in connection with those programs as set forth in the 
Manual, including your obligation to keep appropriate records and report their results to us. 
