 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
15 
01/25 
 
9.2.2 
We require that, subject to space availability, any replacement Operating Principal 
and manager satisfactorily complete our training programs within the time period required by the Manual.  We 
may charge a fee for these training programs as determined by us. 
9.2.3 
You understand and agree that any specific ongoing training or advice we provide 
does not create an obligation (whether by course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide that specific 
training or advice, all of which we may discontinue and modify from time to time. 
9.3 
Training Materials and Methods.  All training materials that we provide to you remain our 
property.  We have the right to provide training programs in person, on DVD, via the Internet and/or an Intranet, 
in printed or other electronic format or by other means, as we determine. 
10. 
Additional Services Offered by Us. 
10.1 
Pre-Opening Assistance.  We may provide consultation and advice to you, as we deem 
appropriate, with regard to construction or renovation and operation of the Franchised Restaurant, building 
layout, furnishings, fixtures and equipment plans and specifications, employee selection and training, 
purchasing and inventory control and those other matters that we deem appropriate. 
10.2 
Opening Assistance.  We may, in our sole discretion, provide assistance in opening the 
Franchised Restaurant and in training your employees as we deem appropriate in light of your needs and the 
availability of our personnel.  If we determine that you require opening assistance for the Franchised Restaurant 
beyond that which we deem reasonable, we have the right to charge you a fee for that additional assistance. 
10.3 
Post-Opening Assistance.  We periodically, as we deem appropriate, will advise and consult 
with you regarding the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  We, as we believe appropriate, will make 
available to you information regarding the System and new developments, techniques and improvements in 
the areas of restaurant design, implementation of technology, operations, management, menu-development, 
sales and customer service, marketing and other areas.  We may provide these services through visits by our 
representatives to the Franchised Restaurant or your offices (although we are not obligated to make any visits), 
the distribution of printed or filmed material, an Intranet or other electronic communication, meetings or 
seminars, training programs, telephone communications or other forms of communications. 
11. 
Manual. 
11.1 
We will furnish you with one copy of, or provide electronic access to, the Manual, on loan, 
for as long as this Agreement remains in effect. (As used in this Agreement, the term Manual also includes all 
written and electronic correspondence from us regarding the System, other publications, materials, drawings, 
memoranda, videotapes, CDs, DVDs, audio tapes, and electronic media that we from time to time may provide 
to you.)  The Manual contains detailed standards, specifications, instructions, forms, reports and procedures 
for management and operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  We reserve the right to furnish all or part of the 
Manual to you in electronic form or online (including via an Intranet) and establish terms of use for access to 
any restricted portion of our web site. 
11.2 
You acknowledge that we own the copyright in the Manual and that all copies of the Manual 
in your possession remain our property.  You agree to treat the Manual, training materials and any other 
manuals or materials created or authorized by us for use with the System as secret and confidential.  You agree 
not to copy, duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce the Manual or other materials provided by us, in whole 
or in part.  In addition, you agree not to make any confidential information or materials supplied by us available 
to any unauthorized person without our prior written consent. 
