 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
22 
01/25 
 
14. 
Your Organization. 
14.1 
Governing Documents. 
14.1.1 If you are or become a business entity, during the Term, your governing documents 
must provide that your activities are limited exclusively to the development and operation of the Franchised 
Restaurant and other restaurants operated by you that are franchised by us and that no Transfer (as defined in 
Section 16) of an ownership interest in you may be made except in accordance with Section 16.  Any stock or 
other ownership certificates that you issue must bear a conspicuous printed legend to that effect. 
14.1.2 You represent that you have furnished us with a list of all holders of direct or indirect 
equity interests in you and their respective percentage interests, as well as copies of your governing documents 
(and any amendments thereto) and any other corporate documents, books or records that we may request, and 
that all information is current as of the Effective Date.  Your direct and indirect owners and their respective 
equity interests as of the Effective Date are identified in Exhibit A.  You must promptly update this information 
as changes occur. 
14.2 
Guarantees.  All holders of direct or indirect equity interests in you of 10% or more (“10% 
Owners”) must jointly and severally guarantee your payment and performance under this Agreement and must 
bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement pursuant to the Guarantee and Assumption of Franchisee’s 
Obligations attached as Exhibit B (“Guarantee”). If any 10% Owner is married, such 10% Owner’s spouse 
must sign a Guarantee as well. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to 
waive the requirement that some or all of the 10% Owners execute the Guarantee and/or to limit the scope of 
the Guarantee.  We reserve the right to require that any guarantor provide personal financial statements to us 
from time to time. 
14.2.1 You acknowledge that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, it is our intent to 
have individuals (and not corporations, limited liability companies or other business entities) execute the 
Guarantee.  Accordingly, if any 10% Owner is not an individual, we will have the right to have the Guarantee 
executed by individuals who have only an indirect ownership interest in you.  (By way of example, if a 10% 
Owner is a corporation, we have the right to require that the Guarantee be executed by individuals who have 
an ownership interest in that corporation who indirectly own at least a 10% interest in you.) 
14.2.2 If you, any guarantor or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of yours holds any interest 
in other businesses that are franchised by us or our affiliates, at our request, the party who owns that interest 
will execute, concurrently with this Agreement, a form of cross-guarantee to us and/or our affiliates for the 
payment of all obligations for those businesses, unless waived in writing by us in our sole discretion. For 
purposes of this Agreement, an affiliate of yours is any company controlled, directly or indirectly, by you, your 
owners or your parent or subsidiary. 
15. 
Transfers by Us.  We have the unrestricted right to transfer or assign ownership interests in us and all 
or any part of our interest in this Agreement to any person or legal entity without your consent.  You agree that 
we will have no liability after the effective date of the transfer or assignment for the performance of, or any 
failure to perform, any obligations transferred.  We also have the right to delegate to others the performance 
of any of our duties under this Agreement. 
16. 
Transfers by You. 
16.1 
Definition of Transfer.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Transfer” means any sale, 
assignment, transfer, merger, conveyance, give away, pledge, mortgage or other encumbrance, either 
voluntarily or by operation of law (such as through divorce or bankruptcy proceedings) of:  (a) any interest in 
this Agreement; (b) any interest in the Franchised Restaurant; (c) any interest in the Franchised Location; (d) 
