 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
19 
01/25 
 
12.11.3 
You must appoint an individual to serve as your Operating Principal.  The Operating 
Principal:  (a) must be authorized by us, (b) must be a 10% Owner if the Operating Principal is a partner in 
more than one Taco Cabana Restaurant, or must be a 25% Owner if the Operating Principal is only an Owner 
in the Franchised Business; (c) must live within a reasonable driving distance of the Franchised Restaurant, 
and (d) must devote full-time and best efforts to supervising the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and 
other Taco Cabana Restaurants that you operate. The Operating Principal must remain active in overseeing the 
operations of the Franchised Restaurant, including without limitation, regular, periodic visits to the Franchised 
Restaurant and sufficient communications with us to ensure that the Franchised Restaurant’s operations 
comply with the operating standards as promulgated by us from time to time in the Manual or otherwise in 
written or oral communications.  The Operating Principal as of the Effective Date is identified in Exhibit A.  
The Operating Principal must complete the ITP, have authority over all business decisions related to the 
Franchised Restaurant and have the authority to bind you in your dealings with us.  We will provide all services 
to, and communicate primarily with, the Operating Principal. 
You must obtain our prior written consent before you change the Operating Principal.  If the Operating 
Principal no longer qualifies, you must designate another qualified person to act as the Operating Principal 
within 30 days after the date the prior Operating Principal ceases to be qualified.  We will advise you whether 
we have consented to the new Operating Principal within a reasonable time after receipt of your notice.  If we 
do not consent, you will have 15 days from your receipt of our decision to designate another person to act as 
Operating Principal who satisfies the preceding qualifications. 
12.12 Insurance.  You must maintain in full force and effect that insurance which you determine to 
be necessary, which must include at least the types of insurance and the minimum policy limits we specify in 
the Manual or otherwise in writing.  Each insurance policy must be written by an insurance company that 
maintains an “A+” or better rating by the latest edition of Best’s Insurance Rating Service (or another rating 
service designated by us).  The insurance policy or policies must carry the types and amounts of coverage as 
specified in the Manual, protect you, us and our respective past, present and future officers, directors, 
managers, members, owners, employees, representatives, consultants, attorneys and agents.  We and any entity 
with an insurable interest designated by us must be named as additional insureds in the policy or policies 
(statutory policies excepted).  Each policy must include a waiver of subrogation in our favor.  We may require 
additional types of coverage or increase the required minimum amount of coverage upon reasonable notice.  
Your obligation to obtain coverage is not limited in any way by insurance that we maintain.  You must provide 
us with certificates of insurance evidencing the required coverage and proof of payment therefor no later than 
the date you sign this Agreement.  The evidence of insurance must include a statement by the insurer that the 
policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered without at least 30 days’ prior written notice to us.  
If you fail to obtain and maintain insurance coverage as required by this Agreement, we have the right, but not 
the obligation, to obtain the required insurance on your behalf and to charge you for the cost of the insurance, 
plus a reasonable fee for our services in procuring the insurance. 
12.13 Inspections; Guest Satisfaction.  We and our designees have the right, but not the obligation, 
at any time during normal business hours to:  (a) conduct inspections of (and photograph and record) the 
Franchised Location and the Franchised Restaurant; (b) interview your employees, suppliers and customers; 
and (c) review your business records, including those maintained electronically or off-premises.  We can 
initiate these actions (collectively, “QA Audits”) with or without prior notice to you, except that prior notice 
is required for a financial examination or audit as provided in Section 7.4.  You must reimburse us for all costs 
and expenses incurred in connection with the QA Audits.  You must cooperate by giving our representatives 
unrestricted access and rendering that assistance as they may reasonably request.  If we notify you of any 
deficiencies after a QA Audit, you must promptly take steps to correct them. 
12.13.1 
You agree to participate in programs initiated to verify customer satisfaction and/or 
your compliance with all operational and other aspects of the System, including (but not limited to) an 800 
number, secret shoppers or other programs as we may require.  We will share the results of these programs, as 
