 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
12 
01/25 
 
which no adequate remedy at law may be available.  Accordingly, you consent to the issuance of an injunction 
prohibiting any conduct in violation of the terms of this Section 11.  Injunctive relief will be in addition to any 
other remedies that we may have. 
11.7 
Survival.  The terms of this Section 11 will survive the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement or any Transfer.  You and we agree this Section 11 will be construed as independent of any other 
provision of this Agreement. 
12. 
Default and Termination 
12.1 
Grounds for Termination.  In addition to the grounds for termination stated elsewhere in this 
Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement, and the rights granted by this Agreement, by written notice to 
you without giving you an opportunity to cure upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
12.1.1 
You fail to obtain our written acceptance of a site by the applicable Site 
Authorization Date or fail to develop and open a Franchised Restaurant by the applicable Opening Date.   
12.1.2 
At any time during the Development Term, you fail to have open and operating the 
number of Franchised Restaurants required by the Development Schedule. 
12.1.3 
You sign a lease for a Franchised Location or begin construction of a Franchised 
Restaurant before you execute the Franchise Agreement for that location. 
12.1.4 
You are insolvent or unable to pay your creditors (including us); file a petition in 
bankruptcy, an arrangement for the benefit of creditors or a petition for reorganization; there is filed against 
you a petition in bankruptcy, an arrangement for the benefit of creditors or petition for reorganization that is 
not dismissed within 60 days of the filing; you make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or a receiver 
or trustee is appointed for you and not dismissed within 60 days of the appointment. 
12.1.5 
Execution is levied against your business or property; suit to foreclose any lien or 
mortgage against the premises or equipment of any Franchised Restaurant developed hereunder is instituted 
against you and is not dismissed within 60 days; or the real or personal property of any Franchised Restaurant 
developed hereunder is sold after levy thereupon by any sheriff, marshal or constable. 
12.1.6 
There is a material breach of any obligation under Section 11. 
12.1.7 
Any Transfer that requires our prior written consent occurs without your having 
obtained that prior written consent. 
12.1.8 
We discover that you made a material misrepresentation or omitted a material fact 
in the information that you furnished to us in connection with our decision to enter into this Agreement. 
12.1.9 
You knowingly falsify any report required to be furnished to us or make any 
material misrepresentation in your dealings with us or fail to disclose any material facts to us. 
12.1.10 
You, any 10% Owner, any guarantor under this Agreement or any of your officers, 
managers, members or directors is convicted of, or pleads no contest to, a crime that we reasonably believe is 
likely to harm the System or our goodwill. 
12.1.11 
You, your Operating Principal, any 10% Owner or any other entity that is a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant franchisee and in which you, your Operating Principal or any 10% Owner have a direct or 
indirect ownership interest remain in default beyond the applicable cure period under:  (a) any other agreement 
with us or our affiliates; (b) any real estate lease, equipment lease or financing instrument relating to a 
