 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
9 
01/25 
 
provisions of Section 14.1 will also include any losses or expenses incurred by us and/or our affiliates in 
connection with any statements made by or on behalf of you in any public or private offering of your securities. 
9.8 
Non-Conforming Transfers.  Any purported Transfer that is not in compliance with this 
Section 9 is null and void and constitutes a material breach of this Agreement, for which we may terminate this 
Agreement without an opportunity to cure.  Our consent to a Transfer does not constitute a waiver of any claims 
that we have against the transferor, nor is it a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement. 
9.9 
Right of First Refusal.  We have the right, exercisable within 30 days after receipt of the 
notice (and information) specified in Section 9.2, to send written notice to you that we intend to purchase the 
interest or assets proposed to be transferred.  We may assign our right of first refusal to someone else either 
before or after we exercise it.  However, our right of first refusal will not apply with regard to Transfers under 
Section 9.5 or Transfers to the spouse or the adult child of a direct or indirect owner in you (including Transfers 
to a spouse, son or daughter as a result of death or permanent incapacity as described in Section 9.6), provided 
that the transferees meet all criteria required of new franchisees. 
9.9.1 
If the Transfer is proposed to be made pursuant to a sale, we or our designee may 
purchase the interest proposed to be transferred on the same economic terms and conditions offered by the 
third-party.  Closing on our purchase must occur within 60 days after the date of our notice to the seller electing 
to purchase the interest (or, if the parties cannot agree on the cash equivalent, as provided in the next sentence, 
within 60 days after the appraiser’s determination).  If we cannot reasonably be expected to furnish the same 
consideration as the third-party, we may substitute the reasonable equivalent in cash.  If the parties cannot 
agree within 30 days on the reasonable equivalent in cash, we and you will each select a professionally certified 
appraiser and the two selected appraisers will select a third professionally certified appraiser to determine the 
fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred.  The third appraiser will appraise the fair market 
value of the interest proposed to be transferred and the value set by the third appraiser will be conclusive.  
Closing on the purchase will occur within 30 days after our notice to the transferor of the appraiser’s 
determination of fair market value.  The appraisers’ fees and costs will be borne equally by us and you.  Any 
material change in the terms of the offer from a third party after we have elected not to purchase the seller’s 
interest will constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal as the third party’s initial offer. 
9.9.2 
If a Transfer is proposed to be made by gift, we and you will each select a 
professionally certified appraiser and the two selected appraisers will select a third professionally certified 
appraiser to determine the fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred.  The third appraiser will 
appraise the fair market value of the interest proposed to be transferred and the value set by the third appraiser 
will be conclusive.  We may purchase the interest at the fair market value determined by the appraiser.  Closing 
on the purchase will occur within 30 days after our notice to the transferor of the appraiser’s determination of 
fair market value.  The appraisers’ fees and costs will be borne equally by us and you.  Any material change 
in the terms of the offer from a third party after we have elected not to purchase the seller’s interest will 
constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal as the third party’s initial offer. 
9.9.3 
At any point, we may decline to exercise our rights under this Section.  The decision 
by us and/or our designee to decline to exercise our right of first refusal will not constitute our consent to the 
proposed Transfer or a waiver of any other provision of this Section 9 with respect to the proposed Transfer.  
If we elect not to exercise our rights under this Section, you may not complete the Transfer until you have 
complied with this Section 9.  Closing of the Transfer must occur within 60 days of our election (or that longer 
period as applicable law may require); otherwise, the third-party’s offer will be treated as a new offer subject 
to our right of first refusal.  The Transfer is conditional upon our determination that the Transfer was completed 
on terms substantially the same as those offered to us.  You must provide to us copies of all fully-executed 
agreements and any other information we request relating to the Transfer. 
