 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
16 
 
As of the date of this disclosure document, neither we nor any of our affiliates are approved 
suppliers for any product. We and our affiliates may earn income on sales of products, ingredients, and 
supplies to you. As of the date of this disclosure document, neither we nor our affiliates directly receive 
any rebates, commissions or other payments from third-party suppliers based on purchases made by 
franchisees from such suppliers. However, if we or our affiliates begin receiving rebates, we have the right 
to retain them. You agree that we are entitled to retain such income and any other consideration from 
suppliers. As of the date of this disclosure document, we have received the following rebates:  (i) Pepsi:  
$1,100,000; (ii) Docter Pepper:  $1,000,000; and (iii) EcoLab: $20,000.  Such rebates are paid directly to 
our franchisees based upon their purchasing volume.    
If you would like to purchase other products or services from a supplier to which we have not 
consented, you must submit a written request for consent.  We have the right to inspect the proposed 
supplier’s facilities and test samples of the proposed products.  You agree to pay to us a reasonable fee, not 
to exceed the actual cost of the inspection and testing the proposed product or evaluating the proposed 
supplier, including personnel and travel costs, whether or not the product or supplier is accepted.  We have 
the right to grant, deny or revoke consent to products, services and suppliers in our sole discretion.  We will 
notify you of our decision as soon as practicable following our evaluation.  We reserve the right to reinspect 
the facilities and products of any accepted supplier and revoke acceptance in writing upon the supplier’s 
failure to meet any of our then-current criteria. 
We estimate that the purchase of products from us, our affiliates, or our approved or designated 
suppliers and/or products that are subject to our standards and specifications represents approximately 10%  
of your overall purchases in establishing the Taco Cabana Restaurant and 90% of your overall purchases in 
operating the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  Currently, we do not provide material benefits to you based on your 
use of approved or designated suppliers.  As of the date of this disclosure document, we have negotiated 
certain system-wide purchasing arrangements, including pricing terms, with certain  suppliers.  We make 
no promises to continue such arrangements in the future but reserve the right to do so in order to maximize 
the combined purchasing power benefit of all Taco Cabana Restaurants.  We do not currently have 
purchasing or distribution cooperatives, but we reserve the right to establish them.  
There are no approved suppliers in which any of our officers own an interest.  
Computer System 
See Item 11 for information regarding our current minimum standards for the computer system for 
the Taco Cabana Restaurant and your related obligations under the Franchised Agreement. 
Insurance 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, you must maintain in full force and effect that 
insurance which you determine to be necessary, which must include at least the types of insurance and the 
minimum policy limits specified in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  Each insurance policy must be 
written by an insurance company that maintains an “A+” or better rating by the latest edition of Best’s 
Insurance Rating Service (or another rating service designated by us).  The insurance policy or policies 
must be in effect when you take possession of the Franchised Location.  The insurance policy or policies 
must protect you, us and our respective past, present and future officers, directors, managers, members, 
owners, employees, representatives, consultants, attorneys and agents.  We and any entity with an insurable 
interest designated by us must be named as additional insureds in the policy or policies (statutory policies 
excepted).  Each policy must include a waiver of subrogation in our favor.  We may require additional types 
of coverage or increase the required minimum amount of coverage upon reasonable notice.  Your obligation 
to obtain coverage is not limited in any way by insurance that we maintain.  You must provide us with 
