 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025  
 
be operated in the State of Minnesota to waive compliance or which has the effect of waiving 
compliance with any provision of the Minnesota Franchise Law is void.  Taco Cabana 
Franchising, Inc. will comply with Minn. Stat. § 80C.14, Subds. 3-5, which requires, except 
in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 
days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement.” 
 
“Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from 
liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01-80C.22; provided this part shall not bar the 
voluntary settlement of disputes.”  
 
 
The Franchise Agreement is amended as follows: 
 
We will undertake the defense of any claim of infringement by third parties involving the Taco 
Cabana mark, and you will cooperate with the defense in any reasonable manner prescribed by us with any 
direct cost of such cooperation to be borne by us. 
 
 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and nonrenewal rights.  As of the date 
of this Franchise Agreement, Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subd. 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain specified 
cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice 
for nonrenewal of the franchise agreement. 
 
 
Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be 
conducted outside Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, 
or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.    
 
 
No Section providing for a general release as a condition to renewal or transfer will act as a release 
or waiver of any liability incurred under the Minnesota Franchise Act; provided that this part shall not ban 
the voluntary settlement of disputes. 
 
 
Each provision of this Addendum is effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that 
the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota Statutes Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 are met independently 
without reference to this addendum. 
 
 
 
