 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
17 
01/25 
 
19.4 
Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each of us irrevocably waives trial by jury in any litigation. 
19.5 
Other Waivers.  You and we waive:  (a) any right to or claim of punitive, exemplary, multiple 
or consequential damages against the other in litigation and agrees to be limited to the recovery of actual 
damages sustained; and (b) any right to participate in any action or proceeding a consolidated, common, 
representative, group or class basis.. 
19.6 
Remedies Not Exclusive.  Except as provided in Sections 19.1 through 19.5, no right or 
remedy that the parties have under this Agreement is exclusive of any other right or remedy under this 
Agreement or under applicable law. 
19.7 
Reimbursement of Costs and Expenses.  If either party brings an action to enforce this 
Agreement in a judicial proceeding, the party prevailing in that proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement 
of costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable accountants’, attorneys’, attorneys’ assistants’ 
and expert witness fees, the cost of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses, and 
travel and living expenses, whether incurred prior to, in preparation for, or in contemplation of the filing of, the 
proceeding.  If we utilize legal counsel (including in-house counsel employed by us) in connection with any 
failure by you to comply with this Agreement, you must reimburse us for any of the above-listed costs and 
expenses incurred by us.  In any judicial proceeding, the amount of these costs and expenses will be determined 
by the court and not by a jury. 
19.8 
Rights of Parties are Cumulative.  The parties’ rights under this Agreement are cumulative, 
and the exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will not preclude the exercise or 
enforcement by a party of any other right or remedy under this Agreement that it is entitled by law or this 
Agreement to exercise or enforce. 
19.9 
Survival.  The provisions of this Section 19 will survive the expiration or earlier termination 
of this Agreement. 
20. 
Miscellaneous. 
20.1 
Gender and Number.  All references to gender and number will be construed to include such 
other gender and number as the context may require. 
20.2 
Captions.  All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties 
and none will be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. 
20.3 
Counterparts and Signatures.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each 
copy so executed and delivered will be deemed an original. This Agreement may be signed using electronic 
signatures, and those signatures will have full legal force and effect. 
20.4 
Time.  Time is of the essence of this Agreement for each provision in which time is a factor. 
20.5 
Injunctive Relief.  You recognize that your failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, the failure to fully comply with all post-termination obligations, is likely to cause 
irreparable harm to us, our affiliates and the System.  Therefore, you agree that, in the event of a breach or 
threatened breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by you, we will be entitled to declaratory and injunctive 
relief (both preliminary and permanent) restraining that breach and/or to specific performance without showing 
or proving actual damages and without posting any bond or security. 
20.6 
Compliance with U.S. Laws.  You acknowledge that under applicable U.S. law, including, 
without limitation, Executive Order 13224, signed on September 23, 2001 (“Order”), we are prohibited from 
engaging in any transaction with any person engaged in, or with a person aiding any person engaged in, acts 
