 
Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
9 
 
Cash – The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of 
ninety days or less to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2023, the Company carried no cash 
equivalents. 
Concentration of credit risk – Financial instruments, which may potentially be subject to a concentration 
of credit risk, consist of cash. The Company maintains substantially all of the day-to-day operating cash 
balances with a major financial institution. For the period from January 17, 2023 (Inception) through 
September 30, 2023, the cash balance was in excess of Federal Depository Insurance Corporation 
insurance limits. The Company has experienced no loss or lack of access to cash in its operating 
account. 
Fair value measurements – The Company’s financial instruments, none of which are held for trading 
purposes, include only cash. Management estimates that the fair value of all financial instruments at 
September 30, 2023, do not differ materially from the aggregate carrying values of its financial 
instruments recorded in the accompanying financial statements. 
Income taxes – The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, 
which prescribes an asset and liability approach. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income 
taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of “temporary differences” by applying enacted statutory 
rates applicable to future years to the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and 
the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is 
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established 
to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
General and administrative – General and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional 
services. 
Subsequent events – Subsequent events are events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet 
date but before the financial statements are available to be issued. The Company recognizes in the 
financial statements the effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence about conditions 
that existed at the date of the balance sheet, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing 
the financial statements. The Company’s financial statements do not recognize subsequent events that 
provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose after the 
balance sheet date and before the financial statements are available to be issued. 
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through January 12, 2024, which is the date the financial 
statements were available to be issued, and concluded that there were no additional events or 
transactions that need to be disclosed. 
Note 3 – Stockholder’s Equity 
The Company is authorized to issue one class of stock to be designated as common stock. As of 
September 30, 2023, the total number of shares authorized, issued, and outstanding is 100 with no par 
value. Each holder of shares of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. 
Dividends or other distributions are determined by the Board of Directors. To date, no such dividends or 
other distributions have occurred. Upon liquidation, each holder of common stock is entitled to receive an 
amount per share as defined in the Articles of Incorporation (Liquidation Amount). 
