 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
14 
 
5. The cost of acquiring a location for the Taco Cabana Restaurant will vary significantly depending on 
the geographic location.  We expect that you will lease the land and building for the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant.  You may be required to pay the first and last month’s lease payment upon signing your 
lease agreement.  Alternatively, you may wish to buy land for the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  The cost 
of purchasing land is not included in this Item 6 table. 
6. The cost of constructing a Taco Cabana Restaurant will vary depending upon the size, condition, and 
location of the premises, price differences between various suppliers, and contractors and shipping 
distances from suppliers.  This estimate is based on the buildout costs for a building shell for a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant of approximately 2,500 to 3,200  square feet in a typical retail center space.  All 
construction materials and fixtures must meet our standards and specifications but may be purchased 
from any supplier.  These costs are normally payable to third parties prior to the opening of the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant or in periodic installments, depending on the type of financing arrangement you are 
able to obtain.  We do not undertake to assist you in arranging financing, and there is no assurance that 
financing will be available to you.  Generally, the availability and terms of financing will depend upon 
many factors, including, particularly, your creditworthiness. 
7. As described in Item 11, prior to opening a Taco Cabana Restaurant, you (or your Operating Principal), 
the Franchise Restaurant’s general manager, and at least two other managerial personnel whom we 
designate must attend the ITP.  We do not charge tuition up to 4 designated attendees to attend for this 
training program, but you are responsible for all salaries, benefits, and travel, living, and other expenses 
incurred by you and your employees while attending the training.  The cost of these expenses will 
depend on the distance you must travel, the types of accommodations, the number of your employees 
attending training, and their wages. 
8. You must purchase certain items of furniture, fixtures, and equipment.  The cost of purchasing 
equipment may vary as a result of price differences between suppliers, shipping distances from 
suppliers and the size of your Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You may purchase or lease approved brands 
and models of equipment and signs from any approved supplier. This estimate includes costs for a 
building sign and pylon sign (if allowed by the landlord and local code requirements). Payment for 
these items typically will be made prior to the opening of the Taco Cabana Restaurant or in installments 
over a period of time, depending on the type of financing arrangement you are able to obtain.  Generally, 
the availability and terms of financing will depend upon many factors, including your creditworthiness. 
9. The cost of an opening inventory of food, beverages, ingredients, and other supplies and materials will 
vary depending on shipping distances from suppliers and price differences between suppliers.  As 
described in Item 8, these items must conform to specifications established by us and/or be purchased 
from us and/or approved suppliers. 
10. This item covers miscellaneous pre-opening costs and expenses such as manager and employee labor, 
utilities and utility deposits, lighting supplies, office supplies, security deposit, pest control, postage 
and shipping, storage fees, bank service charges, payroll service charges, licenses, permits and a three-
month premium for typical insurance coverage.  Manager and employee labor expenses vary according 
to the wage rate and number of employees and managers hired and trained before opening your Taco 
Cabana Restaurant. 
11. A description of the computer system can be found in Item 11. 
12. This is our estimate of your operating expenses for the initial 3 months of your business, including 
payroll costs for management, rent, insurance, and utilities.  These expenses do not include advertising 
or royalty payments made to us.  The estimate also does not take into account revenue you may take in. 
