 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
11 
01/25 
 
11.2.3 
During the Development Term, there is no geographical limitation on these 
restrictions. 
11.2.4 
As used in this Agreement, the term “Competitive Business” means any business, 
store, restaurant or location: (1) whose sales of Tex-Mex and Mexican-style entrees  collectively are reasonably 
likely to account for 10% or more of the food sales of the business in any calendar month; and/or (2) whose 
trade dress is similar to that used in the System.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Competitive Business 
does not include those businesses in which any of your owners or you have a direct or indirect, legal or 
beneficial interest and:  (a) that had been in operation prior to the date of the first franchise-related agreement 
between you and us; or (b) that your owners or you had contracted to develop prior to the date of the first 
franchise-related agreement between you and us, provided those businesses are listed in Exhibit A (“Existing 
Businesses”). 
11.3 
Restrictions After Termination, Expiration or Transfer.  In light of your acknowledgments 
and agreements as set forth in Section 11.2, you agree as follows: 
11.3.1 
For a period of 2 years following the expiration or termination of this Agreement or 
a Transfer, you covenant and agree that you will not directly or indirectly own, manage, engage in, advise, 
make loans to, be employed by, assist or have any interest in any Competitive Business that is (or is intended 
to be) located in, or within 10 miles of the border of, the Development Area or within 10 miles of any other 
Taco Cabana Restaurant. 
11.3.2 
For a period of 2 years following the expiration or termination of this Agreement or 
a Transfer, you further covenant and agree that you will not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or 
through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, firm, partnership, corporation, or other entity, sell, 
assign, lease or transfer any Authorized Site to any person, firm, partnership, corporation, or other entity which 
you know, or have reason to know, intends to operate a Competitive Business at that Authorized Site.  You, 
by the terms of any conveyance selling, assigning, leasing or transferring your interest in any Authorized Site, 
must include restrictive covenants as are necessary to ensure that a Competitive Business that would violate 
this Section is not operated at that Authorized Site for this 2-year period, and you must take all steps necessary 
to ensure that these restrictive covenants become a matter of public record. 
11.4 
Modification.  We have the right, in our sole discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant 
in this Section 11 effective immediately upon your receipt of written notice, and you agree that you will comply 
with any covenant as so modified, which will be fully enforceable notwithstanding the provisions of Section 
17.  If any part of these restrictions is found to be unreasonable in time or distance, each month of time or mile 
of distance may be deemed a separate unit so that the time or distance may be reduced by appropriate order of 
the court to that deemed reasonable.  If, at any time during the 2-year period following expiration or termination 
of this Agreement or a Transfer, you fail to comply with your obligations under this Section, that period of 
noncompliance will not be credited toward your satisfaction of the 2-year obligation.  Following the resolution 
of any dispute regarding the enforceability of this Section that is resolved in our favor, the 2-year period (or 
that other period as may be deemed reasonable by the court) will run from the date of the resolution. 
11.5 
Applicability.  The restrictions contained in this Section 11 apply to you, all 10% Owners and 
all guarantors under this Agreement. This Section 11 does not prohibit you or any 10% Owner or any guarantor 
under this Agreement from having:  (a) interests in any franchise-related agreement with us or our affiliates 
that remains in effect; or (b) ownership of less than 5% of the outstanding equity securities of any publicly-
held corporation, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
11.6 
Enforcement.  The existence of any claim you may have against us, whether or not arising 
from this Agreement, will not constitute a defense to our enforcement of this Section 11.  You agree to pay all 
costs and expenses that we reasonably incur in enforcing this Section 11, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.  
You acknowledge that a violation of the terms of this Section 11 would result in irreparable injury to us for 
