 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
39 
01/25 
 
any of our representatives is not conclusive or binding, because his or her recommendation may be rejected by 
us. 
29.5 
No Warranty.  We expressly disclaim the making of, and you acknowledge that you have not 
received, any warranty or guaranty, express or implied, as to the potential volume, profits or success of the 
business venture contemplated by this Agreement.  We do not, by virtue of any approvals or advice provided 
to you, assume responsibility or liability to you or any third-party to which we would otherwise not be subject.  
You have not received from us or our affiliates or anyone acting on our behalf any representations other than 
those contained in our Franchise Disclosure Document provided to you as inducements to enter this 
Agreement. 
29.6 
Other Agreements.  We will continue to enter into agreements with other franchisees.  The 
manner in which we enforce our rights and the franchisees’ obligations under any of those other agreements 
will not affect our ability to enforce our rights or your obligations under this Agreement. 
29.7 
No Refund.  The Initial Franchise Fee is not refundable for any reason once this Agreement 
has been signed by you. 
29.8 
System Modification.  We may change or modify the System, from time to time, including 
the Manual, and you will be required to make such expenditures as those changes or modifications in the 
System may require. 
29.9 
No Control.  Even though this Agreement contains provisions requiring you to operate the 
Franchised Restaurant in compliance with the System:  (a) we and our affiliates do not have actual or apparent 
authority to control the day-to-day conduct and operation of your business or employment decisions; (b) 
neither you nor we intend for us or our affiliates to incur any liability in connection with or arising from any 
aspect of the System or your use of the System, whether or not in accordance with the requirements of the 
Manual; and (c) you are the sole employer of your employees and you and we are not joint employers. 
29.10 Sole Employer.  You will be solely responsible for: (a) hiring, training and supervising 
efficient, competent and courteous employees of good character for the operation of the Franchised Restaurant; 
(b) the terms of their employment and compensation; and (c) the proper training of the employees in the 
operation of the Franchised Restaurant. 
29.11 Limitations on Exclusivity.  You understand that there are certain limitations to your 
exclusive rights in the Protected Area during the Term and that, following termination or expiration of the 
Term, we may develop and operate, or license others to develop and operate Taco Cabana Restaurants at any 
location in the Protected Area. 
29.12 No Conflict.  Your execution of this Agreement does not and will not conflict or interfere, 
directly or indirectly, intentionally or otherwise, with the terms of any other agreement with any third party to 
which you, any of your owners or any affiliate of yours is a party, including, but not limited to, any 
noncompetition provision. 
29.13 Jury Waiver.  In the event of a dispute between us, you and we have waived our right to a 
jury trial. 
29.14 Receipt of FDD.  You acknowledge that you have received our Franchise Disclosure 
Document at least 14 days prior to your signing this Agreement or payment of any monies to us, or earlier if 
required by applicable law. 
