 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
31 
01/25 
 
20.1.8 Unless we direct you to maintain the existing appearance of the Franchised Location 
while we determine if we will exercise our option under Section 21, you must make modifications or alterations 
to the Franchised Location and the Franchised Restaurant immediately upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement as necessary to prevent the operation of any business in violation of this Section 20 and any specific 
additional changes we reasonably request for that purpose.  Upon our request, you must return to us, at our 
cost, any signage that we specify.  If you fail to comply with this Section within 30 days following termination 
or expiration of this Agreement, we have the right to enter the premises, without being guilty of trespass or 
any other tort, for the purpose of removing signs and any other articles that display the Marks or Trade Dress.  
You agree to reimburse us on demand for our expenses in making those changes. 
20.1.9 You must immediately deliver to us all hard copies, and delete all electronic copies, 
of the Manual and all training materials, marketing materials, records, files, instructions, and correspondence 
in your possession or control that contain confidential information (as described in Section 18.1).  You also 
must deliver to us all hard copies, and delete all electronic copies, of customer information and customer lists 
that you have compiled and uninstall any software that we have provided. 
20.1.10 The limited exclusive rights granted to you in the Protected Area will terminate, and 
we will have the right to operate, and license others to operate, Taco Cabana Restaurants anywhere in the 
Protected Area. 
20.2 
Evidence of Compliance.  You will furnish to us, within 30 days after the effective date of 
termination or expiration, evidence (certified to be true, correct and complete, by an officer, manager or 10% 
Owner) satisfactory to us of your compliance with Section 20.1. 
20.3 
Other Business Operations.  You will not, except with respect to a Taco Cabana Restaurant 
franchised by us that is then open and operating pursuant to an effective franchise agreement:  (a) operate or 
do business under any name or in any manner that might tend to give the public the impression that you are 
connected in any way with us or our affiliates or have any right to use the System or the Marks; (b) make, use 
or avail yourself of any of the materials or information furnished or disclosed by us or our affiliates under this 
Agreement or disclose or reveal any such materials or information or any portion thereof to anyone else; or (c) 
assist anyone not licensed by us to construct or equip a restaurant substantially similar to a Taco Cabana 
Restaurant. 
20.4 
Listings.  We will have the option, exercisable by written notice within 30 days after the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, to take an assignment of all telephone numbers, facsimile 
numbers, domain names, social media accounts (and associated domain names) or other numbers, names and 
directory listings (collectively, “Listings”) associated with any Mark or the Franchised Restaurant, and you 
must notify the telephone company, all telephone directory publishers, and all domain name registries and 
Internet service providers of the termination or expiration of your right to use any Listing associated with the 
Franchised Restaurant, and authorize and instruct their transfer to us or to a third party, at our direction and/or 
to instruct the telephone company, domain name registries and Internet service providers to forward all calls, 
e-mails and electronic communications made to your names, numbers or addresses to names, numbers or 
addresses we specify.  If you fail to promptly make these notifications, you agree that we may do so as your 
attorney in fact.  You are not entitled to any compensation from us if we exercise this option. 
20.5 
Lost Revenue Damages.  If we terminate this Agreement because of your breach or if you 
terminate this Agreement without cause, you and we agree that it would be difficult, if not impossible, 
to determine the amount of damages that we would suffer due to the loss or interruption of the revenue 
stream we otherwise would have derived from your continued payment of the Royalty and the Brand Fund and 
Regional Advertising Fund contributions through the remainder of the Term. Therefore, you and we agree 
that a reasonable estimate of such damages, less any cost savings we might have experienced (“Lost Revenue 
Damages”), is an amount equal to the net present value of the Royalty and the Brand Fund and Regional 
