 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
33 
01/25 
 
select a third professionally certified appraiser.  The third appraiser will appraise the fair market value of the 
Assets. The value set by the third appraiser will be conclusive and will be the Purchase Price. 
21.4 
Access to Franchised Restaurant.  The appraiser will be given full access to the Franchised 
Restaurant, the Franchised Location and your books and records during customary business hours to conduct 
the appraisal and will value the leasehold improvements, equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signs and inventory 
in accordance with the standards of this Section 21. The appraisers’ fees and costs will be borne equally by us 
and you. 
21.5 
Exercise of Option.  Within 10 days after the Purchase Price has been determined, we may 
exercise our option to purchase the Assets by so notifying you in writing (“Purchase Notice”).  The Purchase 
Price will be paid in cash or cash equivalents at the closing of the purchase (“Closing”), which will take place 
no later than 60 days after the date of the Purchase Notice.  From the date of the Purchase Notice until Closing: 
21.5.1 You will operate the Franchised Restaurant and maintain the Assets in the usual and 
ordinary course of business and maintain in full force all insurance policies required under this Agreement. 
21.5.2 We will have the right to appoint a manager, at our expense, to control the day-to-day 
operations of the Franchised Restaurant, and you will cooperate, and instruct your employees to cooperate, 
with the manager appointed by us.   
21.5.3 We may require you to close the Franchised Restaurant during that time period 
without removing any Assets from the Franchised Restaurant. 
21.6 
Due Diligence.  For a period of 30 days after the date of the Purchase Notice (“Due Diligence 
Period”), we will have the right to conduct such investigations as we deem necessary and appropriate to 
determine: (a) the ownership, condition and title of the Assets; (b) liens and encumbrances on the Assets; (c) 
environmental and hazardous substances at or upon the Franchised Location; and (d) the validity of contracts 
and liabilities inuring to us or affecting the Assets, whether contingent or otherwise.  You will afford us and 
our representatives access to the Franchised Restaurant and the Franchised Location at all reasonable times for 
the purpose of conducting inspections of the Assets; provided that such access does not unreasonably interfere 
with your operations of the Franchised Restaurant. 
21.7 
Our Rights During Due Diligence Period.  During the Due Diligence Period, at our sole 
option and expense, we may: (a) cause the title to the Assets that consist of real estate interests (“Real Estate 
Assets”) to be examined by a nationally recognized title company and conduct lien searches as to the other 
Assets; (b) procure “AS BUILT” surveys of the Real Estate Assets; (c) procure environmental assessments 
and testing with respect to the Real Estate Assets; and/or (d) inspect the Assets that consist of leasehold 
improvements, equipment, vehicles, furnishings, fixtures, signs and inventory (“Fixed Assets”) to determine 
if the Fixed Assets are in satisfactory working condition.  Prior to the end of the Due Diligence Period, we will 
notify you in writing of any objections that we have to any finding disclosed in any title to lien search, survey, 
environmental assessment or inspection.  If you cannot or elect not to correct any such title defect, 
environmental objection or defect in the working condition of the Fixed Assets, we will have the option to 
either accept the condition of the Assets as they exist or rescind our option to purchase on or before the Closing. 
21.8 
Compliance with Law.  Prior to the Closing, we and you will comply with all applicable legal 
requirements, including the bulk sales provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of the state in which the 
Franchised Restaurant is located and the bulk sales provisions of any applicable tax laws and regulations.  You 
will, prior to or simultaneously with the Closing, pay all tax liabilities incurred in connection with the operation 
of the Franchised Restaurant prior to Closing.  We will have the right to set off against and reduce the Purchase 
Price by any and all amounts owed by you to us, and the amount of any encumbrances or liens against the 
Assets or any obligations assumed by us. 
