 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
14 
01/25 
 
12.4.4 
You and all persons and entities subject to the covenants contained in Section 11 
will continue to abide by those covenants and must not, directly or indirectly, take any action that violates 
those covenants. 
12.4.5 
You must immediately pay to us and our affiliates all sums due and owing us or our 
affiliates pursuant to this Agreement. 
12.4.6 
We will retain the Development Fee. 
13. 
Relationship of the Parties.  This Agreement does not create a fiduciary or other special relationship 
or make you or us an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, joint employer, partner, employee or servant 
of each other for any purpose.  You are not authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty or 
representation on our behalf, or to create any obligation, express or implied, on our behalf. 
14. 
Indemnification and Insurance. 
14.1 
Indemnification.  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us and our past, present 
and future parents, affiliates, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, agents, attorneys, 
consultants, and employees against any claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages arising directly 
or indirectly from, as a result of, or in connection with your activities under this Agreement, as well as the 
costs of defending against those claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities and damages (including, but not 
limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs of investigation, settlement costs and interest).  You promptly will 
give us written notice of any litigation, proceeding, or dispute filed or instituted against you that could directly 
or indirectly affect us or any of the other indemnities under this Section and, upon request, you will furnish us 
with copies of any documents from those matters as we may request. 
14.1.1 With respect to any threatened or actual litigation, proceeding, or dispute that could 
directly or indirectly affect us or any of the other indemnitees under this Section 14.1.1, we will have the right, 
but not the obligation, to:  (a) choose counsel; (b) direct and control the handling of the matter; and/or (c) settle 
any claim against the indemnitees.  Our exercise of these rights does not affect your obligation to indemnify 
and hold us harmless in accordance with this Section.  This Section will survive the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement, and applies to Claims even if they exceed the limits of your insurance coverage. 
14.2 
Insurance.  During the Development Term, you must maintain in full force and effect that 
insurance which you determine to be necessary, which must include at least the types of insurance and the 
minimum policy limits specified in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  Each insurance policy must be written 
by an insurance company that maintains an “A+” or better rating by the latest edition of Best’s Insurance 
Rating Service (or another rating service designated by us).  The insurance policy or policies must carry the 
types and amounts of coverage as specified in the Manual, protect you, us and our respective past, present and 
future officers, directors, members, managers, owners, employees, representatives, consultants, attorneys and 
agents.  We and any entity with an insurable interest designated by us must be named as additional insureds in 
the policy or policies (statutory policies excepted).  Each policy must include a waiver of subrogation in our 
favor.  We may require additional types of coverage or increase the required minimum amount of coverage 
upon reasonable notice.  Your obligation to obtain coverage is not limited in any way by insurance that we 
maintain.  You must provide us with certificates of insurance evidencing the required coverage and proof of 
payment therefor no later than the date you sign this Agreement.  The evidence of insurance must include a 
statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered without at least 30 
days’ prior written notice to us.  If you fail to obtain and maintain insurance coverage as required by this 
Agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain the required insurance on your behalf and to 
charge you for the cost of the insurance, plus a reasonable fee for our services in procuring the insurance. 
