 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
35 
01/25 
 
24. 
Consents and Waivers. 
24.1 
Consent.  Whenever our prior written approval, acceptance or consent is required under this 
Agreement, you agree to make a timely written request to us for that approval, acceptance or consent.  Our 
approval, acceptance or consent must be in writing and signed by an authorized officer or manager to be 
effective. 
24.2 
No Warranties.  We make no warranties or guarantees upon which you may rely by providing 
any waiver, approval, consent or suggestion to you in connection with this Agreement and assume no liability 
or obligation to you therefor, or by reason of any neglect, delay, or denial of any request therefor.  We will not, 
by virtue of any waivers, approvals, consents, advice or services provided to you, assume responsibility or 
liability to you or to any third parties to which we would not otherwise be subject. 
24.3 
Waivers.  No delay or failure to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon your 
strict compliance with any obligation or condition, and no custom or practice that differs from the terms of this 
Agreement, will constitute a waiver of our right to exercise the contractual right or demand your strict 
compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Our waiver of any particular default does not affect or impair 
our rights with respect to any subsequent default you may commit.  Our waiver of a default by another 
franchisee does not affect or impair our right to demand your strict compliance with the terms of this 
Agreement.  Our acceptance of any payments due from you does not waive any prior defaults. 
25. 
Notices.  Notices related to this Agreement will be effective upon receipt (or first rejection) and may 
be given by any of the following delivery methods: (a) certified or registered mail; (b) U.S. Priority Mail or 
national commercial delivery service (e.g., UPS, Federal Express); or (c) email (if receipt is verified within 24 
hours of transmission). Notices to you and us must be sent to the addresses on the first page of this Agreement; 
however, we also may send notices addressed to you at the Franchised Location.  Email notices must be sent 
to the email address provided by the party. Either party can change its notice address by informing the other 
party. 
26. 
Entire Agreement.  Each element of this Agreement is essential and material.  This Agreement, the 
Manual, the documents referred to in this Agreement and the attachments to this Agreement constitute the 
entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Franchised Restaurant at the Franchised Location and 
supersede all prior negotiations, representations, correspondence and agreements concerning the same subject 
matter.  Except for our Franchise Disclosure Document, there are no other representations, inducements, 
promises, agreements, arrangements, or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties relating to the 
matters covered by this Agreement other than those set forth in this Agreement and in the attachments.  No 
obligations or duties that contradict or are inconsistent with the express terms of this Agreement may be implied 
into this Agreement.  Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no amendment, change or variance from 
this Agreement will be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the parties and executed in writing.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to disclaim any representation made in 
our Franchise Disclosure Document. 
27. 
Severability and Construction. 
27.1 
Severability.  Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the others.  If, for any 
reason, any provision is determined by a court to be invalid, the invalidity will not impair the operation of the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement.  The latter will continue to be given full force and effect and bind us 
and you and the invalid provision(s) will be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement. 
27.2 
Survival.  Each provision of this Agreement that, expressly, or by reasonable implication, is 
to be performed, in whole or in part, after the expiration, termination or Transfer of this Agreement will survive 
expiration, termination or Transfer. 
