 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
13 
01/25 
 
Franchised Restaurant; or (c) any agreement with any vendor or supplier to a Franchised Restaurant; provided 
that if the default is not by you, you are given written notice of the default and 10 days to cure the default. 
12.1.12 
With respect to any Franchised Restaurant developed under this Agreement, an 
entity that is not a party to the applicable Franchise Agreement is operating the Franchised Restaurant without 
our prior written consent. 
12.2 
Termination Following Expiration of Cure Period. 
12.2.1 Except for those items listed in Sections 12.1, 12.2.2 and 12.2.3, you will have 30 
days after written notice of default from us within which to remedy the default and provide evidence of that 
remedy to us. If any default is not cured within that time, this Agreement will terminate without further notice 
to you effective immediately upon expiration of that time, unless we notify you otherwise in writing. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the default cannot be corrected within 30 days, you will have that additional 
time to correct the default as we believe to be reasonably required (not to exceed 90 days) provided that you 
begin taking the actions necessary to correct the default during the 30-day cure period and diligently and in 
good faith pursue those actions to completion. You will be in default under this Section 12.2.1 for any failure 
to materially comply with any of the requirements imposed by this Agreement or otherwise in writing, or to 
carry out the terms of this Agreement in good faith. 
12.2.2 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.2.1, if you fail to pay any monies 
owed to us or our affiliates when those monies become due and payable, and you fail to pay those monies 
within 10 days after receiving written notice of default, this Agreement will terminate effective immediately 
upon expiration of that time, unless we notify you otherwise in writing. 
12.2.3 
If you have received 2 or more notices of default under this Agreement within the 
previous 12 months, we will be entitled to send you a notice of termination upon your next default under this 
Agreement in that 12-month period without providing you an opportunity to remedy that default. 
12.3 
Statutory Limitations.  If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental 
authority with jurisdiction over this Agreement requires a notice or cure period prior to termination longer than 
set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement will be deemed amended to conform to the minimum notice or cure 
period required by the applicable law or regulation. 
12.4 
Obligations on Termination or Expiration.  Upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement: 
12.4.1 
You will have no further right to develop or open Franchised Restaurants in the 
Development Area, except that you will be entitled to complete and open a Franchised Restaurant for which a 
franchise agreement has been executed by your Affiliated Entity or you.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in any franchise agreement between your Affiliated Entity or you and us, termination or expiration of 
this Agreement alone will not affect your right (or your Affiliated Entity’s right) to continue to operate 
Franchised Restaurants that were open and operating as of the date this Agreement terminated or expired. 
12.4.2 
The limited exclusive rights granted to you in the Development Area will terminate, 
and we will have the right to operate, and license others to operate, Taco Cabana Restaurants anywhere in the 
Development Area except as otherwise provided in an effective franchise agreement. 
12.4.3 
You must promptly return to us all materials and information furnished by us or our 
affiliates, except materials and information furnished with respect to a Franchised Restaurant which is open 
and operating pursuant to an effective franchise agreement. 
