 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
8 
01/25 
 
9.3.5 
The price and other proposed terms of the Transfer must not, in our Reasonable 
Business Judgment, have the effect of negatively impacting the prospect for timely completion of the 
Development Schedule or the future viability of the Franchised Restaurants. 
9.3.6 
If the transferee is a business entity, those persons or entities designated by us, which 
may include, but are not limited to, those with a direct or indirect ownership interest of 10% or more in the 
transferee, must execute our then-current form of Guarantee. 
9.3.7 
Each of your affiliates that have entered into a Development Agreement or Franchise 
Agreement with us must, as of the date of the request for our consent to the Transfer, be in compliance with 
all obligations to us under those agreements and with all obligations under any agreement with any lenders that 
have provided financing pursuant to an arrangement with us. 
9.4 
Transfer of Partial Ownership Interest.  If you propose to admit a new owner who will have 
less than a 10% ownership interest in you, remove an existing owner or change the distribution of ownership 
interests among your owners, you must give us advance notice and submit a copy of all proposed contracts and 
other information concerning the Transfer that we may request.  You must also pay to us a Transfer Fee as 
provided in Section 9.3.1(b).  We may withhold our consent on any reasonable grounds or give our consent 
subject to reasonable conditions, including the conditions in Sections 7.1, 9.3.1(a) and 9.3.4.  Any new owner 
must submit a franchise application and, if applicable, execute our then-current form of Guarantee. 
9.5 
Transfer for Convenience of Ownership.  If you are an individual or a partnership, we will 
consent to the Transfer of this Agreement to a business entity that you form for the convenience of ownership, 
provided that:  (a) the entity has and will have no business other than the development and operation of Taco 
Cabana Restaurants; (b) you comply with the requirements in Sections 7.1, 9.3.1(a), 9.3.3, 9.3.4 and 9.3.6; (c) 
your owners hold equity interests in the new entity in the same proportion shown on Exhibit A; and (d) the 
top-level management of your organization does not change.  You will not be required to pay a Transfer Fee 
for a Transfer under this Section 9.5. 
9.6 
Transfer upon Death or Permanent Incapacity.  If the Transfer is a transfer of direct or 
indirect ownership interests in you following the death or permanent incapacity (as reasonably determined by 
us) of a person that has a direct or indirect ownership interest in you, that person’s executor, administrator or 
personal representative must apply to us in writing within 3 months after the death or declaration of permanent 
incapacity for consent to Transfer the person’s interest.  The Transfer will be subject to the provisions of 
Sections 9.3 and 9.4, as applicable.  In the case of Transfer by bequest or by intestate succession, if the heirs or 
beneficiaries are unable to meet the conditions of Section 9.3 or 9.4, as applicable, the executor may Transfer 
the decedent’s interest to another successor that we have accepted, subject to all of the terms and conditions for 
Transfers contained in this Agreement.  If an interest is not disposed of under this Section 9.6 within 6 months 
after the date of death or appointment of a personal representative, we may terminate this Agreement without 
opportunity to cure. 
9.7 
Securities Offerings.  If you are a business entity, ownership interests in you may be sold, by 
private or public offering, only with our prior written consent (whether or not our written consent is required 
under any other provision of this Section), which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.  In addition to 
the requirements of Section 9.3 or 9.4, as applicable, prior to the time that any public offering or private 
placement of securities or ownership interests in you is made available to potential investors, you, at your 
expense, must deliver to us a copy of the offering documents.  We have the right to have our legal counsel 
review those offering documents and to provide comments required by us to the offering documents.  You 
must reimburse us for all costs we incur, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and internal staff time, to review, 
negotiate, and accept your offering documents.  You, at your expense, also must deliver to us an opinion of 
your legal counsel (addressed to us and in a form acceptable to us) that the offering documents properly use 
the Marks and accurately describe your relationship with us and/or our affiliates.  The indemnification 
