 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
20 
01/25 
 
they pertain to the Franchised Restaurant, with you.  You will reimburse us for all costs related to the 
Franchised Restaurant associated with any and all of these programs. 
12.14 Taxes. 
12.14.1 You must promptly pay when due all taxes levied or assessed (including, without 
limitation, unemployment and sales taxes) and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind incurred by 
you in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  If any taxes, fees or assessments are imposed on us by 
reason of our acting as franchisor or licensing the Marks, you must reimburse us the amount of those taxes, 
fees or assessments within 30 days after receipt of an invoice from us. 
12.14.2 In the event of any bona fide dispute as to your liability for taxes assessed or other 
indebtedness, you may contest the validity or the amount of the tax or indebtedness in accordance with 
procedures of the taxing authority or applicable law; however, in no event will you permit a tax sale or seizure 
by levy of execution or similar writ or warrant, or attachment by a creditor, to occur against the Franchised 
Restaurant and/or the Franchised Location (or any improvements thereon). 
12.15 Compliance with Laws and Good Business Practices.  You must secure and maintain in 
force in your name all required licenses, permits and certificates relating to the operation of the Franchised 
Restaurant.  You must operate the Franchised Restaurant in full compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances and regulations, including those governing or relating to the handling of food products, immigration 
and discrimination, occupational hazards and health insurance, employment laws, including workers’ 
compensation insurance, unemployment insurance and the withholding and payment of federal and state 
income taxes, social security taxes and sales taxes.  You must notify us, in writing, within 5 days after:  (a) the 
commencement of any proceeding or the issuance of any decree of any court or government agency that may 
adversely affect the operation or financial condition of you or the Franchised Restaurant; or (b) receiving any 
notice of violation of any law, ordinance or regulation relating to health or sanitation at the Franchised 
Restaurant.  In your dealings with customers, suppliers and the public, you will adhere to the highest standards 
of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical conduct and you will refrain from any business or advertising 
practice that may harm the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System. 
12.16 Adoption of Quality and Assurance Programs.  You must adopt, at your expense, those 
customer quality and assurance programs that we specify, including, but not limited to, participation in 
programs associated with guest satisfaction. 
12.17 Non-Cash Payment Systems.  You must accept debit cards, credit cards, stored value gift 
cards or other non-cash payment systems specified by us to enable customers to purchase authorized products 
and you must obtain all necessary hardware and/or software used in connection with these non-cash payment 
systems.  You will reimburse us for all costs associated with those non-cash payment systems as they pertain 
to the Franchised Restaurant. 
12.18 Amusement Equipment.  You will not permit at the Franchised Restaurant any juke box, 
vending or game machine, gum machine, game, ride, gambling or lottery device, coin or token operated 
machine, or any other music, film or video device not authorized by us. 
12.19 Advisory Board.  We may establish a Franchise Advisory Board.  If established, you must 
actively collaborate with the Advisory Board. The purpose of the Advisory Board will include, but not be 
limited to, discussing and evaluating strategies, opportunities, accomplishments, challenges, ideas and 
concerns for the purpose of advancing the interests of the System. If established, the Advisory Board will serve 
solely in an advisory capacity and will have no authority to modify our policies and we, in our sole discretion, 
can accept or reject any opinions or recommendations of the Advisory Board.  We may require you to pay your 
