 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
43 
 
Provision 
Section In Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
ownership interests, conditions include:  provide 
notice; submit copies of all proposed contracts 
and other information that we request; pay 
transfer fee (see Item 6); compliance with 
Franchise Agreement and any other agreement 
with us, our affiliate, any lenders that have 
provided financing pursuant to an arrangement 
with us and your major suppliers; sign 
assignment agreement and any other agreements 
we require to reflect the Transfer; sign, at our 
option, any amendments to the Franchise 
Agreement that we require and/or our then 
current standard form of franchise agreement for 
a term ending on the expiration date of the 
Franchise Agreement; sign general release; and 
comply with governing documents requirement. 
n. 
Our right of first refusal 
to acquire your 
business 
Section 16.9 
We have the right, exercisable within 30 days 
after we receive your notice of Transfer, to send 
written notice to you that we intend to purchase 
the interest or assets proposed to be transferred.  
Our right of first refusal will not apply to 
transfers for convenience of ownership or 
transfers to your spouse or adult son or 
daughter, provided that the transferee meets all 
criteria for new franchisees. 
o. 
Our option to purchase 
your business 
Section 21 
We have the right, exercisable within 30 days 
after the later of the effective date of termination 
or expiration or the date you cease operating the 
Taco Cabana Restaurant, to purchase some or 
all of the Assets used in the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant.  We have the unrestricted right to 
assign this option to purchase your business.  
The purchase prices of the Assets will be their 
fair market value determined as of the effective 
date of termination or agreement expiration in a 
manner that accounts for reasonable 
depreciation and condition of the Assets.  We 
may exclude from the Assets purchased any 
equipment, vehicles, furnishings, fixtures, signs, 
and inventory that do not meet our then-current 
standards. 
p. 
Your death or disability 
Section 16.6 
If the Transfer is a transfer of direct or indirect 
ownership interests in you after the death or 
permanent incapacity of an owner, that person’s 
executor, administrator, or personal 
representative must apply to us within 3 months 
for consent to transfer the person’s interest.  All 
conditions of transfer apply (see m. above).  If 
the interest is not disposed of within 6 months 
after the date of death or appointment of a 
personal representative, we may terminate the 
Franchise Agreement. 
