 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
18 
01/25 
 
any alteration, addition, replacement or improvement in, or to, the interior or exterior of the Franchised 
Restaurant without our prior written consent. 
12.8 
Refurbishment.  In addition to ordinary maintenance and upkeep, we have the right to require 
you to undertake structural changes, remodeling, refurbishment and renovations and other modifications to the 
Franchised Restaurant to conform to the design, Trade Dress, color schemes and presentation of the Marks that 
we are then requiring of new Taco Cabana Restaurants.  You must undertake a refurbishment of the Franchised 
Restaurant every 5 years from the prior remodel (or 5 years after the Opening Date if you have not yet 
refurbished.) 
12.9 
Maximum Operation of the Franchised Restaurant. 
12.9.1 During the Term, you must use the Franchised Location solely for the operation of the 
Franchised Restaurant and maintain sufficient inventories, adequately staff each shift with qualified employees 
and continuously operate the Franchised Restaurant at its maximum capacity and efficiency for the minimum 
number of days and hours set forth in the Manual or as we otherwise specify in writing (subject to the 
requirements of local laws and licensing requirements). 
12.9.2 You must immediately resolve any customer complaints regarding the quality of food 
or beverages, service and/or cleanliness of the Franchised Restaurant or any similar complaints.  When any 
customer complaints cannot be immediately resolved, you must use your best efforts to resolve the customer 
complaints as soon as practical and, whenever feasible, give the customer the benefit of the doubt.  If we, in 
our Reasonable Business Judgment, determine that our intervention is necessary or desirable to protect the 
System or the goodwill associated with the System, or if we, in our Reasonable Business Judgment, believe 
that you have failed adequately to address or resolve any customer complaints, we may, without your consent, 
resolve any complaints and charge you an amount sufficient to cover our reasonable costs and expenses in 
resolving the customer complaints, which amount you must pay to us immediately on demand. 
12.10 Employees.  You have sole responsibility for all employment decisions and functions related 
to the Franchised Restaurant, including hiring, firing, compensation, benefits, work hours, work rules, training, 
recordkeeping, supervision and discipline of employees.  You must enforce all dress and appearance standards 
for employees that we may establish.  You must maintain a competent, conscientious, trained staff with enough 
members to operate the Franchised Restaurant in compliance with our standards.  You must verify that your 
employees meet all state and local requirements for certification and meet all prerequisites for employment in 
the United States. 
12.11 Management Supervision. 
12.11.1 The Franchised Restaurant must at all times be under the personal, on-premises 
supervision of the Operating Principal, a manager or an assistant manager.  At all times that the Franchised 
Restaurant is open for business, at least one person must be on site who has been trained in ServSafe as required 
by Section 9.1.2 and completed any other locally-required safety or health training. 
12.11.2 
The Franchised Restaurant must employ two managerial personnel each of whom 
have met our training requirements for their position.  Prior to participation in the ITP, you must provide us 
such information we request regarding your initial (and any subsequent) managerial personnel, each of whom 
must be authorized by us before they can assume the applicable position and who must devote full-time and 
best efforts to supervising the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  You must also provide to us, prior to 
participation in the ITP, that information we request regarding your initial (and all subsequent) managerial 
personnel, each of whom must be authorized by us before he can assume that position. 
