 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
23 
 
on Social Media.  We periodically may provide to you content for your sites and pages on Social Media, 
including copy, news stories and photographs. We must consent to any changes to your sites and pages on 
Social Media. 
Public and Media Relations.  You may not issue any press or other media releases or other 
communications without our prior consent.  As a franchisee of the System, you may only participate in 
internal and external communications activities that create goodwill, enhance our public image, and build 
the Taco Cabana brand. 
Computer System 
You must obtain and install, at your expense, the hardware, software, and network connections that 
we specify from time to time.  We reserve the right to specify a vendor or supplier and, if acquired through 
us, charge you for such hardware, software, support, and other related services ourselves.  As of the issuance 
date of this disclosure document, we require a Xenial POS System. You must record customer transactions 
and collect and generate Gross Sales for the Taco Cabana Restaurant and sales by categories.  We also 
reserve the right to require you to replace or upgrade the computer system with one designated by us, at 
your sole cost, but not more frequently than every 24 months.  We may require you to install and maintain 
any software or other proprietary system designated by us, at your sole cost.  The current cost to obtain the 
required hardware and software is approximately $25,000 to $50,000.  
We will have independent access to the information and data on the computer system, and there 
are no contractual limitations on our right to access that information.  Neither we, our affiliates, nor any 
third parties are required to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to your computer 
system.  Currently, we estimate that the annual cost of optional or required maintenance, upgrades, or 
updates for your POS System is approximately $0 to $5,000.  
You must: (a) maintain on the computer system only the financial and operating data specified in 
the Manual; (b) transmit data to us in the form and at the times required by the Manual; (c) give us 
unrestricted access to your computer system at all times (including IDs and passwords, if necessary) to 
download and transfer via modem, Wi-Fi or other connection as we determine; (d) maintain the computer 
system in good working order at your own expense; (e) replace or upgrade the computer system as we 
require (but not more than every 24 months; (f) install high speed Internet and/or communications 
connections; (g) ensure that your employees are adequately trained in the use of the computer system and 
our related policies and procedures; (h) comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard 
(“PCI DSS”) at all times; (i) engage any vendor we designate to ensure the security of your data and 
compliance with the PCI DSS; and (j) use any proprietary software or support services and other proprietary 
materials that we provide to you in connection with the operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant and if we 
so require, execute a license agreement and pay to us a reasonable license fee for the use of such proprietary 
software.  You may not install any software other than authorized upgrades or make any hardware 
modifications to the computer system without our express written consent.  Because computer designs and 
functions change periodically, we may make substantial modifications to our computer requirements or 
require installation of entirely different systems during the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
Selecting the Location of Your Taco Cabana Restaurant    
We do not select the specific site for your Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You select the site for your 
Taco Cabana Restaurant, subject to our authorization based on the site selection criteria in effect at the time 
of your request.  As noted in Item 1, you should not acquire any interest in a site for your Taco Cabana 
Restaurant until we have approved you as a Taco Cabana Restaurants franchisee.  You must select the site 
from within a general area mutually agreed to in writing by you and us, and you must obtain acceptance for 
