 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
ITEM 1  
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “Taco Cabana,” “we,” or “us” means Taco 
Cabana Franchising, Inc., the franchisor.  “You” means the person or legal entity who is granted the 
franchise.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other business entity, certain 
provisions of this disclosure document also apply to your owners and will be noted. 
Taco Cabana is a Texas corporation formed on January 17, 2023, whose principal business address 
is 1077 Central Parkway South, Unit 600, San Antonio, Texas  78232.  We do business under the name 
“Taco Cabana.”  We do not operate any Taco Cabana Restaurants. Our agents for service of process in 
various states are listed in Exhibit A. 
We have been offering franchises for Taco Cabana Restaurants since March 2023.  We have never 
operated a Taco Cabana Restaurant.  We have not offered franchises in any other line of business, and we 
do not engage in any business not described in this Item 1. 
We have one parent who is also a predecessor. Taco Cabana, Inc. (“TCI”), is a Delaware 
corporation formed November 11, 1991. TCI’s principal business address is 1077 Central Parkway South, 
Unit 600, San Antonio, Texas  78232.   
We have one affiliate, Texas Taco Cabana, L.P. (“Taco Cabana IP Company”), which operates 
140 Taco Cabana restaurants in Texas similar to the restaurants you will operate. The principal business 
address of Texas Taco Cabana, L.P. is 1077 Central Parkway South, Unit 600, San Antonio, Texas  78232. 
Taco Cabana IP Company owns the trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos, as well as our 
recipes, copyright materials and other intellectual property (collectively, “Intellectual Property”). Taco 
Cabana IP Company licenses the Intellectual Property to us, and our franchisees. Taco Cabana IP Company 
does not offer franchises in this or any other line of business. 
Our affiliate, NTG Franchising, LLC (“NTGF”), offers franchises for the “Nick the Greek” 
restaurant concept (“Nick the Greek Restaurants”) across the United States.  NTGF’s principal business 
address is 5765 Winfield Blvd., Ste. 1, San Jose, California 95123. NTGF began offering franchises for 
Nick the Greek Restaurants in December 2018.  As of December 31, 2024 there were 79 operating 
franchised Nick the Greek Restaurant locations and nine operating company-owned Nick the Greek 
Restaurant locations. 
 
We do not have any other affiliates that offer franchises or provide products or services to our 
franchisees. 
 
Taco Cabana Restaurants 
We are offering, under the terms of this disclosure document, the opportunity to become a 
franchisee to develop and operate one or more Taco Cabana Restaurants. Taco Cabana restaurants 
specialize in Mexican-inspired food made fresh by hand using unique recipes and ingredients that reflect 
our rich history.  The Taco Cabana menu currently features a delicious variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner 
tacos, burritos, fajitas, quesadillas, flautas, enchiladas, Cabana Bowls®, Cabana Salads®, double crunch 
pizzas, freshly-made flour tortillas, a selection of made-from-scratch salsas and signature margaritas.  The 
Taco Cabana Mexican-influenced décor adds additional flavor to the guest experience. Typically, a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant will operate in a fast casual format and occupy  approximately 2,500 to 3,200 square 
feet.    
