 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
15 
 
13. The total assumes you acquire the rights to develop a total of five Taco Cabana Restaurants and you 
open the first of those Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Authorized Products and Services 
You may offer for sale and sell in the Taco Cabana Restaurant only the products, services and 
brands that we have designated in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  You must offer all items that we 
designate as mandatory.  We may also designate some items as optional.  We may change the mandatory 
and optional menu items, recipes, ingredients and other products and services in our sole discretion.  We 
may require that you sell certain brands and prohibit you from selling other brands.  You may sell products 
only in the varieties, weights, sizes, forms and packages that we have designated.  You must use only 
authorized ingredients and follow our recipes in the preparation of menu items.  You may not use the 
Franchised Location for the sale or display of items not authorized by us. Within 15 days after we provide 
written notice to you, you must begin selling any newly authorized menu items (or using any newly 
authorized ingredients) and cease selling any menu item that is no longer authorized (or using any ingredient 
that is no longer authorized); however, if the discontinued menu item or ingredient could pose a hazard to 
the public or prove detrimental to the system, you must cease selling or using that item or ingredient 
immediately. 
All food and beverages authorized for sale at the Taco Cabana Restaurant must be offered for sale 
under the name that we specify.  We periodically will provide you suggested retail prices for the products 
and services offered at the Taco Cabana Restaurant and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may 
require that you adhere to our suggested prices, including maximum prices.  If you have a suggestion for a 
new menu item or ingredient (or for a change to an authorized menu item or ingredient) or you wish to 
participate in a test market program, you must notify us before you implement any such change or 
commence any such program.  You may not add or modify any menu item or participate in a test market 
program without first obtaining our prior written approval. 
Supplier Approval Process 
We have the right to require that all food and non-food products, supplies, equipment and services 
that you purchase for use, sale or resale in the Taco Cabana Restaurant: (a) meet specifications that we 
establish from time to time; (b) be purchased only from suppliers to whom we have consented (which may 
include us and/or our affiliates); and/or (c) be purchased only from a single source or from a limited number 
of designated sources (which may include us and/or our affiliates).  To the extent that we establish 
specifications, require our consent to suppliers or designate specific suppliers for particular items, we will 
publish our requirements in the Manual or otherwise in writing.  We have developed and may continue to 
develop certain proprietary food products that will be prepared by or for us according to our proprietary 
special recipes and formulas, and you agree to purchase those food products developed by us pursuant to a 
special recipe or formula only from us, our affiliates or a third party designated and licensed by us to prepare 
and sell those products. We may create purchasing restrictions to control the quality and selection, and 
ensure the consistency, of menu items, ingredients and other merchandise; to consolidate System purchases 
to reduce costs or ensure availability of products; or for other valid business reasons. 
You may not engage in “grey market” activities in which you take advantage of any group 
purchasing arrangements for Taco Cabana Restaurants to purchase products that you then resell to 
purchasers outside of the System or use in a business outside of the System. 
