 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
38 
01/25 
 
29. 
Miscellaneous. 
29.1 
Control During Crisis Situation.  If an event occurs at the Franchised Restaurant that has or 
reasonably may cause harm or injury to customers, guests or employees (i.e., food spoilage/poisoning, food 
tampering/sabotage, slip and fall injuries, natural disasters, robberies, shootings, Data Breach, etc.) or may 
damage the Marks, the System or our reputation (collectively “Crisis Situation”), you must: (a) immediately 
contact appropriate emergency care providers to assist it in curing the harm or injury; and (b) immediately 
inform us by telephone of the Crisis Situation.  You must refrain from making any internal or external 
announcements (i.e., no communication with the news media) regarding the Crisis Situation (unless otherwise 
directed by us or public health officials). 
29.1.1 To the extent we deem appropriate, in our sole discretion, we or our designee may 
control the manner in which the Crisis Situation is handled by the parties, including, without limitation, 
conducting all communication with the news media, providing care for injured persons and/or temporarily 
closing the Franchised Restaurant.  The parties acknowledge that, in directing the management of any Crisis 
Situation, we or our designee may engage the services of attorneys, experts, doctors, testing laboratories, public 
relations firms and those other professionals as we deem appropriate.  You and your employees must cooperate 
fully with us or our designee in our efforts and activities in this regard and will be bound by all further Crisis 
Situation procedures developed by us from to time hereafter.  The indemnification under Section 23 will 
include all losses and expenses that may result from the exercise by us or our designee of the management 
rights granted in this Section 29.1. 
29.2 
Compliance with U.S. Laws.  You acknowledge that under applicable U.S. law, including, 
without limitation, Executive Order 13224, signed on September 23, 2001 (“Order”), we are prohibited from 
engaging in any transaction with any person engaged in, or with a person aiding any person engaged in, acts 
of terrorism, as defined in the Order.  Accordingly, you represent and warrant to us that, as of the Effective 
Date, neither you nor any person holding any ownership interest in you, controlled by you, or under common 
control with you is designated under the Order as a person with whom business may not be transacted by us, 
and that you: (a) do not, and hereafter will not, engage in any terrorist activity; (b) are not affiliated with and 
do not support any individual or entity engaged in, contemplating, or supporting terrorist activity; and (c) are 
not acquiring the rights granted under this Agreement with the intent to generate funds to channel to any 
individual or entity engaged in, contemplating, or supporting terrorist activity, or to otherwise support or 
further any terrorist activity. 
29.3 
No Guarantee of Success.  This Agreement involves significant legal and business rights and 
risks. We do not guarantee your success. You have not received from us or our affiliates or anyone acting on 
our behalf any representation of your potential sales, expenses, income, profit or loss.  You have conducted an 
independent investigation of the business contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that the nature of the 
business conducted by Taco Cabana Restaurants may change over time.  The prospect for success of the 
business undertaken by you is speculative and depends to a material extent upon your personal commitment, 
capability and direct involvement in the day-to-day management of the business. 
29.4 
Site Authorization.  Acceptance of one or more sites by us and our refusal to accept other sites 
is not a representation that a Franchised Restaurant at a site we have authorized will achieve a certain sales 
volume or a certain level of profitability, or that a Franchised Restaurant at a site we have authorized will have 
a higher sales volume or be more profitable than a site which we did not accept.  Acceptance by us merely 
means that the minimum criteria which we have established for identifying suitable sites for proposed Taco 
Cabana Restaurants have been met.  Because real estate development is an art and not a precise science, you 
agree that acceptance, or refusal to accept a proposed site by us, whether or not a site review report is completed 
and/or submitted to us will not impose any liability or obligation on us.  The decision whether to develop a 
particular site is yours, subject to acceptance of the site by us.  Preliminary acceptance of a proposed site by 
