 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
16 
01/25 
 
provided, nothing in this Agreement is intended, or will be deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any 
person or legal entity other than you and us. 
18.4 
Reasonable Business Judgment.  Whenever we reserve discretion in a particular area or 
where we agree to exercise our rights reasonably or in good faith, we will satisfy our obligations whenever we 
exercise reasonable business judgment (“Reasonable Business Judgment”) in making our decision or 
exercising our rights.  Our decisions or actions will be deemed to be the result of Reasonable Business 
Judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, if our decision or 
action is intended, in whole or significant part, to promote or benefit the System generally even if the decision 
or action also promotes our financial or other individual interest.  Examples of items that will promote or benefit 
the System include, without limitation, enhancing the value of the Marks, improving customer service and 
satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization and 
improving the competitive position of the System. 
18.5 
Force Majeure.  If the performance of any obligation by you or us under this Agreement is 
prevented, hindered or delayed by reason of Force Majeure, which cannot be overcome by reasonable 
commercial measures, your and our respective obligations (to the extent that you and we, having exercised 
best efforts, are prevented, hindered or delayed in such performance) will be suspended during the period of 
the Force Majeure event.  The party whose performance is affected by an event of Force Majeure will give 
prompt written notice of the Force Majeure event to the other party of the Force Majeure event and an estimate 
as to its duration. 
18.5.1 As used in this Agreement, “Force Majeure” means any act of God, strike, lock-out 
or other industrial disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), riot, epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of disease, 
fire or other catastrophe, act of any government or a third party and any other cause not within the control of 
the affected party (including, without limitation, any act of terrorism).  The existence of Force Majeure will 
not affect your obligation to pay us, our affiliates or any supplier any monies owed to us when due.  Your 
inability to obtain financing or pay us any monies owed to us (regardless of the reason) will not constitute 
Force Majeure. 
19. 
Dispute Resolution. 
19.1 
Choice of Law.  This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and 
will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.  Nothing in this Section is intended, or 
will be deemed, to make any Texas law regulating the offer or sale of franchises or business opportunities or 
the franchise relationship applicable to this Agreement if that law would not otherwise be applicable. 
19.2 
Choice of Forum.  The parties agree that, to the extent any disputes cannot be resolved directly 
between them, you must file any suit against us only in the federal or state court having jurisdiction where our 
principal offices are located at the time suit is filed.  We must file suit in the federal or state court located in the 
jurisdiction where our principal offices are located at the time suit is filed or in the jurisdiction where you reside 
or do business or where the Franchised Restaurant is or was located or where the claim arose.  You consent to 
the personal jurisdiction of those courts over you and to venue in those courts. 
19.3 
Limitation of Actions.  Any legal action or proceeding (including a proceeding related to the 
offer and sale of a franchise to you) brought or instituted with respect to any dispute arising from or related to 
this Agreement or with respect to any breach of the terms of this Agreement must be brought or instituted within 
a period of 2 years after the initial occurrence of any act or omission that is the basis of the legal action or 
proceeding, regardless of when discovered.  The preceding limitation period does not apply: (a) with respect to 
payments owed by one party to the other; (b) if prohibited by applicable law; or (c) if applicable law provides 
for a shorter limitations period. 
 
 
