 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
24 
 
a site within 270 days for your first Taco Cabana Restaurant and 180 days for each subsequent location 
after you sign the Franchise Agreement.  If we do not accept a site within that time period, we, at our option, 
may terminate the Franchise Agreement.  We do not own any premises which we lease to franchisees. 
With respect to each proposed site, you must submit to us a site review report consisting of financial 
pro formas, a description of the site, photographs, demographic information, site characteristics (including 
access and egress points and the amount of road traffic), other restaurant options in the area, and any other 
information that we may require, including, but not limited to, a letter of intent or other evidence satisfactory 
to us, which confirms your favorable prospects for obtaining the site.  In addition, we may require a site 
analysis prepared by a third-party vendor at your expense.  We reserve the right to designate the third-party 
vendor used to prepare the site analysis.  Our site selection criteria consider demographic characteristics, 
traffic patterns, parking, character of the neighborhood, competition from other businesses in the area, the 
proximity to other businesses (including restaurants operated or franchised by us or our affiliates), the 
nature of other businesses in proximity to the site and other commercial characteristics (including the 
purchase price, rental obligations and other lease terms for the proposed site) and the size, appearance and 
other physical characteristics.  If the site review report is acceptable, we reserve the right to conduct one 
on-site evaluation of the proposed site before deciding whether to accept the site.  If we conduct an on-site 
evaluation, we may charge you a fee as determined by us, and you must pay all travel, living and other 
expenses incurred by our representative.  Within 60 calendar days after receipt of a complete (as determined 
by us) site review report, we will advise you in writing whether we have accepted the site; however, we 
have no obligation to review any site review report if you or your affiliates are not in full compliance with 
all agreements with us and/or our affiliates.  If we do not respond within that time period, we will be deemed 
to have denied acceptance of the site.  Our acceptance or denial of acceptance of a site may be subject to 
reasonable conditions as determined in our sole discretion. 
Our acceptance of a site does not constitute a representation or warranty of any kind, express or 
implied, of the site’s suitability for a Taco Cabana Restaurant or any other purpose.  Our authorization 
indicates only that we believe that the site meets our then-current site selection criteria.  Applying criteria 
that have appeared effective with other sites might not accurately reflect the potential for all sites, and 
demographic and/or other factors included in or excluded from our criteria could change, altering the 
potential of a site.  The uncertainty and instability of these criteria are beyond our control, and we are not 
responsible if a site we accept fails to meet your expectations.  Your submission of a proposed site for our 
acceptance is based on your own independent investigation of the site’s suitability for a Taco Cabana 
Restaurant. 
We do not provide any assistance with conforming the premises to local ordinances and building 
codes, nor do we assist you in obtaining any required permits and/or constructing, remodeling or decorating 
the premises and/or in hiring and training employees. 
Typical Time Between Agreement Signing and Opening 
The length of time between signing of the Franchise Agreement and the opening of the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant is typically 15 months.  Factors affecting the length of time between the execution of the 
Franchise Agreement and the opening of the Taco Cabana Restaurant include the sourcing of economically 
viable sites, site plan and building permit approvals, obtaining any site licenses and government approvals, 
constructing the building and site improvements, weather variations and hiring, and training managers and 
hourly employees. 
