 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
14 
01/25 
 
the Franchised Restaurant constitutes advertising and promotion subject to this Section 8, and you agree to 
comply with any additional policies and standards we issue from time to time with respect to Social Media.  
You acknowledge that any copyright in your sites or pages on any Social Media will be deemed to be owned 
by us, and you agree to sign any documents that we reasonably deem necessary to affirm our ownership of the 
copyright.  If necessary, you must ensure cooperation with us by any web site service provider or web site 
hosting company with which you do business.  You represent that you have or will have the lawful right to use 
any proprietary materials of others that appear on your sites or pages on Social Media.  We periodically may 
provide to you content for your sites and pages on Social Media, including copy, news stories and photographs.  
We must consent to any changes to your sites and pages on Social Media. 
8.10 
Public and Media Relations. You agree that you will not issue any press or other media 
releases or other communications without our prior consent.  As a franchisee of the System, you agree to only 
participate in internal and external communications activities that create goodwill, enhance our public image 
and build the Taco Cabana brand. 
9. 
Training. 
9.1 
Initial Training Program. 
9.1.1 
Before the Franchised Restaurant opens for business, you (or your Operating 
Principal), the Franchised Restaurant’s general manager, and at least two other managerial personnel whom 
we designate (collectively, “Trained Personnel”) must attend, and become certified in, the Initial Training 
Program (“ITP”).  We will provide the ITP at a Taco Cabana Restaurant operated by us or our affiliates, at our 
designated training facilities and/or online.  We also have the right to provide some or all of the ITP remotely 
via the Internet or some other communication format.  We will not authorize the Franchised Restaurant to open 
until those employees whom we designate have attended and successfully completed (as determined by us in 
our sole discretion) the ITP. 
9.1.2 
Upon our request, as a prerequisite to the ITP, attendees must successfully complete 
(as determined by us), at your cost, a ServSafe food safety training and certification program currently 
administered by the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation. 
9.1.3 
You must pay all salaries, benefits, travel, living and other expenses incurred by the 
Trained Personnel while attending the training.  We have the right to dismiss from the ITP any person whom 
we believe will not perform acceptably in the position for which he/she has been hired, and you must provide 
a suitable replacement within 30 days of dismissal.  In that event, we have no obligation to extend the Opening 
Date.  Additional employees who desire to attend the ITP may do so, subject to space availability and your 
payment of a training fee as determined by us. 
9.1.4 
If any of your Trained Personnel fail to complete the ITP to our satisfaction, we may 
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 19.1.1 or permit the applicable Trained Personnel to repeat the 
ITP at the next available scheduled training session; however, we will have no obligation to extend the Opening 
Date.  We may charge a fee as determined by us if any Trained Personnel are required to repeat the ITP. 
9.2 
Ongoing Training; Training of Replacement Personnel. 
9.2.1 
We may require you and your Trained Personnel to attend and complete satisfactorily 
various training courses that we periodically choose to provide at the times and locations that we designate, as 
well as periodic conventions, regional meetings, and conferences that we specify.  We may charge a fee as 
determined by us for these courses and meetings.  You will be required to pay all salaries, benefits, travel, 
living and other expenses incurred by you and your employees during all training courses and programs. 
