 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
10 
01/25 
 
10. 
General Release.  You (on behalf of yourself and your parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) (collectively, 
“Releasors”) freely and without any influence forever release and covenant not to sue us, our parent, 
subsidiaries and affiliates and their and our respective past and present officers, directors, shareholders, 
members, managers, agents and employees, in their corporate and individual capacities, with respect to any 
and all claims, demands, liabilities and causes of action of whatever kind or nature, whether known or 
unknown, vested or contingent, suspected or unsuspected (collectively, “Claims”), that any Releasor now 
owns, has or claims to have or holds, or may in the future own or hold, or at any prior time owned, held, had 
or claimed to have, based on, arising out of or relating to, in whole or in part any fact, event, conduct or 
omission occurring on or before the Effective Date, including, without limitation, Claims arising under federal, 
state and local laws, rules and ordinances and Claims arising out of, or relating to this Agreement and all other 
agreements between any Releasor and us or our parent, subsidiaries or affiliates, the sale of any franchise to 
any Releasor, the development and operation of the Franchised Restaurants and the development and operation 
of all other restaurants operated by any Releasor that are franchised by us.  Releasors expressly agree that fair 
consideration has been given by us for this release, and they fully understand that this is a negotiated, complete 
and final release of all claims. 
11. 
Covenants. 
11.1 
Confidential Information.  During and after the Development Term, you may not 
communicate, divulge or use for any purpose other than the development and/or operation of the Franchised 
Restaurants, any confidential information, knowledge, trade secrets or know-how which may be communicated 
to you or which you may learn by virtue of this Agreement or the operation of the Franchised Restaurants.  You 
may divulge confidential information only to your professional advisers, your employees who must have access 
to the information to develop or operate the Franchised Restaurants, your contractors and your landlords, 
provided that you obtain our prior consent.  All information, knowledge and know-how relating to us, our 
business plans or the System are deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement, except information that 
you can demonstrate came to your attention by lawful means prior to our disclosure, or that is or becomes a 
part of the public domain other than through you.  At our request, you will require your employees and any 
other person or entity to whom you wish to disclose any confidential information, to sign agreements providing 
that they will maintain the confidentiality of the disclosed information.  The agreements, which may be provided 
by us, must be in a form satisfactory to us and must identify us as a third-party beneficiary with the independent 
right to enforce the agreements. 
11.2 
Restrictions During the Development Term.  You acknowledge and agree that:  (a) pursuant 
to this Agreement, you will have access to valuable trade secrets, specialized training and confidential 
information from us and our affiliates regarding the development, operation, management, purchasing, sales 
and marketing methods and techniques of the System; (b) the System and the opportunities, associations and 
experience established by us and acquired by you under this Agreement are of substantial and material value; 
(c) in developing the System, we and our affiliates have made and continue to make substantial investments of 
time, technical and commercial research and money; (d) we would be unable to adequately protect the System 
and its trade secrets and confidential information against unauthorized use or disclosure and would be unable 
to adequately encourage a free exchange of ideas and information among Taco Cabana Restaurants if 
franchisees 
were 
permitted 
to 
hold 
interests 
in 
competitive 
businesses; 
and  
(e) restrictions on your right to hold interests in, or perform services for, competitive businesses will not hinder 
your activities.  Accordingly, you agree that, during the Development Term, you will not, without our prior 
written consent, either directly or indirectly through any other person or entity: 
11.2.1 
Divert or attempt to divert any business or customer, or potential business or 
customer, of any Taco Cabana Restaurant to any Competitive Business (as defined in Section 11.2.4). 
11.2.2 
Directly or indirectly own, manage, engage in, advise, make loans to, be employed 
by, assist or have any interest in any Competitive Business (as defined in Section 11.2.4). 
