 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
38 
 
Provision 
Section In Development 
Agreement 
Summary 
Development or Franchise Agreement to which 
they are a party and with any agreement with 
lenders that have provided financing pursuant to 
an arrangement with us; and reasonable sales 
price. 
If you propose to admit a new owner having less 
than a 10% ownership interest, remove an 
existing owner or change the distribution of 
ownership, conditions include:  provide notice; 
submit copies of all proposed contracts and 
other information that we request; pay 
applicable transfer fee (see Item 6); compliance 
with Development Agreement and any other 
agreement with us, our affiliate, any lenders that 
have provided financing pursuant to an 
arrangement with us and your major suppliers; 
sign general release; and if applicable, sign 
guarantee; and comply with governing 
documents requirements. 
n. 
Our right of first refusal 
to acquire your 
business 
Section 9.9 
We have the right, exercisable within 30 days 
after we receive your notice of transfer, to send 
written notice to you that we intend to purchase 
the interest or assets proposed to be transferred.  
Our right of first refusal will not apply to 
transfers for convenience of ownership or 
transfers to your spouse or adult son or daughter 
as a result of death or permanent incapacity, 
provided that the transferee meets all criteria 
required for new franchisees. 
o. 
Our option to purchase 
your business 
Section 20 
Upon the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement for any reason, we will 
have the option to purchase from you some or 
all of the assets used int eh Franchised 
Restaurant. 
p. 
Your death or disability 
Section 9.6 
If the Transfer is a transfer of direct or indirect 
ownership interests in you after the death or 
permanent incapacity of an owner, that person’s 
executor, administrator or personal 
representative must apply to us within 3 months 
for consent to transfer the person’s interest.  All 
conditions of transfer apply (see m. above).  If 
the interest is not disposed of within 6 months 
after the event, we may terminate the 
Development Agreement. 
q. 
Non-competition 
covenants during the 
development term 
Section 11.2 
No interest in any Competitive Business.  
“Competitive Business” means any business, 
store, restaurant or location:  (1) whose sales of 
Tex-Mex and Mexican-style  entrees  
collectively are reasonably likely to account for 
10% or more of the food sales of the business in 
any calendar month; and/or (2) whose trade 
dress is similar to that used in the System.  
