 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
3 
01/25 
 
1.3.3 
Operate and license others to operate delivery kitchens devoted to the preparation of 
products authorized for sale at Taco Cabana Restaurants (often referred to as ghost, dark or cloud kitchens), 
which may use the Marks and may deliver to customers regardless of their location and expressly including 
customers residing in or working in your Protected Area. 
1.3.4 
Merchandise and distribute products identified by any of the Marks to foodservice 
businesses in the Protected Area (other than Taco Cabana Restaurants), provided those foodservice businesses 
are not licensed to use the Marks in connection with their retail sales. 
1.3.5 
Develop and/or own other franchise systems and other restaurants for the same or 
similar products and services using trade names and trademarks other than the Marks. 
1.3.6 
Sell and distribute, or license others to sell and distribute, directly or indirectly, 
products identified by any of the Marks at special events in the Protected Area. 
1.3.7 
Sell and distribute, or license others to sell and distribute, directly or indirectly, 
products identified by any of the Marks over the Internet or in the metaverse. 
1.3.8 
Purchase, be purchased by, merge or combine with, businesses that directly compete 
with Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
1.4 
Reserved Rights.  Section 1.3 does not prohibit us from, among other things: (a) operating or 
licensing others to operate, during the Term, Taco Cabana Restaurants at any location outside the Protected 
Area; and (b) operating or licensing others to operate, after the Term terminates or expires, Taco Cabana 
Restaurants at any location, including the Franchised Location.  We reserve to ourselves all rights to use and 
license the System and the Marks other than those expressly granted under this Agreement. 
2. 
Term; Successor Term. 
2.1 
Term.  The Term begins on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated at an 
earlier date as provided in Section 19, expires at midnight on the day preceding the 10th anniversary of the date 
the Franchised Restaurant first opened for business.  (We may complete and forward to you a notice to 
memorialize the date the Franchised Restaurant first opened for business.)  If, during the Term, you lose the 
right to possession of the Franchised Location through no action or failure to act on your part (other than the 
failure to extend the lease for the Franchised Location through the Term), you may relocate the Franchised 
Restaurant (without paying us any additional Initial Franchise Fee) at your expense, and the Term will not 
expire if:  (a) we accept the new location; (b) you construct and equip a new Franchised Restaurant at the new 
location in accordance with our then-current System standards and specifications; (c) the Franchised 
Restaurant is open to the public for business at the new location within 6 months after your loss of possession 
of the Franchised Location; and (d) you reimburse us for all reasonable expenses actually incurred by us in 
connection with the acceptance of the new location.  We may condition our consent to your relocation request 
upon, among other things, your payment of an agreed upon minimum Royalty to us during the period in which 
the Franchised Restaurant is not in operation. 
2.2 
Successor Term.  When this Agreement expires, you will have the option to obtain 1 
successor franchise term equal to the successor term then being offered to franchisees, unless: (a) we have 
announced a decision to stop franchising the Taco Cabana Restaurant concept; or (b) we decide to withdraw 
the Taco Cabana Restaurant concept from the geographic market in which the Franchised Restaurant is located.  
You must give us written notice of your desire to exercise your option not more than 12 months, and not less 
than 6 months, before the end of the then-expiring Term.  We may require you to satisfy any or all of the 
following as a condition of exercising your option for the successor franchise term: 
