 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
29 
01/25 
 
19.1.7 You knowingly falsify any report required to be furnished to us or knowingly make 
any material misrepresentation in your dealings with us or knowingly fail to disclose any material facts to us. 
19.1.8 You, any 10% Owner, any guarantor under this Agreement or any of your managers, 
members, officers or directors is convicted of, or pleads no contest to, a crime that we reasonably believe is 
likely to harm the reputation of the System or our goodwill. 
19.1.9 Any Transfer that requires our prior written consent occurs without your having 
obtained that prior written consent or occurs on terms contrary to or not included in our prior written consent. 
19.1.10 You, your Operating Principal, any 10% Owner or any other entity that is a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant franchisee and in which you, your Operating Principal or any 10% Owner have a direct or 
indirect ownership interest remain in default beyond the applicable cure period under:  (a) any other agreement 
with us or our affiliates; (b) any real estate lease, equipment lease or financing instrument relating to the 
Franchised Restaurant; or (c) any agreement with any vendor or supplier to the Franchised Restaurant; provided 
that if the default is not by you, we provide you written notice of the default and 10 days to cure the default. 
19.1.11 You refuse to permit, or try to hinder, an examination or audit of your books and 
records or inspection of the Franchised Restaurant or Franchised Location as permitted by this Agreement. 
19.1.12 Any condition exists with respect to the Franchised Restaurant that, in our reasonable 
judgment, seriously jeopardizes public health or safety. 
19.1.13 You lose the right to operate at the Franchised Location and, if applicable, fail to 
secure our acceptance of another site within the time permitted by Section 2.1. 
19.1.14 During any 12-month period, you fail to operate the Franchised Restaurant for 3 or 
more consecutive days, or 5 total days, that you were required to operate the Franchised Restaurant, unless we 
determine, in our sole discretion, that such failure was beyond your control. 
19.1.15 An entity that is not a party to this Agreement is operating the Franchised Restaurant 
without our prior written consent. 
19.2 
Termination Following Expiration of Cure Period. 
19.2.1 Except for those items listed in Sections 19.1, 19.2.2 and 19.2.3, you will have 30 
days after written notice of default from us within which to remedy the default and provide evidence of that 
remedy to us. If any default is not cured within that time, this Agreement will terminate without further notice 
to you effective immediately upon expiration of that time, unless we notify you otherwise in writing. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the default cannot be corrected within 30 days, you will have that additional 
time to correct the default as we believe to be reasonably required (not to exceed 90 days) provided that you 
begin taking the actions necessary to correct the default during the 30-day cure period and diligently and in 
good faith pursue those actions to completion. You will be in default under this Section 19.2.1 for any failure 
to materially comply with any of the requirements imposed by this Agreement or otherwise in writing, or to 
carry out the terms of this Agreement in good faith. 
19.2.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 19.2.1, if you fail to pay any monies owed 
to us or our affiliates when those monies become due and payable and you fail to pay those monies within 10 
days after receiving written notice of default, this Agreement will terminate effective immediately upon 
expiration of that time, unless we notify you otherwise in writing. 
