 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
26 
01/25 
 
fair market value.  The appraisers’ fees and costs will be borne equally by us and you.  Any material change 
in the terms of the offer from a third party after we have elected not to purchase the seller’s interest will 
constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal as the third party’s initial offer. 
16.9.3 
At any point, we may decline to exercise our rights under this Section.  The decision 
by us and/or our designee to decline to exercise our right of first refusal will not constitute our consent to the 
proposed Transfer or a waiver of any other provision of this Section 16 with respect to the proposed Transfer.  
If we elect not to exercise our rights under this Section, you may not complete the Transfer until you have 
complied with this Section 16.  Closing of that Transfer must occur within 90 days of our election (or that 
longer period as applicable law may require); otherwise, the third-party’s offer will be treated as a new offer 
subject to our right of first refusal.  The Transfer is conditional upon our determination that the Transfer was 
completed on terms substantially the same as those offered to us.  You must provide to us copies of all fully-
executed agreements and any other information we request relating to the Transfer. 
17. 
General Release.  You (on behalf of yourself and your parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) (collectively, 
“Releasors”) freely and without any influence forever release and covenant not to sue us, our parent, 
subsidiaries and affiliates and their and our respective past and present officers, directors, shareholders, 
members, managers, agents and employees, in their corporate and individual capacities, with respect to any 
and all claims, demands, liabilities and causes of action of whatever kind or nature, whether known or 
unknown, vested or contingent, suspected or unsuspected (collectively, “Claims”), that any Releasor now 
owns, has or claims to have or holds, or may in the future own or hold, or at any prior time owned, held, had 
or claimed to have, based on, arising out of or relating to, in whole or in part any fact, event, conduct or 
omission occurring on or before the Effective Date, including, without limitation, Claims arising under federal, 
state and local laws, rules and ordinances and Claims arising out of, or relating to this Agreement and all other 
agreements between any Releasor and us or our parent, subsidiaries or affiliates, the sale of any franchise to 
any Releasor, the development and operation of the Franchised Restaurant and the development and operation 
of all other restaurants operated by any Releasor that are franchised by us.  Releasors expressly agree that fair 
consideration has been given by us for this release, and they fully understand that this is a negotiated, complete 
and final release of all claims. 
18. 
Covenants. 
18.1 
Confidential Information.  During and after the Term, you may not communicate, divulge 
or use for any purpose other than the development and/or operation of the Franchised Restaurant any 
confidential information, knowledge, trade secrets or know-how which may be communicated to you or which 
you may learn by virtue of this Agreement or the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.  You may divulge 
confidential information only to your professional advisers, your employees who must have access to the 
information to develop or operate the Franchised Restaurant, your contractors and your landlord, provided that 
you obtain our prior consent.  All information, knowledge and know-how relating to us, our business plans or 
the System are deemed confidential for purposes of this Agreement, except information that you can 
demonstrate came to your attention by lawful means prior to our disclosure, or that is or becomes a part of the 
public domain other than through you.  At our request, you will require your employees, and any other person 
or entity to whom you wish to disclose any confidential information to sign agreements providing that they 
will maintain the confidentiality of the disclosed information.  The agreements, which may be provided by us, 
must be in a form satisfactory to us and must identify us as a third-party beneficiary with the independent right 
to enforce the agreements. 
18.2 
Restrictions During the Term.  You acknowledge and agree that:  (a) pursuant to this 
Agreement, you will have access to valuable trade secrets, specialized training and confidential information 
from us and our affiliates regarding the development, operation, management, purchasing, sales and marketing 
methods and techniques of the System; (b) the System and the opportunities, associations and experience 
established by us and acquired by you under this Agreement are of substantial and material value; (c) in 
