 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
3 
01/25 
 
or licensing others to operate, during the Development Term, Taco Cabana Restaurants at any location outside 
of the Development Area; or (b) operating, or licensing others to operate, after the Development Term 
terminates or expires, Taco Cabana Restaurants at any location, including locations in the Development Area. 
2.3 
The restrictions contained in this Section 2 do not apply to Taco Cabana Restaurants in 
operation, under lease or construction or other commitment to open in the Development Area as of the Effective 
Date. 
3. 
Development Schedule. 
3.1 
Your Development Obligations.  During the Development Term, you must develop, open and 
continuously operate in the Development Area the number of Franchised Restaurants specified in the 
Development Schedule.  For each Franchised Restaurant to be developed during the Development Term, you 
must obtain our written authorization of the site by the applicable Site Authorization date listed in the 
Development Schedule (“Site Authorization Date”) and develop and open the Franchised Restaurant by the 
applicable opening date listed in the Development Schedule (“Opening Date”).  Your strict compliance with 
the Development Schedule is essential to this Agreement.  Any failure by you in fulfilling your obligations to 
obtain site authorization for a Franchised Restaurant by the applicable Site Authorization Date or develop and 
open a Franchised Restaurant by the applicable Opening Date will constitute a material, non-curable breach of 
this Agreement, which will permit us to terminate this Agreement immediately by giving you written notice of 
termination.  TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE. 
3.2 
Effect of Sale of a Franchised Restaurant.  If, during the Development Term, you sell (and 
we consent to the sale of) a Franchised Restaurant developed pursuant to this Agreement, and you are not in 
default of the Franchise Agreement for that Franchised Restaurant, we will continue to count that Taco Cabana 
Restaurant as a Franchised Restaurant under the Development Schedule, provided that the restaurant continues 
to be operated pursuant to a Franchise Agreement with us. 
3.3 
Affiliated Entity.  At your request, we will permit the Franchise Agreement for any Franchised 
Restaurant in the Development Area to be executed by a business entity formed by you to develop and operate 
the Franchised Restaurant (“Affiliated Entity”), provided all of the following conditions are met:  (a) you and 
your owners own at least 51% of the ownership interests in the Affiliated Entity; (b) the Affiliated Entity 
conducts no business other than the operation of the Franchised Restaurant; (c) you and your owners agree to 
assume full and unconditional liability for, and agree to perform all obligations, covenants and agreements 
contained in, the Franchise Agreement; (d) the Affiliated Entity and all those with ownership interests in the 
Affiliated Entity meet our financial, operational and other standards, as determined by us in our sole discretion, 
and you provide us all reasonably requested information to permit us to make that determination; and (e) you 
make the request in writing and provide us a copy of the Affiliated Entity’s governing documents and any other 
information required by this Section 3.3 at the time that you submit the applicable Site Authorization package. 
4. 
Fees. 
4.1 
Development Fee.  You must pay us, at the time that this Agreement is executed, a 
development fee equal to $10,000 for each Franchised Restaurant that you have agreed to develop in the 
Development Area during the Development Term (“Development Fee”).  The total amount of the Development 
Fee paid by you is set forth in Exhibit A.  The Development Fee is fully earned by us when this Agreement is 
signed, is not refundable, and is not credited against any other fees to be paid to us. 
4.2 
Initial Franchise Fee.  In addition to the Development Fee, you must pay us an initial franchise 
fee (“Initial Franchise Fee”) for each Franchised Restaurant that you develop under this Agreement in 
accordance with the following: (i) the Initial Franchise Fee for the first Franchised Restaurant being developed 
is $45,000; (ii) the Initial Franchise Fee for each subsequent  Franchised Restaurant is $35,000.  The Initial 
