 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025  
 
MARYLAND 
 
 
The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to Maryland statutes and regulations.  Item 
numbers correspond to those in the main body: 
 
Item 17. The following statements are added to Item 17: 
The franchise agreements provide for termination upon bankruptcy.  These provisions may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. 
 
Any provisions requiring you to sign a general release of claims against Taco Cabana, including 
upon renewal or transfer, does not release any claim you may have under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought 
within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Each provision of these Additional Disclosures will be effective only to the extent, with respect to 
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law are met independently without reference to these Additional Disclosures. 
Exhibit B – The Development Agreement is amended as follows: 
 
1. The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 9.3.4 and 10: 
Any provision requiring you to sign a general release of claims against us does not release 
any claim you may have under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
2. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 19.2: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising 
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
3. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 19.3: 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must 
be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
4. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 21: 
Section 14-226 of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law prohibits a 
franchisor from requiring a prospective developer to assent to any release, estoppel, or 
waiver of liability as a condition of purchasing a franchise.  Representations in this 
Agreement are not intended to, nor will they act as a release, estoppel, or waiver of any 
liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
5. The provisions set forth above will be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional 
requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law are met. 
