 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
 
01/25 
 
TACO CABANA FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) is made as of  
 
 (“Effective Date”) by and 
between Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. (“Taco Cabana,” “we” or “us”), a Texas corporation with a principal 
business address at 1077 Central Parkway South, Unit 600, San Antonio, Texas 78232 and  
 
 
 
 
 
 (“Franchisee,” “you” or “your”), a  
 
 
 with a principal 
business address at  
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
RECITALS 
We and our affiliates have developed a distinctive format, appearance and set of specifications and 
operating procedures (collectively, “System”) relating to the development, establishment and operation of 
restaurants identified by the Marks (as defined below) that feature premium quality, traditional Mexican-style 
food, including tacos, fajitas, burritos, flautas and other food and beverage items, and Mexican-influenced 
décors (“Taco Cabana Restaurants”). 
The distinguishing characteristics of the System include, but are not limited to, our décor, layout, color 
schemes and designs (collectively, “Trade Dress”); our menu items, recipes and food preparation and service 
techniques; our standards and specifications for equipment, equipment layouts and interior and exterior 
accessories; and the accumulated experience reflected in our training program, operating procedures and 
standards and specifications.  We may periodically change, improve, add to and further develop the elements 
of the System. 
The System is identified by means of the “Taco Cabana” name and mark and certain other names, 
marks, logos, insignias, slogans, emblems, symbols and designs that have been designated, or may in the future 
be designated, for use with the System (collectively, “Marks”).  We have the right to use, and permit our 
franchisees to use, the Marks.  We may modify the Marks, including the principal Marks. 
You desire to be granted the opportunity, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to 
develop and operate a franchised Taco Cabana Restaurant (“Franchised Restaurant”) at the location 
identified on attached Exhibit A (“Franchised Location”). 
You understand and acknowledge the importance of our high and uniform standards of quality, 
operations and service and the necessity of developing and operating the Franchised Restaurant in strict 
conformity with this Agreement and our confidential operating manuals (“Manual”). 
We are willing to grant you the opportunity to develop and operate the Franchised Restaurant at the 
Franchised Location, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
