 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
33 
 
Description of Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
 
7,000,571 
March 14, 2023 
 
 
7,000,570 
March 14, 2023 
 
 
6,999,962 
March 14, 2023 
 
Taco Cabana IP Company intends to renew the registrations at the end of the initial registration 
period, and intends to file all appropriate affidavits of continued use when required. 
We have entered into a license agreement (“IP License Agreement”) with Taco Cabana IP 
Company dated as of March 14, 2023, under which we have a license to use, and license third parties to 
use, the Marks. The IP License Agreement is for a ten year term and will automatically renew for additional 
ten year terms unless terminated by Taco Cabana IP Company as the result of our breach.  If the IP License 
Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, the agreement provides that Taco Cabana IP Company 
will continue to honor the rights we granted to you.  No other agreement limits our rights to use or license 
the use of the Marks. 
We will provide you guidelines for the use of the Marks and Trade Dress.  You must follow our 
guidelines and rules when you use the Marks and Trade Dress.  You cannot use the Marks and Trade Dress 
in any manner not authorized by us or in any corporate or legal name.  You cannot use any other trade 
names, service marks, or trademarks in conjunction with the Taco Cabana Restaurant. 
There are no presently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and 
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court relating to the principal Marks. There 
are no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation involving the 
principal Marks.  Except as stated above, there are no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit 
our right to use or license the use of the Marks or Trade Dress in any manner material to you.  We do not 
know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the principal 
Marks in any state. 
The Franchise Agreement does not contain any provisions under which we are required to defend 
or indemnify you against any claims of infringement or unfair competition arising out of your use of the 
Marks or Trade Dress.  The Franchise Agreement does require that you notify us promptly of any 
unauthorized use of the Marks or Trade Dress and any challenge by any person or entity to the validity of, 
our ownership of, or our right to use, any of the Marks or Trade Dress.  We have the right, but not the 
obligation, to initiate, direct, and control any litigation or administrative proceedings relating to the Marks 
