Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
September 29, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
7 
1. Organization and Description of Business 
Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated in the state of Texas as a Corporation on 
January 17, 2023 (Inception), for the purpose of franchising fast casual restaurants under the concept 
"Taco Cabana." The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Taco Cabana, Inc. (the Parent), which was 
founded in San Antonio, Texas, in 1978. An affiliate entity, Texas Taco Cabana, L.P. (TTC), is the owner 
of all intellectual property rights in certain systems, trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual 
property used in the operation of Taco Cabana restaurants (the TC IP) and has licensed the TC IP and 
other know-how and confidential information to the Company to develop the Taco Cabana franchise 
system to offer, sell, and support the franchised business. During the year ended September 29, 2024, 
TTC transferred its franchise agreement assets to the Company (see Note 3) on behalf of the Parent. 
The Company franchises Taco Cabana restaurants throughout the United States through a ten-year 
royalty free renewable trademark license agreement with its affiliate. The license agreement grants 
the Company a non-exclusive right to use the TC IP and to license the TC IP to franchisees under 
franchise agreements.  
 
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of Presentation 
The Company's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The Company believes this information 
includes all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, necessary to fairly present the 
financial condition. References to ASC and ASU included hereinafter refer to the Accounting 
Standards Codification and Accounting Standards Update, respectively, established by the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) as the source of authoritative GAAP. 
Use of Estimates 
The preparation of the financial statements, in accordance with GAAP, requires that management 
makes certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported 
amount of assets and the disclosure of contingent assets as of the balance sheet date. The actual 
results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
Cash 
The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of 
ninety days or less to be cash equivalents. As of September 29, 2024 and September 30, 2023, 
the Company carried no cash equivalents. 
Accounts Receivable 
Accounts receivable consist mainly of royalty and advertising fund revenues collected from the 
Company's franchisees. Management of the Company has determined there is no need for a reserve 
as of September 29, 2024. 
Franchise Agreements, Net 
Franchise agreements, net, have been determined to have a finite life and are amortized on a 
straight-line basis over 10 years. 
 
