 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025  
 
MINNESOTA 
 
 
The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to Minnesota statutes and regulations.  
Item numbers correspond to those in the main body. 
 
The State Cover Page to the Franchise Disclosure Document and Item 17 are modified by the 
following language: 
 
“Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document shall abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn. 
Stat. § 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction.”   
 
“These franchises have been registered under the Minnesota Franchise Act.  
Registration does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the 
Commissioner of Commerce of Minnesota or a finding by the Commissioner that the 
information provided herein is true, complete and not misleading.” 
 
“The Minnesota Franchise Act makes it unlawful to offer or sell any franchise in this 
state which is subject to registration without first providing to the franchisee, at least 7 days 
prior to the execution by the prospective franchisee of any binding franchise or other 
agreement, or at least 7 days prior to the payment of any consideration by the franchisee, 
whichever occurs first, a copy of this Franchise Disclosure Document, together with a copy 
of all proposed agreements relating to the franchise.  This Franchise Disclosure Document 
contains a summary only of certain material provisions of the franchise agreement.  The 
contract or agreement should be referred to for an understanding of all rights and obligations 
of both the franchisor and franchisee.”   
 
Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, under the heading “Trademarks” shall be 
supplemented by the addition of the following paragraph: 
 
“The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify 
Minnesota franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties 
that the franchisee’s use of the franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights of 
the third party.  The franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a franchisee’s 
use of a franchisor’s trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise 
agreement, and as a condition of indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice to the 
franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender defense of the claim to the franchisor.  If 
the franchisor accepts tender of defense, the franchisor has the right to manage the defense of 
the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, or to 
determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.”   
 
The last paragraph of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be supplemented by the 
addition of the following language: 
 
“Any condition, stipulation or provision, including any choice of law provision, 
purporting to bind any person who, at the time of acquiring a franchise is a resident of the State 
of Minnesota or in the case of a partnership or corporation, organized or incorporated under 
the laws of the State of Minnesota, or purporting to bind a person acquiring any franchise to 
