 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
9 
01/25 
 
6.7 
Interest and Late Fee.  If any payments by you due to us are not received in full by the Due 
Date, in addition to paying the amount owed, you must pay to us interest on the amount owed from the Due 
Date until paid at the lesser of the maximum rate permitted for indebtedness of this nature in the state in which 
the Franchised Restaurant is located or 18% per annum.  In addition, we have the right to charge you a late fee 
of $100 on all payments by you due to us and not received by us by the Due Date.  Payment of a late fee and/or 
interest by you on past due obligations is in addition to all other remedies and rights available to us pursuant 
to this Agreement or under applicable law. 
6.8 
Partial Payments.  No payment by you of a lesser amount than due will be treated as anything 
other than a partial payment on account, regardless of whether you include an endorsement, statement or 
accompanying letter to the effect that payment of the lesser amount constitutes full payment.  We have sole 
discretion to apply any payments by you to any past due indebtedness and we have the right to accept payment 
from any other entity as payment by you without that entity being substituted for you. 
6.9 
Collection Costs and Expenses.  You agree to pay us on demand any and all costs and 
expenses we incur in enforcing the terms of this Agreement, including costs and commissions due a collection 
agency, attorneys’ fees (including attorneys’ fees for in-house counsel employed by us), costs incurred in 
creating or replicating reports demonstrating Gross Sales of the Franchised Restaurant, court costs, expert 
witness fees, discovery costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs on appeal, together with interest charges 
on all of the foregoing. 
7. 
Communications, Accounting and Records. 
7.1 
Recordkeeping.  You will keep complete and accurate books, records and accounts in the 
form and manner prescribed in the Manual.  You must preserve all of your books and records in electronic 
form for at least 7 years from the date of preparation, or longer as required by government regulations, and 
make them available to us within 5 days after our written request. 
7.2 
Computer System.  You must obtain and install, at your expense, the hardware, software and 
network connections (“Computer System”) that we specify from time to time.  We reserve the right to specify 
a vendor or supplier and, if acquired through us, charge you for that hardware, software, support, and other 
related services ourselves.  You agree to:  (a) maintain on the Computer System only the financial and operating 
data specified in the Manual; (b) transmit data to us in the form and at the times required by the Manual; (c) 
give us unrestricted access to your Computer System at all times (including user IDs and passwords, if 
necessary) to download and transfer data via any  connection as we determine; (d) maintain the Computer 
System in good working order at your own expense; (e) replace or upgrade the Computer System as we require 
(but not more than once every 24 months); (f) install high speed Internet and/or communications connections; 
(g) ensure that your employees are adequately trained in the use of the Computer System and our related 
policies and procedures; (h) comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) at 
all times; (i) engage any vendor we designate to ensure the security of your data and compliance with the PCI 
DSS; and (j) use any proprietary software or support service and other proprietary materials that we provide 
to you in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and, if we so require, execute a license 
agreement and pay to us a reasonable license fee for the use of that proprietary software.  You may not install 
any software other than authorized upgrades or make any hardware modifications to the Computer System 
without our express written consent. You acknowledge that computer designs and functions change 
periodically and that we may make substantial modifications to our computer specifications or to require 
installation of entirely different systems during the Term. 
7.3 
Reports and Financial Statements.  You must, at your expense, submit to us, in the form 
prescribed by us, the following reports for the Franchised Restaurant:  (a) a monthly profit and loss and balance 
sheet (both of which may be unaudited) within 20 days after the end of each calendar month; (b) a year to date 
quarterly profit and loss statement and balance sheet (both of which may be unaudited) within 30 days after 
