 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
25 
 
Training 
ITP.  Up to 16 weeks before the Taco Cabana Restaurant opens for business, you (or your 
Operating Principal), the Taco Cabana Restaurant’s general manager and at least 2 other managerial 
personnel whom we designate must attend, and become certified in, the ITP.  This level of training is 
required only for your first Taco Cabana Restaurant.  The length of the ITP is approximately 7 to 10  weeks.  
We offer the ITP during the year on an as-needed basis.  Until you have established a training facility, we 
will provide your employees and you the ITP at our training center in San Antonio, Texas, or any other 
training facility we designate. The ITP is conducted by David Davila our Field Training Manager.  David 
Davila has been conducted training for our affiliate for more than seven years. 
We will not authorize the Taco Cabana Restaurant to open until those employees whom we 
designate have attended and successfully completed (as determined by us in our sole discretion) the ITP.  
Upon our request, as a prerequisite to the ITP, attendees must successfully complete (as determined by us 
in our sole discretion), at your cost, a food safety training and certification program administered by the 
National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation or accepted ANSI program alternative.  We also 
require additional safety training related to serving beer, wine and other liquor items. 
We do not charge a training fee for the ITP for the first three individuals.  Additional employees 
who desire to attend the ITP, and any replacement employees who are required to attend the ITP, however, 
may do so, subject to space availability and your payment of a training fee. You must pay all salaries, 
benefits, travel, living, and other expenses incurred by you and your employees while attending the training.  
We have the right to dismiss from the ITP any person whom we believe will not perform acceptably in the 
position for which he/she has been hired, and you must provide a suitable replacement within 30 days of 
dismissal.  In such event, we will have no obligation to extend the Opening Date (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement). 
If you (or your Operating Principal) fail to complete the ITP to our satisfaction, we may terminate 
the Franchise Agreement or permit you (or your Operating Principal) to repeat the ITP at the next available 
scheduled training session; however, we will have no obligation to extend the Opening Date.  We reserve 
the right to charge a training fee if you (or your Operating Principal) are required to repeat the ITP. 
Certification of Your Training Facility.  If you sign a Development Agreement with us to 
develop more than five Taco Cabana Restaurants, you must establish a training facility (which may be in 
one of the Taco Cabana Restaurants) at which the ITP will be offered. We, in our sole discretion, will 
provide the assistance that we consider to be reasonably necessary to assist you in establishing the training 
facility.  The training facility must be certified by us before you commence any training at the training 
facility, and we may periodically visit and evaluate the training facility and your trainers to ensure that they 
continue to meet our standards.  We may revoke our certification of the training facility if the training 
facility or your trainers cease to meet our standards.  We may charge a fee in connection with the initial 
certification and periodic reevaluation of the training facility.  In addition, you must reimburse us for all 
travel, living, food and other expenses incurred while traveling to and from, and visiting, the training facility 
as we require.  Following our certification, you will train all persons who must complete the initial training 
program at the training facility unless we advise you otherwise or our certification is revoked.  
The following chart summarizes the subjects taught during ITP: 
