 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
21 
01/25 
 
pro rata share of the expenses of the Advisory Board and we may dissolve and subsequently restart, the 
Advisory Board. 
13. 
Marks and Trade Dress. 
13.1 
Limited Right to Use.  Your right to use the Marks and Trade Dress applies only to the 
Franchised Restaurant operated at the Franchised Location as expressly provided in this Agreement.  We will 
provide you guidelines for the use of the Marks and Trade Dress.  Both during and after the Term, you agree 
not to directly or indirectly contest or aid in contesting the validity of our rights and/or our affiliates’ rights in 
the Marks or take any action detrimental to our rights in the Marks and Trade Dress. 
13.2 
Acknowledgments.  You acknowledge that:  (a) the Marks are valid and serve to identify our 
products, services and Taco Cabana Restaurants; (b) your use of the Marks and Trade Dress under this 
Agreement does not give you any ownership interest in them; and (c) all goodwill associated with the Marks 
and Trade Dress inures exclusively to our benefit and is our property.  Upon the expiration or termination of 
the Term, no monetary amount will be attributable to goodwill associated with your activities as a franchisee 
under this Agreement. 
13.3 
Specific Restrictions on Use.  You agree:  (a) to use only the Marks and Trade Dress that we 
designate, and only in the manner we authorize; (b) to use the Marks and Trade Dress only for the operation 
of the Franchised Restaurant at the Franchised Location and in authorized advertising for the Franchised 
Restaurant; (c) to operate and advertise the Franchised Restaurant only under the name “Taco Cabana” without 
prefix or suffix; (d) to display the Marks in the Franchised Restaurant, on the Franchised Location, and on 
brochures and other printed materials, employee uniforms and vehicles only in the manner that we authorize; 
(e) not to use the Marks or any names confusingly similar to the Marks as part of your entity or legal name; (f) 
to permit our representatives to inspect your operations to verify that you are properly using the Marks and 
Trade Dress; (g) to use the Marks to promote and to offer for sale only the products and services that we have 
authorized, and not use any of the Marks or Trade Dress in association with any other products, materials or 
services; (h) not to use or permit the use of the Marks or any names confusingly similar to the Marks as part 
of any Internet domain name or email address or in the operation of any Internet web site without our prior 
written consent; (i) not to use the Marks to incur any obligation or indebtedness on our behalf; and (j) to ensure 
that the Marks bear the “®”, “™”, or “SM” symbol, as we prescribe from time to time. 
13.4 
Changes to the Marks.  We have the absolute right to change, discontinue, or substitute for 
any of the Marks and to adopt new Marks for use with the System without any liability for any impact to the 
System.  You agree to implement any such change at your own expense, regardless of the reason for the change 
or the cost to you of the change, within the time that we reasonably specify. 
13.5 
Third-Party Challenges.  You agree to notify us promptly of any unauthorized use of the 
Marks or Trade Dress that you suspect or of which you have knowledge.  You also agree to inform us promptly 
of any challenge by any person or entity to the validity of, our ownership of, or our right to license others to 
use, any of the Marks or Trade Dress.  You acknowledge and agree that we have the right, but not the 
obligation, to initiate, direct and control any litigation or administrative proceeding relating to the Marks or 
Trade Dress, including, but not limited to, any settlement.  You agree to sign all documents and render any 
other assistance we may deem necessary to the defense or prosecution of any such proceeding. 
