 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
2 
01/25 
 
1. 
Grant of Franchise. 
1.1 
Grant. 
1.1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant to you the right, 
and you undertake the obligation, to use the Marks and the System to continuously operate the Franchised 
Restaurant at the Franchised Location during the term of this Agreement (“Term”). 
1.1.2 You may not use the Marks or the System at any location other than the Franchised 
Location, except as otherwise provided in Section 1.1.3.  You may not relocate the Franchised Restaurant 
without our prior written consent, which we have the right to grant or deny for any reason or no reason We 
have the right to require you to pay a reasonable fee, plus our reasonable expenses incurred in connection with 
consideration of your relocation request. That fee will be identified in our Manual or in another written 
communication to you.  We also may condition our consent to your relocation request upon, among other 
things, your payment of an agreed upon minimum Royalty to us during the period in which the Franchised 
Restaurant is not in operation. 
1.1.3 You will, at all times: (a) faithfully, honestly and diligently perform your obligations 
under this Agreement; (b) continuously exert your best efforts to promote and enhance the business of the 
Franchised Restaurant; and (c) not engage in any other business or activity that may conflict with your 
obligations under this Agreement, except the operation of other Taco Cabana Restaurants or other businesses 
that you operate and that are franchised by us, our parent, affiliates or subsidiaries.  Without our prior written 
consent, you may not use the Marks or the System or sell our proprietary food and beverage products in any 
wholesale, e-commerce or other channel of distribution besides the retail operation of the Franchised 
Restaurant at the Franchised Location and off premises special events and catering within the Protected Area 
(as defined below) as we approve. 
1.2 
Forms of Agreement.  Over time, we may enter into agreements with other franchisees that 
may contain provisions, conditions and obligations that differ from those contained in this Agreement.  The 
existence of different forms of agreement and the fact that we and other franchisees may have different rights 
and obligations does not affect our or your duties to comply with the terms of this Agreement. 
1.3 
Limited Exclusivity.  Provided you are in compliance with this Agreement, during the Term, 
we will not operate, or license others to operate, a Taco Cabana Restaurant in the geographic area described in 
Exhibit A (“Protected Area”).  Notwithstanding this grant of limited exclusivity, during the Term, we may, 
among other things: 
1.3.1 
Operate and license others to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants in the Protected Area 
that are located in transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, subways, ferry terminals, rail and 
bus stations and other public transportation facilities); military bases and government offices; sports facilities 
(including stadiums and arenas); toll road plazas, highway rest areas and travel centers; universities, schools 
and educational facilities; hospitals and other health care facilities; amusement parks and recreational theme 
parks; museums; Indian reservations; casinos and other entertainment or tourist facilities; any location in which 
foodservice is or may be provided by a master concessionaire; and any other similar location we believe, in 
the exercise of our reasonable judgment, to be a captive market location. 
1.3.2 
Manufacture, distribute and sell at wholesale or retail, or license others to 
manufacture, distribute and sell at wholesale or retail, merchandise, products and services, whether or not 
authorized for sale at Taco Cabana Restaurants, under the Marks in the Protected Area through any channel of 
distribution, other a restaurant. 
