 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
13 
01/25 
 
8.5 
Local Marketing. 
8.5.1 
A portion of your Advertising Obligation will be dedicated to local marketing in  
advertising media and other selected advertising and marketing endeavors (“Local Marketing”). The exact 
amount of your Advertising Obligation allocated to Local Marketing shall be set forth in Exhibit A. The 
portion of your Advertising Obligation allocated to Local Marketing will be directed and controlled by us. 
8.5.2 
You may not conduct your own any advertising or marketing without first obtaining 
our advanced written consent, which we have the right to grant or deny for any reason or no reason. If we 
permit you to conduct your own advertising or marketing, you agree to conduct all marketing in a dignified 
manner and in accordance with the standards and requirements we specify periodically.  You agree that all 
advertising and promotional materials must bear the Marks in the form, color, location and manner that we 
prescribe.  We will have the final decision on all creative development of advertising and promotional 
messages. You also agree that we own all advertising and promotional materials developed by you, and you 
will take all actions we specify to vest ownership in us. Any additionally advertising or marketing that we 
permit you to conduct will not reduce your Advertising Obligation.  
8.5.3 
You must submit to us in writing for our prior acceptance all sales promotion materials 
and advertising that have not been prepared, or previously authorized, by us and identify the proposed media 
in which you propose to place the advertising.  If our written consent to the material and its proposed placement 
is not received within 14 days after the date that we received the material, the material may not be used.  In no 
event will your advertising or marketing materials contain any statement or material that, in our sole discretion, 
may be considered:  (a) in bad taste or offensive to the public or to any group of persons; (b) defamatory of 
any person or an attack on any competitor; (c) to infringe upon the use, without permission, of any other 
persons’ trade name, trademark, service mark or identification; (d) inconsistent with the public image of the 
System or the Marks; or (e) not in accordance with any federal or state law.  We reserve the right to require 
you to discontinue the use of any advertising or marketing materials. 
8.6 
Required Listings and Advertising.  We may require that you list and advertise with us and 
other franchisees on electronic yellow pages directories and other on-line directories as we may designate.  We 
reserve the right to place, and subsequently modify or remove, those on-line listings and advertisements on 
your behalf.  Unless we choose to pay for these listings and advertisements from the Brand Fund, you will pay 
your pro rata share of the cost. 
8.7 
Changes in the Advertising Obligation.  We have the right, following written notice to you, 
to reallocate the Advertising Obligation and to increase the Advertising Obligation to the cap set forth in 
Section 6.3. 
8.8 
Point of Sale Materials.  If we develop any point-of-sale materials (other than through the 
use of Brand Fund monies), we may offer to sell those to you at our cost. 
8.9 
Social Media.  You agree not to promote, offer or sell any products or services relating to the 
Franchised Restaurant through, or use any of the Marks in, any form of electronic communications, including 
Internet web sites, social networking sites, applications or other future technological avenues that enable users 
to create and share content or to participate in social networking (collectively, “Social Media”), without our 
prior written consent, which we have the right to withhold for any or no reason.  You must, at all times, comply 
with our Social Media policy, as modified periodically.  You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use 
of any Social Media relating to the Franchised Restaurant is subject to our prior written approval.  Unless 
approved by us, you may not establish an independent site or page on any Social Media.  If we authorize you 
to have and/or design a site or a page on any Social Media for the Franchised Restaurant, your site and page 
may only be accessed from our site or page, and we may prohibit links between your site or page and any other 
site, unless we otherwise advise you.  You acknowledge that any use of Social Media by you with respect to 
