 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
34 
 
or Trade Dress, including any settlement.  You must sign all documents and provide any other assistance 
we believe is necessary for the defense or prosecution of any such litigation or proceeding.  You may not, 
directly or indirectly, contest, or aid in contesting, the validity, or our ownership, of the Marks or Trade 
Dress. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
We do not own any registered patents or copyrights, nor do we have any pending patent 
applications, that are material to your Taco Cabana Restaurant or the System; however, we claim common 
law copyright protection in the Manual and certain forms, architectural engineering and construction plans, 
advertising materials, product specifications, computer programs, newsletters, training materials, and 
operations and accounting materials.  We have not registered those materials with the United States 
Registrar of Copyrights. 
The Manual and these other materials contain our detailed standards, specifications, instructions, 
forms, reports, and procedures for the management and operation of the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You 
must treat the Manual, training materials, and any other manuals or materials created or approved by us for 
use with the System as secret and confidential.  You may not copy, duplicate, or otherwise reproduce the 
Manual or other materials provided by us.  In addition, you may not make any confidential information or 
materials supplied by us available to any unauthorized person without our prior written consent. 
You may not communicate, divulge, or use for any purpose other than the operation of the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant any confidential information, knowledge, trade secrets, or know-how that may be 
communicated to you or that you may learn by virtue of the Franchise Agreement or the operation of the 
Taco Cabana Restaurant.  You may divulge confidential information only to your professional advisers, 
your employees who must have access to the information to develop or operate the Taco Cabana Restaurant, 
your contractors, and your landlord, provided that you obtain our prior consent.  All information, knowledge 
and know-how relating to us, our business plans, or the System are deemed confidential, except information 
that you can demonstrate came to your attention by lawful means prior to our disclosure, or that, at the time 
of our disclosure to you, had become a part of the public domain.  At our request, you must require your 
employees and any other person or entity to whom you wish to disclose any confidential information to 
sign agreements providing that they will maintain the confidentiality of the disclosed information.  The 
agreements must be in a form satisfactory to us and must identify us as a third-party beneficiary with the 
independent right to enforce the agreements. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE 
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You are not obligated to participate personally in the day-to-day operation of the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant, but we recommend that you do so.  Each Taco Cabana Restaurant must, at all times, be under 
the personal, on-premises supervision of one of the following designated individuals, who must meet our 
applicable training qualifications for their position:  the Operating Principal, a general manager or an 
assistant manager. 
If you are a business entity, you must appoint an individual to serve as your Operating Principal.  
The Operating Principal:  (a) must be accepted by us, (b) must be a 10% Owner (defined below) if the 
Operating Principal is a partner in more than one Franchised Location, or a 25% owner if the Operating 
Principal is an owner in one Franchised Location; (c) must live within a reasonable driving distance of the 
