 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
12 
01/25 
 
of contributions and expenditures for the Brand Fund no sooner than 90 days after the close of our fiscal year 
to franchisees who make a written request for a copy. 
8.3.4 
We may terminate and subsequently restart the Brand Fund.  On termination, we may 
spend the remaining monies in accordance with Section 8.3.1 or return the monies to the restaurants that 
contributed to the Brand Fund on a pro rata basis. 
8.4 
Regional Advertising Fund. 
8.4.1 
We have the right, in our sole discretion, to establish one or more regional advertising 
funds for Taco Cabana Restaurants (“Regional Advertising Fund(s)”).  If a Regional Advertising Fund is 
established for a geographical area that includes the Franchised Location, a portion of your Brand Fund 
Contribution will be allocated in an amount that we specify..  Taco Cabana Restaurants operated by us or our 
affiliates in an area covered by a Regional Advertising Fund will contribute to the Regional Advertising Fund 
on the same basis as comparable franchisees. 
8.4.2 
We or our designee will direct all advertising, marketing, and public relations 
programs and activities financed by the Regional Advertising Fund, with sole discretion over the creative 
concepts, materials and endorsements used in those programs and activities, and the geographic, market and 
media placement and allocation of advertising and marketing materials.  We may use the Regional Advertising 
Fund contributions and any earnings of the Regional Advertising Fund for any costs associated with 
advertising, marketing, public relations, promotional programs and materials (which may be national or 
regional in scope) and/or any other activities that we believe would benefit the System, including the following:  
advertising campaigns in various media; point-of-purchase materials; review of locally-produced ads; free 
standing inserts; brochures; purchasing and/or developing promotional materials; market research, including 
secret shoppers; sponsorships; design and maintenance of a web site; celebrity endorsements; trade shows; 
association dues; search engine optimization costs; social media communications; establishment of a third 
party facility for customizing local advertising; accounting costs; and holding an annual franchise convention.  
We will not use the Regional Advertising Fund for any activity whose sole purpose is the marketing of 
franchises; however, you acknowledge that our web site, public relations activities, social media 
communications, community involvement activities and other activities that may be supported by the Regional 
Advertising Fund may contain information about franchising opportunities.  You agree to participate in all 
advertising, marketing, promotions, research, public relations and other programs instituted by the Regional 
Advertising Fund. 
8.4.3 
We will separately account for each Regional Advertising Fund, but we do not need 
to segregate any Regional Advertising Fund monies from our other monies.  We are not required to have an 
independent audit of the Regional Advertising Fund completed.  We may spend in any fiscal year an amount 
greater or less than the aggregate contribution of all applicable Taco Cabana Restaurants to a particular 
Regional Advertising Fund during that year or cause the Regional Advertising Fund to invest any surplus for 
its future use or distribute any surplus to then-current franchisees who contributed to the Regional Advertising 
Fund and restaurants operated by us or our affiliates.  (A Regional Advertising Fund will reimburse us for any 
monies advanced by us.)  If we spend in any fiscal year an amount greater than the aggregate contribution of 
Taco Cabana Restaurants to a Regional Advertising Fund, we may advance monies to the Fund and be 
reimbursed from contributions made in the next fiscal year.  We will make available an unaudited statement 
of contributions and expenditures for a Regional Advertising Fund no sooner than 90 days after the close of 
our fiscal year to franchisees who contribute to that Regional Advertising Fund and who make a written request 
for a copy. 
8.4.4 
We may terminate and subsequently restart any Regional Advertising Fund.  On 
termination, we may spend the remaining monies in accordance with Section 8.4.1 or return the monies to the 
restaurants that contributed to that Regional Advertising Fund on a pro rata basis. 
