 
Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
8 
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
Note 1 – Organization and Description of Business 
Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the state of Texas as a Corporation 
on January 17, 2023 (Inception), for the purpose of franchising fast casual restaurants under the concept 
“Taco Cabana.” The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Taco Cabana, Inc. (the “Parent”), which 
was founded in San Antonio, Texas, in 1978. An affiliate entity, Texas Taco Cabana, L.P., is the owner of 
all intellectual property rights in certain systems, trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual 
property used in the operation of Taco Cabana restaurants (the “TC IP”) and has licensed the TC IP and 
other know-how and confidential information to the Company to develop the Taco Cabana franchise 
system to offer, sell, and support the franchised business. 
The Company will franchise Taco Cabana restaurants throughout the United States through a 10-year 
royalty free renewable trademark license agreement with its affiliate. The license agreement grants the 
Company a non-exclusive right to use the TC IP and to license the TC IP to franchisees under franchise 
agreements. There were no operations of the Company prior to April 12, 2023. 
The Parent contributed $500,000 in cash at the formation of the Company to fund operations on April 12, 
2023. The Company has relied on resources from its Parent to support initial operations, and its Parent 
has committed to continue to provide financial support to the Company sufficient for the Company during 
the start-up phase of the franchising operations. Until such time that the Company is actively selling 
franchises and opening up franchise locations, it is dependent on its Parent to provide financial 
resources, administrative, management, support activities, and various other items. The accompanying 
financial statements may not be indicative of conditions that would have existed if the Company had been 
operated as an unaffiliated entity. 
The Company is in the business of franchising fast casual Tex-Mex restaurants, which offer a variety of 
Mexican inspired dishes to their customers. The franchise agreements are typically for 10 years and will 
require the franchisee to pay an initial franchise fee for each location to be opened. Once the franchise 
begins operations, the Company will charge a royalty fee and advertising fee of up to 5% and up to 4%, 
respectively, of the franchise gross sales. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had not sold rights to 
develop any franchises. The Company does not operate, and has never operated, any Taco Cabana 
restaurants, and the Company’s future operations are dependent upon the success of its Parent’s 
business.  
Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of presentation – The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The Company believes 
this information includes all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, necessary to fairly 
present the financial condition. References to ASC and ASU included hereinafter refer to the Accounting 
Standards Codification and Accounting Standards Update established by the Financial Accounting 
Standards Board (FASB) as the source of authoritative GAAP. 
Use of estimates – The preparation of the financial statements, in accordance with GAAP, requires that 
management makes certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the 
reported amount of assets and the disclosure of contingent assets as of the balance sheet date. The 
actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
