 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
2 
01/25 
 
develop a Franchised Restaurant at a specific location in the Development Area authorized by us (“Authorized 
Site”). 
1.2 
Development Rights Only.  This Agreement is not a license or franchise agreement.  It does 
not give you the right to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants or use the System or the Marks, nor does it give you 
any right to license others to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants.  This Agreement only gives you the opportunity 
to enter into Franchise Agreements for the operation of Franchised Restaurants at Authorized Sites.  Each 
Franchised Restaurant developed pursuant to this Agreement must be established and operated in strict 
accordance with a separate Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
Limited Territorial Protection. 
2.1 
Provided you are in compliance with this Agreement, during the Development Term, we will 
not operate, or license others to operate, a Taco Cabana Restaurant in the geographic area described in Exhibit 
A (“Development Area”).  Notwithstanding this grant of limited exclusivity, during the Development Term, 
we may, among other things: 
2.1.1 
Operate and license others to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants in the Development 
Area that are located in transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, subways, ferry terminals, rail 
and bus stations and other public transportation facilities); military bases and government offices; sports 
facilities (including stadiums and arenas); toll road plazas, highway rest areas and travel centers; universities, 
schools and educational facilities; hospitals and other health care facilities; amusement parks and recreational 
theme parks; museums; Indian reservations; casinos and other entertainment or tourist facilities; any location 
in which foodservice is or may be provided by a master concessionaire; and any other similar location we 
believe, in the exercise of our reasonable judgment, to be a captive market location. 
2.1.2 
Manufacture, distribute and sell at wholesale or retail, or license others to 
manufacture, distribute and sell at wholesale or retail, merchandise, products and services, whether or not 
authorized for sale at Taco Cabana Restaurants, under the Marks in the Development Area through any channel 
of distribution, other than a restaurant. 
2.1.3 
Operate and license others to operate delivery kitchens devoted to the preparation of 
products authorized for sale at Taco Cabana Restaurants (often referred to as ghost, dark or cloud kitchens), 
which may use the Marks and may deliver to customers regardless of their location and expressly including 
customers residing in or working in the Development Area. 
2.1.4 
Merchandise and distribute products identified by any of the Marks to foodservice 
businesses in the Development Area (other than Taco Cabana Restaurants), provided those foodservice 
businesses are not licensed to use the Marks in connection with their retail sales. 
2.1.5 
Develop and/or own other franchise systems and other restaurants for the same or 
similar products and services using trade names and trademarks other than the Marks. 
2.1.6 
Sell and distribute, or license others to sell and distribute, directly or indirectly, 
products identified by any of the Marks at special events in the Development Area. 
2.1.7 
Purchase, be purchased by, merge or combine with, businesses that directly compete 
with Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
2.2 
Except as reserved in Section 2.1, we will not, during the Development Term, operate or 
franchise others to operate Taco Cabana Restaurants in the Development Area, provided you are in compliance 
with the terms of this Agreement and any other agreements with us or our affiliates, and you are current on all 
obligations due to us and our affiliates.  This Section 2 does not prohibit us or our affiliates from:  (a) operating, 
