 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
22 
 
unaudited statement of contributions and expenditures for a Regional Advertising Fund no sooner than 90 
days after the close of our fiscal year to franchisees who contribute to that Regional Advertising Fund and 
who make a written request for a copy.  We have the right to terminate and subsequently restart any 
Regional Advertising Fund at any time and for any reason.  On termination, we may spend the remaining 
monies or return the monies to the restaurants that contributed to that Regional Advertising Fund, including 
affiliate-owned locations, on a pro rata basis. 
As of the date of this disclosure document, we have not collected any Brand Fund monies or 
established any Regional Advertising Funds.  
With respect to the Brand Fund or a Regional Advertising Fund, while we may spend in any fiscal 
year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contribution of Taco Cabana Restaurants to the applicable 
Fund, generally, we believe that we will spend all advertising payments during the taxable year in which 
the contribution and earnings are received.  If we do not spend the advertising payments in one year, we 
will likely spend them in the following year.  Company-operated Taco Cabana Restaurants will contribute 
the Brand Fund and any applicable Regional Advertising Fund on the same basis as comparable franchisees. 
Local Marketing.  You must spend  1% of your Gross Sales on local marketing in advertising 
media and other selected advertising and marketing endeavors (“Local Marketing”).  You may not conduct 
your own Local Marketing without first obtaining our advanced written consent, which we have the right 
to grant or deny for any reason or no reason.  All advertising and promotional materials must bear the Marks 
in the form, color, location and manner that we prescribe.   
You must submit to us in writing for our prior acceptance all sales promotional materials and 
advertising that have not been prepared, or previously accepted, by us and identify the proposed media in 
which you propose to place the advertising.  If our written consent to the material and its proposed 
placement is not received within 10 days after the date that we received the material, the material may not 
be used.  In no event will your advertising or marketing materials contain any statement or material that, in 
our sole discretion, may be considered: (a) in bad taste or offensive to the public or to any group of persons; 
(b) defamatory of any person or an attack on any competitor; (c) to infringe upon the use, without 
permission, of any other persons’ trade name, trademark, service mark or identification; (d) inconsistent 
with the public image of the System or the Marks; or (e) not in accordance with any federal or state laws.  
We reserve the right to require you to discontinue the use of any advertising or marketing materials. 
Social Media.  You may not promote, offer, or sell any products or services relating to the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant through, or use any of the Marks in, any form of electronic communications, including 
Internet web sites, social media platforms, social networking sites, applications or other future technological 
avenues that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking (collectively, 
“Social Media”), without our prior written consent, which we may withhold for any or no reason.  You 
must, at all times, comply with our Social Media policy, as modified periodically.  Your use of any Social 
Media relating to the Taco Cabana Restaurant is subject to our prior written approval.  You may not 
establish an independent site or page on any Social Media.  If we authorize you to have and/or design a site 
or a page on any Social Media for the Taco Cabana Restaurant, your site and page may only be accessed 
from our site or page, and we may prohibit links between your site or page and any other site.  Any use of 
Social Media by you with respect to the Taco Cabana Restaurant constitutes advertising and promotion, 
and you must comply with the restrictions on advertising described above and any additional policies and 
standards we issue from time to time with respect to Social Media.  Any copyright in your sites or pages on 
Social Media will be deemed to be owned by us, and you agree to sign any documents that we reasonably 
deem necessary to affirm our ownership of the copyright.  If necessary, you must ensure cooperation with 
us by any web site service provider or web site hosting company with which you do business.  You must 
have or obtain the lawful right to use any proprietary materials of others that appear on your sites or pages 
