 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
4 
01/25 
 
2.2.1 
You must execute the standard form of Taco Cabana Restaurant franchise agreement 
that we are then offering to new franchisees (or the standard form that we most recently offered, if we are not 
then offering franchises) (“Successor Franchise Agreement”).  The terms of the Successor Franchise 
Agreement may be substantially different from the terms of this Agreement.  We will modify the Successor 
Franchise Agreement to delete terms inapplicable to the successor term (such as opening deadlines). 
2.2.2 
During the then-expiring Term, you have substantially complied with this Agreement 
and the System. 
2.2.3 
Neither you nor your affiliates may be in default under this Agreement or any other 
agreements between you or your affiliates and us or our affiliates; you and your affiliates must not be in default 
beyond the applicable cure period under any real estate lease, equipment lease or financing instrument relating 
to the Franchised Restaurant; and you must not be in default beyond the applicable cure period with any vendor 
or supplier to the Franchised Restaurant. 
2.2.4 
You must have the right to continue operating at the Franchised Location for the full 
term of the Successor Franchise Agreement. 
2.2.5 
You must renovate and modernize the Franchised Restaurant to reflect the then-
current image of Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
2.2.6 
You, all 10% Owners (as defined in Section 14.2) and all guarantors under this 
Agreement must sign a general release, in a form we prescribe, of any and all claims against us, our affiliates 
and our and their past, present and future officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders and employees. 
2.2.7 
You, your Operating Principal (as defined in Section 12.11.3) and those of your 
employees designated by us must successfully complete (as determined by us in our sole discretion) any 
additional training that we then require. 
2.2.8 
You must pay us a successor franchise fee equal to the initial franchise fee then being 
charged to new franchisees at the time the Successor Franchise Agreement is executed. 
3. 
Development Procedures. 
This Section 3 will not be applicable if the Franchised Restaurant is being developed pursuant to a 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement (“Development Agreement”).  In addition, Sections 3.1-3.3, 3.4.1 and 
3.4.4 will not be applicable if, as of the date of this Agreement, the site for the Franchised Restaurant has been 
authorized in writing by us. 
3.1 
Your Responsibility.  You must select a site that is located within the general area to which 
you and we have mutually agreed in writing.  If the Franchised Restaurant is your first Taco Cabana Restaurant, 
within 270 days after your execution of this Agreement, you must obtain Site Authorization from us for the 
Franchised Restaurant. If the Franchised Restaurant is your second or subsequent Taco Cabana Restaurant, 
within 180 days after your execution of this Agreement, you must obtain Site Authorization from us for the 
Franchised Restaurant. If we have not authorized a site within this time period, we, at our option, may terminate 
this Agreement pursuant to Section 19.  You assume all cost, liability and expense for locating, obtaining and 
developing a site for the Franchised Restaurant.  You may not make any binding commitments to purchase or 
lease a site until we have authorized the site in writing. 
3.2 
Site Selection Assistance.  We may, but are not required to, provide you with the following 
site selection assistance:  (a) our site selection guidelines and, as you may request, a reasonable amount of 
consultation with respect thereto; and (b) that on-site evaluation as we may deem advisable (subject to the 
