 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
2 
 
Taco Cabana Restaurants operate according to a distinctive format, appearance and set of 
specifications and operating procedures (collectively, the “System”), whose distinguishing characteristics 
include, but are not limited to, our décor, layout, color schemes and designs (collectively, “Trade Dress”); 
our menu items, recipes and food preparation and service techniques; our standards and specifications for 
equipment, equipment layouts and interior and exterior accessories; and the accumulated experience 
reflected in our training program, operating procedures and standards and specifications. 
We have described our mandatory and recommended standards, specifications, and operating 
procedures in our confidential operating manuals (“Manual”).  We will loan one copy of, or provide 
electronic access to, the Manual for the term of your franchise.  We have the right to periodically change, 
improve, add to, and further develop the Manual and the elements of the System. 
We are offering the opportunity to develop a single Taco Cabana Restaurant.  We also offer the 
opportunity for certain qualified restaurant operators to develop multiple Taco Cabana Restaurants under a 
development agreement (“Development Agreement”) (Exhibit B).   
Before you acquire a site to operate a Taco Cabana Restaurant, we must accept the site for the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant (“Authorized Site”). Once the site is accepted, we will forward you a franchise 
agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) (Exhibit C) for the Authorized Site. The form of Franchise 
Agreement for the Taco Cabana Restaurants to be developed by you will be the standard form in general 
use at the time that we accept the site for the applicable Taco Cabana Restaurant, which may differ from 
the Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit C.  
Your receipt of this disclosure document does not mean you will be accepted as a franchisee or that 
you may develop or open a Taco Cabana Restaurant.  Before you may develop and open a Taco Cabana 
Restaurant, among other things, we must approve you as a Taco Cabana Restaurant franchisee (or if you 
already are a franchisee, approve you for expansion); you must sign the Franchise Agreement and pay the 
Initial Franchise Fee (as described in Item 5); we must authorize the site for your proposed Taco Cabana 
Restaurant in writing; and you (or your Operating Principal) and those managerial personnel whom we 
designate must attend and successfully complete (as determined by us in our sole discretion) our Initial 
Training Program (“ITP”) (as described in Item 11). 
Market and Competition 
The market for fast casual Mexican restaurants is well-developed.  Your Taco Cabana Restaurant 
will compete with other national and regional Mexican-style food restaurants, as well as other franchised, 
chain, and independent restaurants.  The restaurant business is highly competitive based on price, service, 
restaurant location and food quality and is subject to fluctuations in consumer tastes, economic conditions, 
population, and traffic patterns. 
Industry-Specific Laws 
We are not aware of any laws applicable to a Taco Cabana Restaurant that would not apply to 
restaurant businesses generally.  You must comply with all applicable local, state, and federal laws and 
regulations, including those relating to alcoholic beverages, health, sanitation, food handling, food 
preparation, waste disposal, smoking restrictions, discrimination, employment, sexual harassment and 
advertising. 
Some laws require point of sale disclosures, including statements concerning nutritional and dietary 
characteristics of the food served at the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  There are other laws and regulations 
applicable to businesses generally (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act) with which you must 
