 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
11 
 
Type of 
Expenditure 
Amount (1) 
Method of Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is 
To Be Made 
Additional Funds 
-- 3 \Months (11) 
$75,000 - $135,000 
As Arranged 
As Incurred 
Employees, 
Suppliers, 
Utilities, 
Landlord, 
Lender 
Total 
$1,266,500 - $2,776,200 (Does not include land acquisition costs) 
 
NOTES 
1. Costs and Development Fees paid to us or our affiliates are not refundable.  Whether any costs or other 
fees paid to third parties are refundable will vary based on the practice in the area where the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant is located. 
2. The Initial Franchise Fee is $45,000.00.  As described more fully in Item 5, the Initial Franchise Fee 
for each subsequent restaurant is $35,000.00.   
3. You must conduct initial marketing for the Taco Cabana Restaurant in accordance with a grand opening 
plan (“Grand Opening Plan”).  Under the Grand Opening Plan, you will be required to spend a 
minimum of $10,000 on grand opening advertising over the period beginning one month prior to 
opening and continuing through the second month after opening (“Grand Opening Marketing 
Period”). We reserve the right to require you to pay us the $10,000 Grand Opening Spend at least 30 
days before the beginning of the Grand Opening Marketing Period, and if we elect to receive the Grand 
Opening Spend, our marketing team will execute the Grand Opening Plan based upon local market 
conditions and other marketing needs, as determined by us in our sole discretion.    
4. The cost of acquiring a location for the Taco Cabana Restaurant will vary significantly depending on 
the geographic location.  We expect that you will lease the land and building for the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant.  You may be required to pay the first and last month’s lease payment upon signing your 
lease agreement.  Alternatively, you may wish to buy land for the Taco Cabana Restaurant.  The cost 
of purchasing land is not included in this Item 7 table.  
5. The cost of constructing a Taco Cabana Restaurant will vary depending upon the size, condition, and 
location of the premises, price differences between various suppliers, and contractors and shipping 
distances from suppliers.  This estimate is based on the buildout costs for a building shell for a Taco 
Cabana Restaurant of approximately 2,500 to 3,200 square feet in a typical retail center space.  All 
construction materials and fixtures must meet our standards and specifications but may be purchased 
from any supplier.  These costs are normally payable to third parties prior to the opening of the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant or in periodic installments, depending on the type of financing arrangement you are 
able to obtain.  We do not undertake to assist you in arranging financing, and there is no assurance that 
financing will be available to you.  Generally, the availability and terms of financing will depend upon 
many factors, including, particularly, your creditworthiness. 
6. As described in Item 11, prior to opening a Taco Cabana Restaurant, you (or your Operating Principal), 
the Franchise Restaurant’s general manager, and at least two other managerial personnel whom we 
designate must attend the ITP.  We do not charge tuition for up to 4 designated attendees to attend this 
training program, but you are responsible for all salaries, benefits, and travel, living, and other expenses 
incurred by you and your employees while attending the training.  The cost of these expenses will 
