 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
11 
01/25 
 
8. 
National Brand Fund and Marketing. 
8.1 
Grand Opening Plan.  You are required to spend the minimum amount set forth in Exhibit 
A (“Grand Opening Spend”) over the period beginning one month prior to the Opening Date and continuing 
through the second month after the Opening Date (“Grand Opening Marketing Period”) on grand opening 
initial marketing for the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with a grand opening plan that you have prepared 
and to which we have consented (“Grand Opening Plan”). We reserve the right to require you to pay us the 
Grand Opening Spend at least 30 days before the beginning of the Grand Opening Marketing Period, and if 
we elect to receive the Grand Opening Spend, our marketing team will execute the Grand Opening Plan based 
on local market conditions and other marketing needs, as determined by us in our sole discretion. 
8.2 
Contributions/Expenditures.  During the Term, you will have a Fiscal Period Advertising 
Obligation as set forth in Exhibit A.  Following written notice to you, we may modify the amount and 
allocation of the Advertising Obligation, subject to the provisions of Section 8.7.  The portion of the 
Advertising Obligation allocated to the Brand Fund, a Regional Advertising Fund, or Local Marketing (as 
those terms are defined in this Section 8) will be paid at the same time and in the same manner as the Royalty. 
8.3 
National Brand Fund. 
8.3.1 
We have established a Taco Cabana national brand fund (“Brand Fund”).  You must 
contribute to the Brand Fund the amount set forth in Exhibit A, (“Brand Fund Contribution”) as 
subsequently modified by us.  We may use the Brand Fund contributions and any earnings of the Brand Fund 
for any costs associated with advertising, marketing, public relations, promotional programs and materials 
(which may be national or regional in scope) and/or any other activities that we believe would benefit the 
System, including the following:  advertising campaigns in various media; point-of-purchase materials; review 
of locally-produced ads; free standing inserts; brochures; purchasing and/or developing promotional materials; 
market research, including secret shoppers; sponsorships; design and maintenance of a web site; celebrity 
endorsements; trade shows; association dues; search engine optimization costs; social media communications; 
establishment of a third party facility for customizing local advertising; accounting costs; and holding an 
annual franchise convention.  We will not use the Brand Fund for any activity whose sole purpose is the 
marketing of franchises; however, you acknowledge that our web site, public relations activities, social media 
communications, community involvement activities and other activities that may be supported by the Brand 
Fund may contain information about franchising opportunities.  We have the right to direct all programs 
supported by the Brand Fund, with final discretion over creative concepts, the materials and media used in the 
programs and their placement.  We do not guarantee that you will benefit from the Brand Fund in proportion 
to your contributions to the Brand Fund.  You agree to participate in all advertising, marketing, promotions, 
research, public relations and other programs instituted by the Brand Fund. 
8.3.2 
We will not use any contributions to the Brand Fund to defray any of our general 
operating expenses, except for reasonable administrative costs and overhead that we incur in activities 
reasonably related to the administration of the Brand Fund or the management of Brand Fund-supported 
programs (including salaries of our personnel who devote time to Brand Fund activities).  We will separately 
account for the Brand Fund, but we do not need to segregate Brand Fund monies from our other monies. 
8.3.3 
Any point-of-sale materials produced with Brand Fund monies will be made available 
to you at a reasonable cost and the proceeds from those sales will be credited to the Brand Fund.  We are not 
required to have an independent audit of the Brand Fund completed.  We may spend in any fiscal year an 
amount greater or less than the aggregate contribution of all Taco Cabana Restaurants to the Brand Fund during 
that year or cause the Brand Fund to invest any surplus for its future use or distribute any surplus to then-
current franchisees who contributed to the Brand Fund and restaurants operated by us or our affiliates.  (The 
Brand Fund will reimburse us for any monies advanced by us.)  We will make available an unaudited statement 
