 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
37 
01/25 
 
28. 
Dispute Resolution. 
28.1 
Choice of Law.  This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and 
will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.  Nothing in this Section is intended, or 
will be deemed, to make any Texas law regulating the offer or sale of franchises or business opportunities or 
the franchise relationship applicable to this Agreement if that law would not otherwise be applicable. 
28.2 
Choice of Forum.  The parties agree that, to the extent any disputes cannot be resolved 
directly between them, you must file any suit against us only in the federal or state court having jurisdiction 
where our principal offices are located at the time suit is filed.  We must file suit in the federal or state court 
located in the jurisdiction where our principal offices are located at the time suit is filed or in the jurisdiction 
where you reside or do business or where the Franchised Restaurant is or was located or where the claim arose.  
You consent to the personal jurisdiction of those courts over you and to venue in those courts. 
28.3 
Limitation of Actions.  Any legal action or proceeding (including a proceeding related to the 
offer and sale of a franchise to you) brought or instituted with respect to any dispute arising from or related to 
this Agreement or with respect to any breach of the terms of this Agreement must be brought or instituted 
within a period of 2 years after the initial occurrence of any act or omission that is the basis of the legal action 
or proceeding, regardless of when discovered.  The preceding limitation period does not apply:  (a) with respect 
to payments owed by one party to the other; (b) if prohibited by applicable law; or (c) if applicable law provides 
for a shorter limitations period. 
28.4 
Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial.  You and we irrevocably waive trial by jury in any 
litigation. 
28.5 
Other Waivers.  You and we waive:  (a) any right to or claim of punitive, exemplary, multiple 
or consequential damages against the other in litigation and agrees to be limited to the recovery of actual 
damages sustained; and (b) any right to participate in any action or proceeding a consolidated, common, 
representative, group or class basis.. 
28.6 
Remedies not Exclusive.  Except as provided in Sections 28.1 through 28.5, no right or 
remedy that the parties have under this Agreement is exclusive of any other right or remedy under this 
Agreement or under applicable law. 
28.7 
Reimbursement of Costs and Expenses.  If either party brings an action to enforce this 
Agreement in a judicial proceeding, the party prevailing in that proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement 
of costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable accountants’, attorneys’, attorneys’ assistants’ 
and expert witness fees, the cost of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses, and 
travel and living expenses, whether incurred prior to, in preparation for, or in contemplation of the filing of, 
the proceeding.  If we utilize legal counsel (including in-house counsel employed by us) in connection with 
any failure by you to comply with this Agreement, you must reimburse us for any of the above-listed costs and 
expenses incurred by us.  In any judicial proceeding, the amount of these costs and expenses will be determined 
by the court and not by a jury. 
28.8 
Rights of Parties are Cumulative.  The parties’ rights under this Agreement are cumulative 
and the exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will not preclude the exercise or 
enforcement by a party of any other right or remedy under this Agreement that it is entitled by law or this 
Agreement to exercise or enforce. 
28.9 
Survival.  The provisions of this Section 28 will survive the expiration, termination or Transfer 
of this Agreement. 
