 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
30 
01/25 
 
19.2.3 If you have received 2 or more notices of default under this Agreement within the 
previous 12 months, we will be entitled to send you a notice of termination upon your next default under this 
Agreement in that 12-month period without providing you an opportunity to remedy that default. 
19.2.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of a default under this Section 
19.2, in lieu of terminating this Agreement, we may, in our discretion, elect to terminate your limited exclusive 
rights in the Protected Area and/or to modify the Protected Area. 
19.3 
Statutory Limitations.  If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent 
governmental authority with jurisdiction over this Agreement requires a notice or cure period prior to 
termination longer than set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement will be deemed amended to conform to 
the minimum notice or cure period required by the applicable law or regulation. 
20. 
Obligations on Termination or Expiration. 
20.1 
Your Obligations.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, unless 
we direct you otherwise: 
20.1.1 All rights and licenses granted to you under this Agreement (including, without 
limitation, rights to use the System, the Manual and the Marks) will immediately terminate and any right, title, 
and interest claimed by you to any such matters will immediately revert to us without further notice or 
documentation. 
20.1.2 You must immediately cease to operate the Franchised Restaurant and may not 
thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold yourself out as a present or former franchisee 
of the System. 
20.1.3 You will immediately and permanently cease to use, in any manner whatsoever, the 
System, the Marks and the Manual. 
20.1.4 You must promptly pay all sums owing to us, our affiliates and your suppliers.  These 
sums include, but are not limited to, the Royalty, Advertising Obligation, interest or other fees, damages, 
expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred as a result of your default. 
20.1.5 You must cease to use in advertising or in any manner the confidential methods, 
procedures and techniques associated with the System, including all proprietary recipes, ingredients, and 
processes. 
20.1.6 You and all persons and entities subject to the restrictions contained in Section 18 will 
continue to abide by those restrictions and will not, directly or indirectly, take any action that violates those 
restrictions. 
20.1.7  Unless we direct you to maintain your existing signage while we determine if we will 
exercise our option to purchase under Section 21, you must immediately cease to use, by advertising or in any 
other manner, the “Taco Cabana” name, all other Marks and all other distinctive forms, slogans, signs, symbols, 
web sites, domain names, email addresses, and devices associated with the System.  If you subsequently begin 
to operate another business, you must not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy, or colorable imitation of the 
Marks in connection with that business that is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception, or which is 
likely to dilute our exclusive rights in and to the Marks, nor any trade dress or designation of origin or 
description or representation that falsely suggests or represents an association or connection with us.  Within 
15 days, you must promptly take those actions as may be necessary to cancel any assumed name registration 
or equivalent registration, and any domain name registration that contains the “Taco Cabana” name. 
