 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025 
 
20 
 
2. 
Periodically change the System, including modifications to the menu, the required 
equipment, the signage, the Marks and the Trade Dress.  You must accept, use, or display in the Taco 
Cabana Restaurant any such System changes and make such expenditures as the System changes require.  
We also have the right to vary System standards, in our reasonable judgment, to accommodate 
circumstances of individual franchisees.  (Franchise Agreement § 12.2) 
3. 
Provide additional ongoing training to you (or your Operating Principal), your managerial 
personnel, training personnel, and/or other previously trained and experienced staff members at the times 
and locations that we designate.  (Franchise Agreement § 9.2) 
4. 
Periodically advise and consult with you regarding the operation of the Taco Cabana 
Restaurant and make available, as we believe appropriate, information regarding the System and new 
developments, techniques, and improvements in the areas of restaurant design, operations, management, 
menu development, sales and customer service, marketing, and other areas.  We may provide these services 
through visits by our representatives to the Taco Cabana Restaurant or your offices (although we are not 
obligated to make any visits), the distribution of printed or filmed material, an Intranet or other electronic 
forum, meetings or seminars, training programs, telephone communications, or other forms of 
communications.  (Franchise Agreement § 10.3) 
5. 
Provide the assistance that we consider to be reasonably necessary to assist you in 
establishing a training facility at which you will offer Taco Cabana Restaurants’ initial training program.  
The training facility must be certified by us before you commence any training at the training facility, and 
we may periodically visit and evaluate the training facility and your trainers to ensure that they continue to 
meet our standards.  We may revoke our certification of the training facility if the training facility or your 
trainers cease to meet our standards.  (Development Agreement § 5.6, Franchise Agreement § 9.3) 
6. 
Periodically provide you with suggested retail prices for the products and services offered 
at the Taco Cabana Restaurant and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may require that you 
adhere to our suggested prices, including maximum prices.  (Franchise Agreement § 12.3) 
Brand Fund and Marketing 
Grand Opening Plan.  Under the Grand Opening Plan, you will be required to spend a minimum 
of $10,000 on grand opening activities during the Grand Opening Marketing Period. We reserve the right 
to require you to pay us the $10,000 at least 30 days before the beginning of the Grand Opening Marketing 
Period and our marketing team will execute the Grand Opening Plan based upon local market conditions 
and other marketing needs. 
National Brand Fund.  We established a national brand fund (“Brand Fund”) to which you will 
contribute 3% of Gross Sales payable weekly with the Royalties (“Brand Fund Contribution”).  There 
currently is no franchisee advertising council that advises us on advertising policy. 
We may use the Brand Fund Contributions and any earnings of the Brand Fund for any costs 
associated with advertising, marketing, public relations, promotional programs and materials (which may 
be national, regional, or local in scope), and any other activities that we believe would benefit the System, 
including the following: advertising campaigns in various media; point-of-purchase materials; review of 
locally-produced ads; free standing inserts; brochures; purchasing and/or developing promotional materials; 
market research, including secret shoppers; sponsorships; design and maintenance of a web site and app; 
celebrity endorsements; trade shows; association dues; search engine optimization costs; establishment of 
a third party facility for customizing local advertising; and accounting costs.  We will not use the Brand 
Fund for any activity whose sole purpose is the marketing of franchises or the soliciting of franchisees; 
