 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
5 
01/25 
 
availability of our personnel) as part of our evaluation of your request for Site Authorization, provided that, if 
we provide this assistance at your request, you must reimburse us for all travel, living and other expenses 
incurred by our representatives in connection with our on-site evaluation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we 
have no obligation to conduct any on-site evaluations of locations you propose. 
3.3 
Site Information and Evaluation.  For each proposed site, you must submit to us a site review 
report consisting of a description of the site, photographs, demographic information, site characteristics 
(including access and egress points and the amount of road traffic), other restaurant options in the area, and 
any other information that we may require, including, but not limited to, a letter of intent or other evidence 
satisfactory to us, which confirms your favorable prospects for obtaining the site.  In addition, we may require 
a site analysis prepared by a third party vendor at your expense.  We reserve the right to designate the third 
party vendor used to prepare the site analysis and the right to conduct an on-site evaluation of the proposed 
site before deciding whether to accept the site. 
3.4 
Site Authorization. 
3.4.1 Within 60 days after our receipt of a complete (as determined by us) site review report, 
we will review that information, evaluate the proposed site and advise you in writing whether we have 
authorized the site; however, we have no obligation to review any site review report if you and your affiliates 
are not in full compliance with all agreements with us and/or our affiliates.  If we do not respond within that 
time period, we will be deemed to have rejected the site.  Our acceptance or rejection of a site may be subject 
to reasonable conditions we determine in our sole discretion. 
3.4.2 In order to preserve and enhance the reputation and goodwill of the System and all 
Taco Cabana Restaurants and the goodwill of the Marks and the Trade Dress, all Taco Cabana Restaurants 
must be properly developed, operated and maintained.  Accordingly, we may refuse to accept a site for a 
proposed Franchised Restaurant unless you demonstrate sufficient financial capabilities, in the exercise of our 
Reasonable Business Judgment, applying standards consistent with criteria that we use to establish restaurants 
in other comparable market areas, to properly develop, operate and maintain the proposed Franchised 
Restaurant.  To that end, you must provide us with those financial statements and other information regarding 
you and the development and operation of the proposed Franchised Restaurant, including, without limitation, 
investment and financing plans for the proposed Franchised Restaurant, as we may reasonably require. 
3.4.3 Our acceptance of a site does not constitute a representation or warranty of any 
kind, express or implied, of the site’s suitability for a Taco Cabana Restaurant or any other purpose.  
Our acceptance indicates only that we believe that the site meets the minimum standards of our then-
current site selection criteria.  Applying criteria that have appeared effective with other sites might not 
accurately reflect the potential for all sites, and demographic and/or other factors included in or 
excluded from our criteria could change, altering the potential of a site.  The uncertainty and instability 
of these criteria are beyond our control, and we are not responsible if a site we accept fails to meet your 
expectations.  Your submission of a proposed site for our acceptance is based on your own independent 
investigation of the site’s suitability for a Franchised Restaurant. 
3.4.4 Upon our acceptance of a site in accordance with this Section 3, we will identify the 
Franchised Location on the cover page and in Exhibit A. 
