 
Taco Cabana Development Agreement 
18 
01/25 
 
of terrorism, as defined in the Order.  Accordingly, you represent and warrant to us that, as of the Effective 
Date, neither you nor any person holding any ownership interest in you, controlled by you, or under common 
control with you is designated under the Order as a person with whom business may not be transacted by us, 
and that you: (a) do not, and hereafter will not, engage in any terrorist activity; (b) are not affiliated with and 
do not support any individual or entity engaged in, contemplating, or supporting terrorist activity; and (c) are 
not acquiring the rights granted under this Agreement with the intent to generate funds to channel to any 
individual or entity engaged in, contemplating, or supporting terrorist activity, or to otherwise support or 
further any terrorist activity. 
21. 
Acknowledgements. 
21.1 
No Guarantee of Success.  This Agreement involves significant legal and business rights and 
risks. We do not guarantee your success. You have not received from us or our affiliates or anyone acting on 
our behalf any representation of your potential sales, expenses, income, profit or loss.  You have conducted an 
independent investigation of the business contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that the nature of the 
business conducted by Taco Cabana Restaurants may change over time.  The prospect for success of the 
business undertaken by you is speculative and depends to a material extent upon your personal commitment, 
capability and direct involvement in the day-to-day management of the business. 
21.2 
Site Authorization.  Acceptance of one or more sites by us and our refusal to accept other sites 
is not a representation that a Franchised Restaurant at an Authorized Site will achieve a certain sales volume or 
a certain level of profitability, or that a Franchised Restaurant at an Authorized Site will have a higher sales 
volume or be more profitable than a site which we did not accept.  Acceptance by us merely means that the 
minimum criteria which we have established for identifying suitable sites for proposed Taco Cabana 
Restaurants have been met.  Because real estate development is an art and not a precise science, you agree that 
acceptance, or refusal to accept a proposed site by us, whether or not a site review report is completed and/or 
submitted to us will not impose any liability or obligation on us.  The decision whether to develop a particular 
site is yours, subject to acceptance of the site by us.  Preliminary acceptance of a proposed site by any of our 
representatives is not conclusive or binding, because his or her recommendation may be rejected by us. 
21.3 
No Warranty.  We expressly disclaim the making of, and you acknowledge that you have not 
received, any warranty or guaranty, express or implied, as to the potential volume, profits or success of the 
business venture contemplated by this Agreement.  We do not, by virtue of any approvals or advice provided 
to you, assume responsibility or liability to you or any third-party to which we would otherwise not be subject.  
You have not received from us or our affiliates or anyone acting on our behalf any representations other than 
those contained in our Franchise Disclosure Document provided to you as inducements to enter this Agreement. 
21.4 
Other Agreements.  We will continue to enter into agreements with other developers and 
franchisees.  The manner in which we enforce our rights and the developers’ and franchisees’ obligations under 
any of those other agreements will not affect our ability to enforce our rights or your obligations under this 
Agreement. 
21.5 
No Refund.  The Development Fee has been fully earned by us and is not refundable for any 
reason once this Agreement has been signed by you. 
21.6 
System Modification.  We may change or modify the System, from time to time, including 
the Manual, and you will be required to make such expenditures as those changes or modifications in the 
System may require. 
21.7 
No Control.  Even though this Agreement contains provisions requiring you to develop the 
Franchised Restaurants in compliance with the System:  (a) we and our affiliates do not have actual or apparent 
authority to control the day-to-day conduct and operation of your business or employment decisions; (b) neither 
you nor we intend for us or our affiliates to incur any liability in connection with or arising from any aspect of 
