 
Taco Cabana FDD – 2025  
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
 
The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to North Dakota statutes and regulations.  
Item numbers correspond to those in the main body: 
 
 
Item 17. 
 
 
1. 
17(i):  Item 17(i) which requires you to consent to termination or liquidated damages may 
not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and is amended 
accordingly to the extent required by law. 
 
2. 
17(r):  Item 17(r), which restricts competition, is generally considered unenforceable under 
Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and is amended accordingly to the extent 
required by law. Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned in Item 17 are generally considered 
unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
 
 
3. 
17(u):  Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 28.2 of the Franchise Agreement, any 
arbitration proceeding will take place in the city nearest to your Business in which the American Arbitration 
Association maintains an office and facility for arbitration, or at such other location as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the parties. 
 
 
4. 
17(v):  Any claims under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law may be brought in the 
State of North Dakota.  The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has held that requiring franchisees to 
consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside of North Dakota is unfair, unjust or inequitable within the intent 
of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.   
 
 
5. 
You must sign a general release if you renew your franchise.  This provision may be 
unenforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.   
 
 
6. 
17(w):  The laws of the State of North Dakota will govern the agreements between the parties. 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement is revised as follows: 
 
 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement, any 
arbitration proceeding must take place in the city nearest to your Business in which the American Arbitration 
Association maintains an office and facility for arbitration, or at such other location as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the parties. 
 
 
2. 
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned in Section 18.3 of the Franchise 
Agreement are generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
 
3. 
Section 28.2 of the Franchise Agreement are revised to include the following information: 
The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has held that 
requiring franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside of 
North Dakota is unfair, unjust or inequitable within the intent of Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
4. 
Section 28.4 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement, as a waiver of all rights to a 
trial by jury is considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
 
