 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
10 
01/25 
 
the end of each fiscal quarter (as defined by us) during each fiscal year (as defined by us); (c) a fiscal year 
profit and loss statement and balance sheet (both of which may be unaudited) within 60 days after the end of 
each fiscal year (as defined by us).  We will have the right to require that you provide us profit and loss 
statements and balance sheets, or other reports and information relating to the Franchised Restaurant at other 
times that we request.  We also reserve the right, in our reasonable discretion, to require that you, at your 
expense, submit audited financial statements prepared by a certified public accounting firm acceptable to us 
for any fiscal years.  You or your treasurer or chief financial officer must sign each statement and balance 
sheet, attesting that it is correct and complete and uses accounting principles applied on a consistent basis that 
accurately and completely reflect your financial condition. 
7.4 
Audit Rights.  During and after the Term, we have the right to inspect, copy and audit your 
books and records, your federal, state and local tax returns and any other forms, reports, information or data 
that we may reasonably designate.  We will provide you 10 days’ written notice before conducting an in-person 
financial examination or audit.  We (or our designees) may conduct the examination or audit at our offices or 
those of a third party, in which case we may require you to send us your records.  If the examination or audit 
reveals an understatement of Gross Sales, you must immediately pay to us any Royalty, Advertising Obligation 
or other amounts owed, plus interest (and a late fee if we so determine) as provided in Section 6.6.  If an 
inspection or audit is made necessary by your failure to provide reports or supporting records as required under 
this Agreement, or to provide those reports or records on a timely basis, or if the audit or inspection reveals an 
understatement of Gross Sales of greater than 2% for the audit period, you must reimburse us for the full cost 
of the inspection or audit, including travel, lodging, meals and wages of our representatives and the reasonable 
charges of any attorneys or independent accountants we use for the inspection or audit and, upon our request, 
you must thereafter provide us with periodic audited financial statements.  The remedies set forth in this Section 
are in addition to any other remedies and rights available to us under this Agreement or applicable law. 
7.5 
Ownership of Data.  You agree that all data that you collect from customers or others in 
connection with the Franchised Restaurant, including customer lists, is deemed to be owned by us.  You have 
the right to use the customer data while this Agreement or a Successor Franchise Agreement is in effect, but 
only in accordance with any privacy policy that we may establish from time to time. 
7.6 
Data Protection.  You agree and undertake that you will: 
7.6.1 
Comply with the provisions of all applicable laws, regulations and best practices 
relating to privacy and data protection (“Data Protection Laws”) in the use and processing of any personal 
data, including customer contact information (such as name, telephone numbers, e-mail and postal addresses), 
and transactional information collected by you from customers and prospective customers of the Franchised 
Restaurant (“Customer Personal Data”). 
7.6.2 
Refrain from otherwise modifying, amending or altering the contents of the Customer 
Personal Data or disclosing or permitting the disclosure of any of the Customer Personal Data to any third 
party unless required by applicable law or specifically authorized in writing by us. 
7.6.3 
Implement and maintain throughout the Term appropriate technical and 
organizational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against an unauthorized or unlawful processing, 
access or use and/or accidental loss, destruction, damage, alteration or disclosure (“Data Breach”). 
7.6.4 
Promptly notify us in writing if you suspect there has been a Data Breach, in which 
event you will do all such acts and things (at your own expense) as we may require in order to remedy or 
mitigate the effects of the Data Breach. 
7.6.5 
Promptly notify us of any complaint, communication or request of which you become 
aware relating to the Data Protection Laws. 
