Taco Cabana Franchising, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
September 29, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
8 
Concentration of Credit Risk 
Financial instruments, which may potentially be subject to a concentration of credit risk, consist of 
cash. The Company maintains substantially all of the day-to-day operating cash balances with a 
major financial institution. For the year ended September 29, 2024 and the period from January 17, 
2023 (Inception) through September 30, 2023, the cash balance was in excess of Federal Depository 
Insurance Corporation insurance limits. The Company has experienced no loss or lack of access to 
cash in its operating account. 
Each of the Company's six franchisees constitute more than ten percent of the Company's revenues 
and accounts receivable balances as of and for the year ended September 29, 2024. A loss of any of 
its franchisees could have a significant impact on the Company's operations.  
Fair Value Measurements 
The Company's financial instruments, none of which are held for trading purposes, include cash, 
accounts receivable, and receivables from a related party entity. Management estimates that the fair 
value of all financial instruments at September 29, 2024 and September 30, 2023 do not differ 
materially from the aggregate carrying values of its financial instruments recorded in the 
accompanying financial statements. 
Income Taxes 
The Company has elected to be taxed as an S corporation for Federal and state purposes. Under 
these provisions, the Company does not pay Federal corporate taxes on its income. Instead, the 
stockholders are liable for income taxes on their respective share of the Company's taxable income 
and other distributable items. The California tax treatment is substantially the same as for Federal, 
except for a 1.5% surtax imposed on the Company's taxable income. 
The tax years subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions include the years 2023 and forward for 
both Federal and certain states. The Company follows the guidance related to uncertain tax positions. 
This guidance clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, prescribes a recognition 
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a 
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and requires expanded tax disclosures. 
The Company accounts for uncertainty in tax positions by determining whether a tax position of 
the Company is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any 
related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company 
has determined it does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions or unrecognized benefits. 
Accordingly, no provision for taxes is made in the accompanying financial statements. The Company 
does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the 
next 12 months. 
Revenue Recognition 
The Company records revenue under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
(Topic 606), which requires revenue to be recorded as the transfer of promised goods or services to 
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the reporting entity expects to be 
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
Royalty and advertising fee revenues are based on a percentage of sales and are recognized when 
the food items are delivered to or carried out by customers. Royalty fees amount to up to four percent 
of franchisee gross sales per year and advertising fees amount to up to one percent of franchisee 
gross sales per year. Payments for royalties and advertising fees are generally due and collected 
within seven days of the prior week-end date.  
 
