 
 
Taco Cabana Franchise Agreement 
24 
01/25 
 
16.3.4 
We may require that the proposed transferee make arrangements to modernize and 
upgrade the Franchised Restaurant, at the transferee’s expense, to comply with our standards and specifications 
for new Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
16.3.5 
You, your 10% Owners, all of your guarantors under this Agreement and the 
transferee must execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us, our affiliates and 
our and their past, present and future affiliates, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, agents 
and employees.  You and your guarantors under this Agreement will remain liable to us for all obligations 
arising before the effective date of the Transfer. 
16.3.6 
The price and other proposed terms of the Transfer must not, in our reasonable 
business judgment, have the effect of negatively impacting the future viability of the Franchised Restaurant. 
16.3.7 
Those persons or entities designated by us, which may include, but are not limited 
to, those with a direct or indirect ownership interest of 10% or more in the transferee, must execute our then-
current form of Guarantee. 
16.3.8 
Unless waived by us in our sole discretion, the transferee and those employees of 
the transferee designated by us will complete the ITP in accordance with Section 9.1.  We may charge a fee to 
provide this training. 
16.3.9 
Each of your affiliates that have entered into a franchise agreement with us must, as 
of the date of the request for our consent to the Transfer, be in compliance with all obligations to us under 
those agreements and with all obligations under any agreement with any lenders that have provided financing 
relating to Taco Cabana Restaurants. 
16.4 
Transfer of Partial Ownership Interest.  If you propose to admit a new owner who will have 
less than a 10% ownership interest in you, remove an existing owner or change the distribution of ownership 
interests among your owners, you must give us advance notice and submit a copy of all proposed contracts and 
other information concerning the Transfer that we may request.  You must also pay to us a Transfer fee as 
provided in Section 16.3.1.(b).  We may withhold our consent on any reasonable grounds or give our consent 
subject to reasonable conditions, including the conditions in Sections 14.1, 16.3.1(a), 16.3.3 and 16.3.5.  Any 
new owner must submit a franchise application and, if applicable, execute our then-current form of Guarantee. 
16.5 
Transfer for Convenience of Ownership.  If you are an individual or a partnership, we will 
consent to the Transfer of this Agreement to a business entity that you form for the convenience of ownership, 
provided that:  (a) the entity has and will have no business other than the operation of Taco Cabana Restaurants; 
(b) you comply with the requirements in Sections 14.1, 16.3.1(a), 16.3.3 and 16.3.5; (c) your owners hold 
equity interests in the new entity in the same proportion shown on Exhibit A; and (d) the top-level management 
of the Franchised Restaurant does not change.  You will not be required to pay a transfer fee for a Transfer 
under this Section 16.5. 
16.6 
Transfer upon Death or Permanent Incapacity.  If the Transfer is a transfer of direct or 
indirect ownership interests in you following the death or permanent incapacity (as reasonably determined by 
us) of a person that has a direct or indirect ownership interest in you, that person’s executor, administrator or 
personal representative must apply to us in writing within 3 months after the death or declaration of permanent 
incapacity for consent to Transfer the person’s interest.  The Transfer will be subject to the provisions of 
Sections 16.3 or 16.4, as applicable.  In the case of Transfer by bequest or by intestate succession, if the heirs 
or beneficiaries are unable to meet the conditions of Section 16.3 or 16.4, as applicable, the executor may 
Transfer the decedent’s interest to another successor that we have authorized, subject to all of the terms and 
conditions for Transfers contained in this Agreement.  If an interest is not disposed of under this Section 16.6 
