 
 
18 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
OnQ System. Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ®” system, which connects System Hotels 
to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components for the 
operation of the Hotel. The complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support.   
You may purchase the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may 
purchase or lease it from other (non-preferred) third-party vendors. You must license the OnQ 
software from HSS because it is proprietary. If you purchase the standard OnQ package from 
HSS, we estimate that it will cost within the range shown here for our prototype size of hotel shown 
in Item 7. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is 
based on the size of the Hotel and number of workstations.  
You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years, or such longer 
period as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with 
a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We anticipate 
that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not including 
any elements that were needed for the original installation only).  
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public 
spaces at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”). Currently, our 
approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” The initial set-up costs of 
this system are paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system. The 
GRO system is an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing 
recommendations for your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting. The GRO system 
integrates with the OnQ system for ease of operation. You are not required to adopt the pricing 
recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that are paid to HSS 
are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details.  
Delphi System.  You must install our required “Delphi” system, which is a cloud-based sales and 
events system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to 
the vendor. See Item 11 for details.    
Connected Room System. You must install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the 
Hilton Honors App. Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
Digital Floor Plan. You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the Hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before the 
opening of your Hotel and is not refundable. See Item 11 for details. 
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
