 
 
14 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
dismiss all claims, exchange general releases, and terminate the franchise on April 28, 2021 
without the payment of any termination damages or litigation costs by either party. 
Kathleen Soule v. Hilton Worldwide, Inc. and Doe Defendants 1-50 (Circuit Court, First Circuit, 
State of Hawaii, Civil No. 13-1-2790-10-KKS (Class Action) 
On October 17, 2013, Kathleen Soule, individually and on behalf of all persons similarly situated 
(“Plaintiff”), filed a civil class action complaint against HWI, alleging that failure to disclose at the 
time a reservation was made that a resort fee was mandatory was a violation of Hawaii’s Uniform 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act. Plaintiff sought restitution, disgorgement of gains, actual, punitive 
and exemplary damages, statutory treble damages, pre-judgment interest, costs and 
disbursements, including attorneys’ fees and other relief in an unspecified amount. Without 
admitting any fault or wrongdoing, HWI entered into an agreed settlement with Plaintiff that was 
submitted to the court for approval in February 2015 and ultimately settled in August 2015. Under 
the settlement, HWI agreed to pay $178,000 and issue $20 vouchers or gift cards to each affected 
customer for each night of their covered hotel stays. 
U.S. v. Hilton Hotels Corporation, et al. (United States District Court, District of Oregon Case No. 
70-310).  
On or about May 12, 1970, the United States filed a civil complaint against HHC  among other 
defendants, alleging the violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act consisting of engaging in a 
combination and conspiracy in restraint of trade by giving preferential treatment to hotel suppliers 
paying assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association, and by curtailing or 
threatening to curtail purchases of hotel supplies from hotel suppliers which did not pay 
assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association. Pursuant to a stipulation filed 
October 26, 1971, the court entered a final judgment on or about November 29, 1971, enjoining 
and restraining HHC, its subsidiaries, and the officers and directors of HHC and its subsidiaries, 
including officers and directors listed in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document, from engaging in any 
agreement, understanding, combination, conspiracy or concert of action to give or promise to give 
preferential treatment in purchasing hotel supplies to any hotel suppliers, or to curtail or terminate 
or threaten to curtail or terminate the purchase of hotel supplies from any hotel suppliers. 
C.  
COLLECTION SUITS BROUGHT AGAINST FRANCHISEES AND FORMER 
FRANCHISEES IN 2024 
 
None. 
 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
