 
 
69 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
your Manual current at all times. You must also provide efficient, courteous and high-quality 
service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms or suites set forth in the 
Addendum to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes 
in structure, design or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval. You may not offer 
products or services, including spa treatments, unless and until they have been approved by us. 
Minor redecoration and minor structural changes that comply with our standards and 
specifications will not be considered significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as restaurants, 
lounges, recreational facilities (swimming pool, whirlpool, exercise room, sauna, etc.), meeting 
and function space, gift shops and other concessions, parking facilities, guest laundry, and 
housekeeping services. We may require your Hotel to accept guests with pets, and provide 
amenities, products, or services related to those pets. The types and quality of the products, 
services, and amenities that your Hotel offers, and any related charges that you assess guests, 
must comply with our requirements. 
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade the hotel's furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications 
specified in the Manual. These standards will benefit the System as a whole. You must make 
these changes at your sole cost and expense. You must also maintain acceptable product quality 
ratings at the hotel and maintain the hotel in accordance with the Standards. We may make limited 
exceptions from some of those standards based on local conditions or special circumstances, but 
we are not required to do so.  
There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System. We make changes to the System 
based on our assessment of the long-term best interests of hotels using the System, considering 
the interest of the System overall. You must comply with all changes we adopt. We may require 
that you purchase particular models or brands of merchandise for resale to be sold from the hotel 
from us or from a source we designate.  
You must participate in and use the Reservation Service, including any additions, enhancements, 
supplements or variants which we or our affiliates develop or adopt. You must honor and give first 
priority on available rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to your Hotel through the 
Reservation Service. The Reservation Service is the only reservation service or system you may 
use for outgoing reservations referred by or from your Hotel to other hotels unless we designate 
other reservation services we or our affiliates designate.  
You must refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Hotels and 
(if and as we direct) Network Hotels. However, we can require you to participate in programs 
designed to refer prospective customers to other hotels, whether in the System or otherwise. You 
must also display all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide to System 
Hotels and Network Hotels; and allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and 
Network Hotels on the hotel premises. 
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, all guest frequency programs we or Hilton 
require, including the Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor 
programs. You must also honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any 
frequent guest program) that we or Hilton offers to the public on your behalf, any room rate quoted 
