 
 
75 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
FA §13.6 (5) 
return all copies of the Manual and any other Proprietary 
Information to us; 
FA §13.6 (6) 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating 
to your use of any Mark, notify the telephone company and 
all listing agencies and directory publishers including 
Internet domain name granting authorities, Internet service 
providers, global distribution systems, and web search 
engines of the termination or expiration of your right to use 
the Marks, and any telephone number, any classified or 
other telephone directory listings, Internet domain names, 
uniform resource locators, website names, electronic mail 
addresses and search engine metatags and keywords 
associated with the hotel, and authorize their transfer to us; 
FA §13.6 (7) 
irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all 
of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings 
and registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, 
System, Network or Brand; notify the applicable domain 
name registrars of the termination of your right to use any 
domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the 
Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation of the 
domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our 
designee), as we specify; delete all references to our Marks, 
System, Network or Brand from any Sites you own, maintain 
or operate beyond the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 
You must stop using our software and related documents, 
return all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done 
so. 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
FA §12.1 
We may assign or Transfer this Agreement or any of our 
rights, duties, or assets under this Agreement, by operation 
of law or otherwise, to any person or legal entity without 
your consent, provided that any such person or legal entity 
shall be required to assume all of our obligations to permit 
you to operate the Hotel under the Brand after such 
assignment.  Any of our Affiliates may transfer, sell, dispose 
of, or otherwise convey, their ownership rights in us or any 
of our Affiliates, by operation of law or otherwise, including 
by public offering, to any person or legal entity without your 
consent. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any 
direct or indirect Equity Interest (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement). You may not transfer to a Competitor or a 
Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  We 
consider any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any 
