EXHIBIT _ 
 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. 
The general release language contained in Subsection 16.8 of the Franchise Agreement shall not 
relieve the Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
2. 
The laws of the State of Maryland may supersede the Franchise Agreement, including Section 13, 
concerning termination and Section 3, concerning renewal of the License. 
 
3. 
Subsection 16.2.2 is amended to provided that a franchisee may sue in Maryland for claims arising 
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brought within 3 years after the 
grant of the License. 
 
4. 
The following sentence is added at the end of Section 16.5.1 of the Franchise Agreement 
(Amendment and Waiver):   
 
 
“This waiver is not intended to act nor will it act as a release, estoppel, or waiver of any liability 
incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.   
 
5. 
Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
