HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE B-1 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT  
The term Authorized Equipment includes (i) the equipment needed by Customer at Customer’s hotel, as determined solely by HSS, for 
the Customer’s use of the Proprietary Software (the “Network Authorized Equipment”) (ii) and any additional equipment authorized by 
HSS for use at Customer’s hotel, over and above the Network Authorized Equipment (the “Standard Plus Equipment”).   
1. 
Authorized Equipment Purchase. Customer may purchase the Authorized Equipment from the Preferred Provider who may 
provide a joinder agreement with Customer or from another retailer; however, if such Authorized Equipment is obtained from another 
retailer, it must conform to HSS’s specifications.  Furthermore, if Customer elects to purchase such Authorized Equipment from a third 
party other than the Preferred Provider, the file server and work stations must be shipped to HSS or its designee for certification that 
these components comply with HSS’s specifications and testing procedures.  Customer will also be responsible for the shipping and 
shipping related costs to and from HSS or its designee for such certifications. 
2. 
Authorized Equipment As Personal Property/Insurance Requirements. In addition to any other specific purchase terms required 
by the Preferred Provider, the following purchase terms and conditions will apply to any Authorized Equipment obtained from a Preferred 
Provider or HSS.  The Authorized Equipment will be at all times, personal property which will not, by reason of connection to the Hotel, 
become a fixture or appurtenance to the Hotel, and until such time as Customer or its designated third party pays to the Preferred Provider 
the total sum for the Authorized Equipment as required hereunder, the Authorized Equipment will remain the property of the Preferred 
Provider, and title will remain with the Preferred Provider, free from any claims of Customer or the holder of any lien or encumbrance on 
the Hotel and/or any other property of Customer.  Customer will maintain fire, extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mischief 
insurance on the Authorized Equipment in an amount not less than the purchase price of the Authorized Equipment.  Said insurance will 
name HSS as an additional insured.  For so long as this obligation remains in effect, Customer will furnish to HSS a certificate of the 
insurance carrier describing the terms and coverage of the insurance in force, the persons insured, and the fact that the coverage may 
not be canceled, altered or permitted to lapse or expire without thirty (30) days advance written notice to HSS.  Upon payment in full, title 
to the Authorized Equipment will vest in the Customer and will be free and clear of the above requirements relating to insurance and of 
all of the Preferred Provider’s liens, claims and encumbrances and the Authorized Equipment will become the sole property of Customer.  
Customer assumes the expense of delivery and in-transit insurance for the Authorized Equipment. 
3. Authorized Equipment. 
NETWORK AUTHORIZED (PROGRAM FUNDED) EQUIPMENT: 
%NetAuthEquipOne% 
STANDARD PLUS (HOTEL FUNDED) EQUIPMENT: 
%StdPlusEquipOne 
