 
 
53 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
NOTES 
1. 
Brand Conference. We require participation by your general manager and director of 
sales (or equivalent) in an annual Brand or regional conference. Conference program fees and 
expenses are not refundable. The conference may be held at various hotel locations. Currently, 
the cost is $3,000 per attendee. 
 
2. 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales Leader Training. Your general manager and 
other commercial leaders must complete this virtual learning program within 90 days of their start 
date. This training is required for all new general managers and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand or the role for more than 24 months. When a qualified 
general manager or commercial leader leaves the role, you must have a replacement person 
(even if temporary) complete the training so that your Hotel does not have more than 90 days 
without a qualified person overseeing the function. The specific curriculum of this training and the 
attendant cost may vary based on the trainee’s experience in the role. Currently, the cost is up to 
$1,200. 
 
3. 
OnQ Property Management Training. Before the opening of your Hotel, all Hotel staff 
that will be utilizing OnQ must first complete their respective self-paced training and obtain a 
certificate of completion. This online training is mandatory for all personnel working in the 
designated subject areas. We will verify that all front desk staff and management have 
successfully completed training and have passed an OnQ certification test by at least a minimum 
score of 80%. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, the opening of your Hotel may be 
delayed. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
4.  
OnQ Rate & Inventory Training.  Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be utilizing 
the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective self-paced 
web-based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all reservations and 
revenue management staff have successfully completed training and have passed a certification 
test by at least a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff must be certified, 1 
of whom must be your director/manager of revenue management (or equivalent).  If your staff 
does not attain the minimum score, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is 
no separate fee for this training.    
 
5. 
OnQ Forecast Management (FM) Training. The OnQ FM online training is mandatory for 
all of your staff working in the designated subject areas within 60 days of their start date. This 
may include your directors/managers of revenue management, sales, front office operations, and 
their assistants. Each attendee must demonstrate proficiency in all areas of OnQ FM. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
6. 
GRO System Training. The GRO System Training is mandatory for all of your staff working 
in the designated areas within 21 days of their start date. Currently there are 3 different GRO 
System courses, and the specific courses required vary based on job position. Currently, there is 
no separate fee for this training. 
 
7. 
Hilton Honors Training. The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
this training. 
 
