 
 
66 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotel operations and 
for hotel identification, advertising and accounting. Although neither we, nor HIH, nor any 
predecessor of either of us, have filed an application for a copyright registration for the Manual, 
we and HIH claim copyrights and the information is proprietary. You must comply with our 
requirements concerning confidentiality of the Manual. You may not copy or distribute any part of 
the Manual to anyone who is not affiliated with the System. You must promptly notify us, in writing, 
when you learn of any unauthorized use of our Proprietary Information. We will respond as we 
think appropriate. We are not, however, obligated to participate in your defense or indemnify you 
for damages or expenses if you are a party to a proceeding involving the copyright on the Manual. 
Items 11 and 15 of this Disclosure Document further describe the limitations on the use of the 
Manual by you and your employees. 
 
Although neither HIH nor any predecessor has filed an application for copyright registration for 
the Hilton OnQ software, which includes OnQ (formerly System 21) and other Hilton systems 
(namely the Revenue and Customer Relationship Management Systems), HIH claims copyrights 
and the information is Proprietary Information. You may not copy or distribute any of the OnQ 
software, and you must notify us of any unauthorized use of the OnQ software or any other Hilton 
system. 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any of HIH’s 
claimed copyrighted materials. Also, there are no currently effective determinations of the US 
Patent and Trademark Office, Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any court pertaining to or 
affecting any of the claimed copyrights discussed above. Finally, as of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document, neither we nor HIH are aware of any infringing uses of or superior prior 
rights to any of their claimed copyrights which could materially affect your use of them. 
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion to modify or discontinue the use of any 
current or future copyright and/or the use of one or more additional or substitute copyrights, you 
must comply with our instructions. We are not obligated to reimburse you for any costs, expenses 
or damages. 
Although the copyrights described above are claimed by HIH, as applicable, the copyrights may 
be transferred to another affiliate for administrative purposes periodically, and we will continue to 
have a license to use them in connection with the System in our franchise business. 
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the 
obligations for the Marks described in Item 13 of this Disclosure Document. 
All information that we provide to you, including but not limited to Personal Information, for your 
use in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. You may not use any 
such information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the Standards 
or otherwise.  All information we obtain from you or about your Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (including agreements relating 
to the computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other 
system(s) we provide or require), or otherwise related to your Hotel (“Information”), and all 
revenues we derive from the Information will also be our property (except for Information you 
provide with respect to yourself and any affiliates, including your or your affiliates’ respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners or members), which we may use for any reason as we 
consider necessary or appropriate, in our judgment, including making financial performance 
representations in our Franchise Disclosure Documents. At your own risk you may use 
Information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Hotel, such as customer data (but 
