 
2025 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
Part 2: Application Letter 
 
Name of Applicant: 
(“Applicant”) 
Location: 
(“Location”) 
 
Brand (check one): 
 
 
Canopy by Hilton 
Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton 
Motto by Hilton 
Conrad 
Hilton 
Signia by Hilton 
Curio Collection by Hilton 
Hilton Garden Inn 
Spark by Hilton 
DoubleTree by Hilton 
Home2 Suites by Hilton 
Tapestry Collection by Hilton 
DoubleTree Suites by Hilton 
Homewood Suites by Hilton 
Tempo by Hilton 
Embassy Suites 
LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Tru by Hilton 
Graduate by Hilton 
LXR 
Waldorf Astoria 
Hampton Inn by Hilton 
 
 
 
This franchise application letter (“Application Letter”) is provided to Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
(“Franchisor”), a subsidiary of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (“Hilton Worldwide”), authorized to 
consider and process an application for a franchise to operate a hotel under the Brand at the Location in the 
United States (“Hotel”). The present or future subsidiaries and affiliates of Hilton Worldwide are 
collectively referred to as “entities” (“Entities”). Applicant understands that Franchisor is relying on the 
information provided in this application and all documents submitted by Applicant and co-owners and their 
agents, advisers and representatives in connection with or in support of the application, including, but not 
limited to, this Application Letter (together, the “Application”). Applicant agrees to supply such additional 
information, statements or data as may be requested by Franchisor. Applicant represents, warrants, and 
undertakes to Franchisor and the Entities, that: 
 
1. 
All information contained in the Application is true, correct and complete as of the date of this 
Application Letter. Applicant will promptly inform Franchisor of any change in any of the information 
provided in the Application. 
 
2. 
Both Applicant and the undersigned have the authority to make the Application and to enter into a 
franchise agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) for the proposed Hotel at the Location. Neither the making 
of this Application nor the execution of a Franchise Agreement will conflict with nor put Applicant in 
breach of the terms of any agreements to which Applicant, its affiliates or the undersigned are a party or by 
which Applicant or its affiliates are bound. Neither Applicant nor its affiliates have been induced by Hilton 
Worldwide to terminate or breach any agreement with respect to the Location. 
 
3. 
Certain information concerning Franchisor’s system for the Brand, including the Disclosure 
Document (if required under applicable law), the manual and the Franchise Agreement (together, the 
“Franchise Information”), has been made available to Applicant. Applicant is generally familiar with the 
Franchise Information and its requirements and is applying for the form of Franchise Agreement provided. 
Applicant undertakes to treat the manual which it may receive from Franchisor as confidential. Applicant 
acknowledges and agrees that the Franchise Information is the property of Hilton Worldwide and/or the 
Entities, and that Applicant obtains no right, title or interest in or to any of the Franchise Information. 
Applicant agrees not to use the Franchise Information unless and until a Franchise Agreement is entered 
into and then in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. 
Applicant acknowledges that Hilton Worldwide and the Entities do not enter into oral agreements 
or understandings with respect to the Franchise Agreement, and as that of the date of this Application Letter 
there are no oral agreements or understandings between Applicant and Hilton Worldwide or the Entities 
with respect to the proposed Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
