 
 
40 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
Spa Build-out and Management  
You must install a spa in your Hotel in accordance with our specifications.  You may need to 
engage a third-party spa management company for the development of your spa, including 
entering into a consulting services agreement for the build-out and design, planning and concept 
development, business model creation, IT, construction and technical services, equipment 
selection and procurement, operational guidelines, menu development and sales and marketing 
services related to the spa. The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in 
Item 7 above. After your Hotel opens, you may enter into an agreement with us or one of our 
affiliates for the management of the spa; or, we may allow you to either manage the spa yourself 
or retain the services of another spa management company approved by us in advance. 
Reservation Service 
 
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
 
Business Computer Systems 
 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide.  For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service.  In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications.  All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system.  See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier.  See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems. 
 
Hotel Identity and Positioning Consultant 
We may require you to use an independent third-party consultant (an “Identity Consultant”) that 
has been approved by us to consult with you on the Trade Name, visual identity, and strategic 
brand positioning of your Hotel and all related designs, concepts, themes, ethos, and 
elements. This includes developing and maintaining a repository of imagery and videography for 
your Hotel. You may not use an Identity Consultant that we have not approved.  The estimated 
cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. We may maintain a list of 
approved Identity Consultants that you can choose from, or you may propose an Identity 
Consultant for our approval.  We will consider approving any an Identity Consultant that you 
