EXHIBIT - ____ 
 
DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE 
 
McLean, Virginia 
$[INSERT AMOUNT] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: [INSERT DATE] 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [INSERT NAME (whether one or more, jointly and severally, “Maker”) promises 
to pay to the order of HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Holder”), 
the principal sum of [INSERT AMOUNT IN WORDS] ($[INSERT NUMERICAL AMOUNT]) which amount 
shall bear no interest unless Maker defaults or this Development Incentive Note (this “Note”) is accelerated. 
 
This Note is issued pursuant to the Franchise Agreement between Holder and Maker for the operation of a 
[INSERT BRAND] hotel to be located at [INSERT ADDRESS] (“Hotel”). All capitalized terms not defined 
in this Note shall have the same meaning as in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
The principal amount of this Note will be disbursed by Holder to Maker, and Maker will become subject to 
the obligation to repay or discharge this Note, when and if (a): Maker opens the Hotel with our consent; (b) 
there have been no material adverse changes in the business, legal, litigation, bankruptcy status or finances 
of the Maker, any guarantors, or the project since approval; (c) Maker has completed any PIP; and (d) 
Maker has paid the Franchise Application Fee. If the Franchise Agreement terminates before the Hotel 
opens and Holder has not disbursed the principal amount of this Note to Maker, then this Note will be 
deemed discharged and neither party will have any further obligation to the other under this Note. On each 
anniversary of the Hotel’s Opening Date, one-twentieth (1/20th) [UPDATE IF FA TERM IS NOT 20 YEARS] 
of the original principal amount will be forgiven without payment. Maker’s obligation to repay the principal 
of this Note will cease and this Note will automatically be canceled and discharged when and if the principal 
is completely forgiven or repaid in accordance with these terms. For the purposes of calculating the portion 
of the principal amount of this Note that is forgiven each year, Holder will be deemed to have disbursed the 
full principal amount regardless of whether or not Holder has set off any amounts from such principal 
amount pursuant to the Franchise Agreement prior to disbursement to Maker. 
 
If a termination of the Franchise Agreement occurs for any reason; or a Transfer occurs, and the transferee 
does not assume Maker’s obligation under this Note and cause a replacement co-maker acceptable to 
Holder to assume the obligations of any co-maker under this Note in a writing acceptable to Holder before 
the closing of such Transfer before the principal is forgiven or repaid, then the outstanding, unamortized 
principal balance of this Note shall be immediately due and payable without further notice, demand or 
presentment. If this Note is accelerated under this paragraph, and is not paid within ten (10) days after it is 
due, the outstanding principal balance shall bear simple interest from its due date until paid at a rate equal 
to the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the highest rate allowed by applicable law. The 
outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America 
at 7930 Jones Branch Dr., Suite 1100, McLean, VA 22102, Attention: General Counsel, or at such other 
place as Holder may periodically direct by written notice to Maker. Any payments shall be first applied to 
collection costs and expenses, if any, incurred by the Holder, second to any accrued but unpaid interest 
and last to principal. Maker has the right to prepay this Note, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium 
or penalty but amounts paid or prepaid may not be re-disbursed. Prepayments of principal will be applied 
without notation on this Note. Maker’s obligation to pay this Note shall be absolute and unconditional, and 
all payments shall be made without setoff, deduction, offset, recoupment or counterclaim. 
 
If this Note is collected by or through an attorney at law, the Holder shall be entitled to collect reasonable 
attorney’s fees and all costs of collection, which, shall be due and payable on demand or, at the Holder’s 
election, may be added to the amount due and payable to Holder under this Note. This Note is issued in 
and shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of New York (without the application 
of conflict of laws principles). Each maker, co-maker, endorser, guarantor or accommodation party liable 
for this Note waives presentment, demand, notice of demand, protest, notice of non-payment, notice of 
protest, notice of dishonor and diligence in collection. Holder reserves the right to modify the terms of this 
Note, grant extensions, renewals, releases, discharges, compositions and compromises with any party 
