 
 
49 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software. The hardware and software for Guest Internet 
Access will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to 
the hardware and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone 
lines, network connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. We estimate that it will 
cost between $72,033 and $105,270 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, 
and certain other costs and fees, excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation.  
Guest Internet Access Circuit. You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You must 
arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required dial-in-line locally. The cost will 
depend on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate 
that these together will cost between $1,950 and $4,900 per month ($23,400 to $58,800 per year). 
These fees are normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service. You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet 
Access service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider. The cost will depend 
on your Hotel’s size and number of meeting rooms. Currently, we estimate that it will cost between 
$653 and $1,200 per month ($7,836 to $14,400 per year). This estimate includes the monthly 
service for the 24x7 call center support and equipment break-fix maintenance. Your costs will 
depend on your Hotel’s size and number of meeting rooms. These fees are normally not 
refundable. 
Guest Internet Access Refresh. You must refresh the Guest Internet Access system at least every 
4 years. We may also require the Guest Internet Access system to be refreshed in connection 
with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We 
anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not 
including any elements that were needed for the original installation only).  
GRO System 
 
You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system. The GRO system is 
an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing recommendations for your 
Hotel based on robust data analytics and forecasting. The GRO system integrates with the OnQ 
system for ease of operation. You are not required to adopt the pricing recommendations provided 
by GRO. Currently, the GRO system is based on a solution provided by Integrated Decisions and 
Systems, Inc. (“IDeaS”), which provides maintenance and customer support services for the 
application. We may provide additional support. There are no other approved vendors at this time. 
We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for the GRO system. The system is 
updated and maintained centrally by IDeaS. We will have independent access to your Hotel’s 
information stored in this system. There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this 
information. You must pay for a portion of the installation costs of the GRO system at your Hotel, 
which is currently about $3,800. Currently, you are not required to pay an ongoing fee to use this 
system. 
Connected Room System 
We may require you to install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an assortment of 
streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton Honors 
App. This system requires a control module that is connected to each in-room television along 
with certain electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors. The 
