 
5 
 
ISSUE 
PROPOSED TERMS 
DELETE IF NOT 
APPLICABLE: 
Development 
Incentive/Key Money 
 
NOTE: The Term of 
the Franchise 
Agreement should 
ideally run from the 
authorized opening 
of the Hotel, so that 
the expiration of the 
Franchise 
Agreement matches 
the Key Money 
amortization period.  
DELETE THIS 
NOTE. 
 
DELETE IF NOT APPLICABLE: 
We will provide you with a financial contribution in the amount of 
[$___________] (the “Development Incentive”). You must sign a 
Development Incentive Note (“Note”) when you sign your Franchise 
Agreement. INSERT IF KEY MONEY IS IN EXCESS OF $1,000,000: 
[You must also have a co-maker sign the Note.] We will disburse the funds to 
you within 30 days after you open the Hotel if certain conditions are met. A 
prorated portion of the principal will be forgiven each year without payment 
during the term. The balance will be accelerated and become due only if your 
franchise terminates before the end of the Term or if you transfer the franchise 
(with our consent) and your transferee does not assume the Note. In that event 
payment is due within 10 days. Late payment is subject to interest of 18% per 
year or the highest rate allowed by law.    
 
To the extent there are any unpaid overdue amounts owed by you or your 
Affiliates to us or our Affiliates under the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreements relating to the Hotel, we will be entitled, but not obligated, to pay 
ourselves or our Affiliates such amounts from the Development Incentive 
prior to disbursing any funds to you.  For the purposes of calculating the 
prorated portion of the principal that is forgiven each year, we will be deemed 
to have advanced the full amount of the Development Incentive regardless of 
whether or not we have paid ourselves or our Affiliates any such amounts from 
the Development Incentive prior to distribution of the Development Incentive 
to you. 
 
Other  
You must comply with our standard due diligence requirements.  
 
 
OPTION A: USE IF A CONVERSION INDEMNITY LETTER IS IN AREADY IN PLACE FOR 
CONVERSION DEALS AND FOR ALL NEW BUILD DEALS.  OTHERWISE DELETE. 
 
This letter outlines the proposed terms of the Franchise Agreement for the Hotel. The proposed terms reflect 
a number of very valuable concessions from us that I would be willing to support internally. It does not 
reflect the language of the actual provisions that will be contained in the Franchise Agreement.  This letter 
is not intended to, and does not, constitute a complete statement of, or a legally binding and enforceable 
agreement or commitment on the part of Franchisor with respect to the matters described in this letter.  You 
should not rely upon this letter or any communications of any kind, oral or written, relating to this matter.   
 
By signing this letter, you represent that you do not have any pre-existing agreements or contractual 
arrangements that would prevent you from entering into a Franchise Agreement with us. A definitive 
agreement will result when you and we execute a Franchise Agreement containing all essential terms of this 
transaction.  Efforts by either party to complete due diligence or negotiate or prepare the Franchise Agreement 
is not evidence of an intent by either party to be bound by the terms of this proposal letter. 
 
OPTION B: FOR CONVERSIONS ONLY.  USE IF THE TERM SHEET IS TO BE USED AS THE 
CONVERSION INDEMNITY LETTER. OTHERWISE DELETE. 
 
This letter outlines the proposed terms of the Franchise Agreement for the Hotel. The proposed terms reflect 
a number of very valuable concessions from us that I would be willing to support internally. It does not 
reflect the language of the actual provisions that will be contained in the Franchise Agreement. This letter 
