 
 
6 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
We license the LXR System (the "System"), which consists of the elements, including know-how, 
that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand and currently 
includes the Marks; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; training programs and materials, standards, specifications and policies 
for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel, and other elements 
we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual,  or in other communications to you; and, 
programs for our inspecting the hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements to the 
System or modify, alter or delete elements of the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the 
essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments.  
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion. 
Before signing a Franchise Agreement with us, you must submit a Franchise Application, and we 
may also require you to sign a term sheet with certain binding terms. See Exhibits D, F, and F-1.  
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
 
LXR hotels compete in the luxury hotel market segment. The market for your services will depend 
on your property's location, size and its type of operation (that is, resort, conference center, hotel 
for frequent business travelers, etc.). Franchisees seek customers and business referrals from 
the local community and typically solicit business from associations, corporations and tour and 
travel groups, on a regional and national level.   
In general, you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and 
independently operated local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food 
and beverage services to the same clientele. Your convention and meeting facilities will also 
compete with national, international and independent hotels and convention centers in other 
regions.  If you are operating a spa, you will compete with other spa concepts, wellness centers, 
and other parties offering the same or similar services.  This would include salons that offer many 
of the services your spa will offer and individuals and businesses that provide certain of the 
services you offer, such as massage therapists. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, acquire, or establish, or serve as franchisee or 
licensee for, competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within, if any, 
Restricted Area, under any brands or marks (but not a Brand hotel within your Restricted Area, if 
