HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
TOTAL PRICE 
$%TotalPrice% 
*TOTAL PRICE EXCLUDES TAXES, SHIPPING & ANY MONTHLY FEE ITEMS NOTED HEREIN 
Notes:   
(i) Promptly following HSS’s providing of the Services, if applicable, due to implementation delays or requested incremental days on-site, an invoice will 
be submitted to Customer for HSS’s representatives’ out-of-pocket expenses, any additional per diem charges for its representatives, any re-scheduling 
fee, and any additional travel expenses as set forth above, which invoice will be payable within fifteen days of Customer’s receipt of same. 
(ii) Customer will pay according to the terms of any invoice(s) submitted to Customer, including any provision for late charges, the fee for the installation 
of any telephone line(s) or wide area network connection(s) necessary for connection of the Authorized Equipment 
(iii) The cost to configure equipment obtained by Customer from a non-preferred retailer, to be included here, when applicable. 
E. Other. If Customer attaches or uses third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces with any of the Agreement Products and 
Services, the Central Reservation System or the internet which have not been certified or approved by HSS as meeting HSS’s 
specifications and/or does not conform to the standards provided by the HSS or if Customer installs other third party non-HSS proprietary 
software which has not been certified or approved by HSS as meeting HSS’s specifications, the Agreement Products and Services or 
such third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces may need to be reconfigured and the entire cost of such reconfiguration will be 
borne by Customer. Where HSS specifications cannot be met with such third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces, such third 
party equipment, software and/or interfaces will, at Customer’s sole cost, be removed and/or replaced as directed by HSS. 
1.12 HSS Representatives on-Site at Hotel:  Customer must have its representative(s) on-site at the Hotel for the implementation of 
the Agreement Products and Services.  Once HSS’s representatives are on-site, any delays will result in additional expense to Customer.  
If a delay in implementation of any of the Agreement Products and Services caused solely by Customer necessitates the departure and 
re-scheduling of HSS’s representatives, then, in addition to the other fees set forth in this Order Document, Customer will be required to 
pay a fee consisting of charges for such representatives’ work days and travel days (currently U$700.00 per representative per day), 
change fees, and additional travel expenses.  The re-scheduled date will be determined based on the needs of the Hotel as well as the 
availability of HSS’s representatives.  
2. Proprietary Software Maintenance    
2.1 Proprietary Software Maintenance.   
A. HSS will provide Customer with Proprietary Software maintenance and support services (the “Proprietary Software Maintenance”) for 
a term of one (1) year (with annual renewals thereafter at the option of HSS) commencing on the Order Effective Date.  The annual fee, 
payable in monthly installments, is as follows: 
%SoftwareMaintTable% 
B. The first monthly payment will be invoiced in advance of the shipment date to the Hotel (the date of shipment being the “Start Date”) 
of the Authorized Equipment purchased which will operate Proprietary Software to be maintained.   For the avoidance of doubt, HSS has 
no obligation to provide Customer with maintenance, support or Help Desk services for any Certified Third Party Software; maintenance 
support and services for Certified Third Party Software is to be provided by the applicable Preferred Provider pursuant to the applicable 
Master Agreement.  The Proprietary Software Maintenance and support offered by HSS is described in Schedule A. 
C. HSS is unable to modify, and does not provide support for, the Certified Third Party Software.  Provided Customer has paid for all 
Proprietary Software Maintenance and other fees charged hereunder and satisfied all other obligations under the Agreement, HSS will 
supply Customer with any standard enhancements, improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software (“Updates”) 
generally made available by HSS as options or new releases to its Customers which are not charged for separately by HSS. Such Updates 
will be HSS’s sole and exclusive property and will be deemed part of the Proprietary Software hereunder.  Customer agrees that it may 
be required to purchase some Updates to the Proprietary Software, which are charged for separately by HSS, as well as additional 
hardware and/or software in order to utilize certain major upgrades or enhancements.   
2.2 Use of Certified Third Party Software Only.  In the event Customer uses or installs any third party software other than Certified 
Software on the Authorized Equipment or uses equipment that is not Authorized Equipment, HSS will have no further obligations to 
provide any Proprietary Software Maintenance services to Customer. 
2.3 Increases/Decreases.  HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Proprietary Software Maintenance cost on an annual 
basis to reflect increases or decreases in such costs and the addition or construction of additional guest rooms (or suites) by Customer 
for Customer's Hotel. 
3. Additional Services.   
