 
 
48 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
OnQ Connectivity. The cost for OnQ connectivity is billed to you by HSS, and costs between $400 
and $600 per month. Billing will begin when your Hotel’s internet access circuit is installed, about 
45 days before opening. These fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document 
Section 1.7). 
Start Up Delay and Rescheduling Fees. You must have one or more Systems Implementation 
Consultants (“SICs”) on site for your Hotel’s opening. HSS determines the number of SICs and 
the number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening 
will cost $700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICs’ travel expenses. If the delay 
results in the departure and re-scheduling of the SICs’ on-site service period, a $2,000 re-
scheduling fee would be charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not 
refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document Section 1.6 and 1.11).  
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on OnQ 
software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware and you 
must pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost varies 
based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. In 2024, these fees ranged from $2,230 
to $6,630 per month ($26,760 to $79,560 per year). These fees are not refundable (see HITS 
Agreement, Schedule B-2). 
OnQ Additional Rooms Fee. If you add or construct additional guest rooms/suites at your Hotel 
at any time after you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must pay HSS a fee for each additional 
room/suite that is added when it is complete. This fee is currently $120 per guest room/suite and 
is not refundable.  
OnQ Additional Interface Fee. If you add additional OnQ interfaces any time after your Hotel is 
opened, you must pay HSS a fee for each additional interface. This fee is currently $1,000 per 
interface and is not refundable.  
OnQ System Refresh. You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 
years or such longer period as we may designate. We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the 
original installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation 
only).  
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system. There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information. We may 
change the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are 
made to the architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may 
require (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms, meeting rooms, and public spaces at your 
Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”) (Franchise Agreement, 
Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called 
“StayConnected.” You must install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and 
subscribe to an internet access service to meet this requirement.  
