HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
approved vendors to comply with their service level agreements as to installation and shipment timing for Customer’s installation, in 
accordance with such approved vendor agreements. 
D. If Customer elects to purchase such Authorized Equipment from another retailer, it will be installed at the Hotel on a date mutually 
agreed to by HSS and Customer following HSS’s determination that it conforms to HSS’s specifications and testing procedures and can 
be configured with the Software. 
1.8 Payment of Core Communication Fee: HSS provides shared bandwidth connectivity between the Property and the Hilton data 
centers (including the Central Reservation System) and network integration points and will charge a fee to Customer (“Core 
Communication Fee”) to recoup the portion of the expenses attributable to Customer.  The fees paid by HSS for such connectivity is 
comprised of all of the fees paid by HSS to maintain this connectivity, including without limitation, backbone circuit fees, circuit costs, 
router fees, router management fees, maintenance services, and charges by third party service providers. Because the fee amount is 
based on actual expenses incurred by HSS, the amount of the Core Communication Fee payable by Customer may vary from year to 
year.  However, the fee itself is always contained in the Annual Budget Guidelines distributed to Customer by Hilton.  Customer will pay 
to HSS the Core Communication Fee identified in the Annual Budget Guidelines distributed to Customer by Hilton. 
1.9. Software Installation.   
A. Unless specifically stated as being implemented by HSS, it is Customer’s obligation to install the Software on the Authorized Equipment 
and any related hardware at such time as HSS designates in writing to Customer.  The Software may be installed in phases such that 
one or more Software modules may be installed and/or be operational prior to other Software modules.  Customer will be responsible for 
all fees and costs incurred in the installation of Software and any related Software.   
B. If Customer purchases the Authorized Equipment from HSS or a Preferred Provider, the Preferred Provider or HSS will install the 
Software and any related software as described in this Agreement on the Authorized Equipment and HSS will complete the installation 
at the Hotel, as applicable, on the agreed upon installation date.  If Customer does not purchase the Authorized Equipment from the 
Preferred Provider, HSS will install the Software and any related software at such time as HSS designates in writing to Customer.  The 
Software may be installed in phases such that one or more Software modules may be installed and/or operational prior to other Software 
modules.  The Software modules to be installed will be as set out above and in this Agreement, and Customer hereby agrees to permit 
the Preferred Provider or HSS to install any and all other Software modules on the Authorized Equipment in or at the Hotel, as provided 
for herein. 
C. If Customer purchases Authorized Equipment from a retailer other than the Preferred Provider, Customer will pay for configuring the 
Authorized Equipment purchased from such retailer, with the Software.  Customer will also be responsible for shipping and shipping 
related costs to and from HSS for such configuration. 
1.10 Third Party Interface Testing and Connectivity.  If Customer requires the implementation of any OnQ® Interface software for 
connectivity to third party systems, Customer will be responsible for any fees assessed by the third party vendors to test and implement 
the necessary connectivity.  In addition, Customer will be required to make arrangements with any such third party vendor to provide the 
necessary assistance required to test and to implement the interface connectivity.  This assistance requires the vendor to be on-site at 
the time of testing and implementation, unless the third party vendor can perform all necessary tasks (as defined by HSS) through a 
remote connection to the Customer’s third party system. The cost incurred by any third party vendors for testing and implementing 
connectivity to third party systems will be billed to Customer by HSS, or such vendors for the license of each copy of the Proprietary 
Software and the Certified Third Party Software licensed to Customer by HSS 
1.11 Certain Costs and Payment Terms. 
A.  Software License Fees.  Customer will pay HSS, Preferred Provider or another retailer approved by HSS, a fee for the license of each 
copy of the Proprietary Software and the Certified Third Party Software, licensed or sublicensed to Customer by third parties or installed 
on the Authorized Equipment at the Hotel (the “License Fees”).  
Proprietary OnQ® Software License 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneSWFee% 
Proprietary OnQ® Interface Software Licenses 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneLicenseFee% 
OnQ® Virus and CAL Licenses 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneVirusSW% 
If additional Hotel guest rooms (or suites) are added or constructed by Customer for Customer's Hotel at any time after the Effective Date 
of the Agreement, Customer will pay the cost of additional License Fees based upon the increase in such rooms.  Currently, the cost of 
the License Fees per additional room is $120.00. 
B. Cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified Third Party Software and Other Fees.  The cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified 
Third Party Software and other fees are shown below.  The costs will be invoiced to Customer by HSS or by the Preferred Provider. 
Authorized Equipment and Certified Third Party Software 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneHWFee% 
