 
 
41 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
propose for your Hotel.  We do not maintain a list of approval criteria for franchisees. We approve 
Identity Consultants based on several factors including: (1) the quality of their services; (2) their 
expertise in branding and marketing hotels, particularly in the luxury hotel segment; (3) their 
established history of serving the System or the luxury hotel market; and (4) their recognition by 
us and our franchisees for prior work done.  There is no specific time period for approving or 
disapproving an Identity Consultant.  Currently, we do not charge any fee for considering an 
Identity Consultant, and we do not receive any revenue from approved Identity Consultant based 
on your use of their services.  We may disapprove an Identity Consultant at any time in our 
discretion.  We will consider but are not obligated to approve a Trade Name that has been 
recommended by an Identity Consultant (see Item 13).  We may elect to waive this requirement 
when your Hotel has an established name or identity, or otherwise in our discretion.   
Forbes Travel Guide Program 
Your Hotel must participate in the Forbes Travel Guide (FTG) program as we specify, which is 
operated by the Five Star Travel Corporation. Under this program, your Hotel will participate in 
FTG’s independent hotel rating system published on www.forbestravelguide.com, which is used 
by guests and travel planners to compare luxury hotels worldwide. FTG rankings and awards may 
appear in marketing as provided or approved by FTG. In addition, FTG provides a suite of owner 
services designed to help support and improve luxury hotels, which include quality assessments, 
learning programs, tools, and resources. We currently require your Hotel to participate in 3 
program components annually: the FTG Partnership, 1 2-day on-site training session, and 1 on-
site quality assessment. The FTG Partnership provides multiple resources including an annual 
ratings report, standards, toolkits, and social media marketing campaigns. We will waive the FTG 
Partnership requirement for hotels that are not within an FTG-rated market. Currently, the total 
cost is $22,400 per year. For new hotels, some or all of this cost may be paid before opening. 
You may also elect to purchase optional services from FTG at additional cost. We may use your 
Hotel’s results from the FTG quality assessment for consultation purposes. We do not receive 
any revenue or other benefits from FTG for your participation in this program. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8.  
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for remodeling of the hotel, and any time you 
make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other applicable 
certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply with all 
