 
 
51 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
would be where such hardware and software need to interface to OnQ. In those instances, your 
choice of supplier would be restricted to those that have a working interface to OnQ. The 
hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective 
vendors you choose. 
Replacement of the OnQ Property Management System 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document we are in the early phases of converting our property 
management system within OnQ (the OnQ PMS) to a new and more-advanced system called the 
Hilton Property Management System (“HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to informally as the 
Property Engagement Platform (“PEP®”). HPMS will be a complete replacement for the OnQ 
PMS. It will provide the same basic functionality along with some new features (HPMS will not 
replace the guest internet access system). HPMS will utilize similar training and a similar HITS 
Agreement as the OnQ PMS. We anticipate that the cost of installing, operating, and updating 
HPMS will be lower than the cost of OnQ PMS. We began installing HPMS in a limited number of 
hotels in 2022 and we have been pursuing wider deployment since that time. The transition of 
System Hotels to HPMS may vary by market and by Hotel, and may occur over a period of months 
or years.   
 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, HPMS is not yet required for the Brand in the US. 
However, we anticipate that HPMS will become required for most System hotels in the future. In 
the meantime, we may offer you the option of installing HPMS in lieu of the OnQ PMS if we 
determine it is suitable for your Hotel. We recommend that all new hotels that are able to install 
HPMS do so before opening. For hotels in which HPMS is not yet available, we may require you 
to upgrade to HPMS at some point in the future and sign a new HITS Agreement or amendment. 
We will work with you on planning for that transition at the appropriate time. We developed HPMS 
in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS 
are proprietary to Hilton. We are not able to determine a separate market price for HPMS because 
there is no third-party market for HPMS in its entirety.  
Training 
 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part 
of the certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and 
operational functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and 
operational functions must complete the required training to our satisfaction. If you hire 
replacement personnel for any of these roles or functions, the replacements must successfully 
complete the appropriate training programs. 
When we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and 
appropriate for the business and operational functions of the Hotel so that it may operate in 
accordance with our Standards.  At all times under the Franchise Agreement you are an 
independent contractor and an independent employer, and we will not direct or supervise your 
personnel, or have, retain, reserve, or exercise any control over your (or your Management 
Company’s) personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner. 
The following table describes our training program as of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure 
Document.  We may modify our training requirements over time.  The subject matter, time 
required, locations, and costs are subject to change. In this table the term “virtual” means an 
internet-based class with a live instructor, and “online” means an internet-based class that does 
