Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
             Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter 
Page 7 
{004028-999987 M0027976.DOC; 1} 
or other financial institution engaged in the business of making loans or any fund managed by any of the 
foregoing, (ii) is not a Competitor of Franchisor, and (iii) does not own directly or indirectly, any equity 
interest in Franchisee or its constituent owners; provided, however, that Franchisor may, in its discretion, 
reject a notice if the Loan is in default when notice is given, or if the notice is not sent by Lender, or if 
notice is not sent in a timely manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. On receipt and acceptance of 
the notice, Franchisor will promptly prepare its then-current form of Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement (“Assignment”) and Lender and Assignee must promptly execute and return the Assignment. 
Franchisor may charge a nominal fee for processing the Assignment. If there is more than one Assignee, 
the Assignees must (i) designate a single representative to receive notices, negotiate on behalf of and 
bind each Assignee in connection with this letter agreement and any assignment thereof, and (ii) 
acknowledge that Franchisor shall be entitled to rely on such designation and deal solely with such 
representative without the necessity of notifying, negotiating with, or obtaining the consent of, each 
Assignee. 
 
9. 
Communication with Lender.  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may discuss with 
Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, the Franchise Agreement, or any matter to which Lender is 
entitled to notice under the terms of this letter agreement.  Franchisee agrees that the Released Parties 
shall not be liable to Franchisee for taking any action or providing any information required or 
contemplated by this letter agreement. 
 
10. 
Management.  Any change to the management company for the Hotel (“Management”) 
made by Lender or a receiver before an Assumption is subject to Franchisor’s prior written approval. 
Franchisor will use its business judgment in determining whether to approve the new Management. After 
an Assumption, the terms of the Franchise Agreement will govern with respect to Management, provided, 
however, Lender shall not be bound by any requirements of the Franchise Agreement to manage the 
Hotel itself. 
 
11. 
Execution.  This letter agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original. The parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means which will be 
initiated by Franchisor. An authorized representative of Franchisor will countersign on behalf of 
Franchisor when all conditions are fulfilled. 
 
12. 
Effectiveness and Termination.  This letter agreement will be effective only when 
Franchisor receives signatures indicating acceptance by Lender and Franchisee and Franchisor’s 
authorized representative countersigns on the signature page. If Franchisor does not receive signed 
copies from Lender and Franchisee within thirty (30) days from the date indicated on the first page of this 
letter agreement, Franchisor’s offer to enter into this letter agreement may be withdrawn. Once effective, 
this letter agreement will automatically terminate if (a) Lender no longer has a security interest in 
Franchisee or the Loan is paid in full, (b) Lender transfers the Loan to another entity unless this letter 
agreement is assigned in compliance with its terms, (c) Lender materially breaches this letter agreement, 
(d) Lender has been taken over in any manner by any state or federal agency, (e) Franchisee transfers 
the Franchise Agreement and the transfer results in a new franchise agreement being entered, or (f) 
Franchisor terminates the Franchise Agreement in accordance with this letter agreement. 
 
13. 
General.  No entity may exercise any rights as Lender under this letter agreement if the 
entity or any affiliate is or becomes the owner of a direct or indirect beneficial interest (except a strictly 
passive interest) in Franchisee, other than through the exercise of rights under the Loan.  The provisions 
of this letter agreement are applicable only for the Hotel and the parties to this letter agreement. Issuance 
and execution of this letter agreement or the granting of any conditions provided in this letter agreement 
does not constitute an obligation on Franchisor’s part to provide the same at any future date. This letter 
agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties to this letter agreement in regard to the matters 
