 
 
55 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
 
15. 
Train the Trainer. Designed for roles that are responsible for your Hotel’s overall and 
departmental training.  The program currently includes web-based learning, two live virtual 
sessions (General and Deep Dive for Luxury Hotels), and video certification. Your Hotel must 
maintain at least two certified facilitators/trainers who complete this training within 90 days of 
opening or conversion. Currently, there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
16. 
Brand Learning Programs.  This training is mandatory for all personnel at your Hotel. It 
is conducted by the persons you designate to provide training periodically at your Hotel. It includes 
topics such as: New Employee Orientation and Culture Training (to be completed within 14 days 
of hire), Hospitality Training (to be completed within 60 days of hire) and Role Assigned 
Certification (to be completed within 45 days of hire). The amount of required training varies by 
role or function. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. It is included in the Pre-
Opening Training Resources. 
 
17. 
Luxury Leader Program. This training is mandatory for all newly-hired general managers 
at your Hotel. This program is comprised of self-paced learning, webinars, and an in-person 
immersive experience. Currently, the cost for the training is $1,000 plus travel cost for one three-
day in-person meeting. 
 
18. 
LXR Orientation Program.  All new staff at your Hotel must complete this orientation 
program within 14 days of Hotel opening. Any new personnel hired after the Hotel opening must 
complete this orientation program within 14 days of their start date. The amount of required 
training varies by the role or function. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.  
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
(1) 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel. We will 
include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, in advertising of 
System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing programs offered by 
us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System Hotels. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.4).  
