 
 
64 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
LXR Luxury Resorts & Hotels  
(stylized and/or with design) 
3284462 
August 28, 2007 
LXR 
6667010 
March 8, 2022 
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement.  
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in 
connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes 
periodically. If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with 
the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed. 
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our 
affiliates. 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time. We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark. We may limit what Marks each Brand of hotel may use.  
Your Hotel will be initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”). 
We may change the Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may 
not change the Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not 
acquiring the right to use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names 
or other marks or characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically 
designate to be used in the System. 
Use of the Marks: Your Duties 
 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed 
by us to you. We will have the sole right and responsibility to handle disputes with third parties 
concerning use of the Marks or the System. The protection of the Marks and their distinguishing 
characteristics as standing for the System is important to all of us. For this reason, you must 
immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your use of any of the Marks. You 
may not communicate with any other person regarding any such infringement, challenge or claim. 
We will take the action we consider appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and 
only we have the right to handle disputes concerning the Marks or the System. You must fully 
cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint us 
as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
