 
6 
 
is not intended to, and does not, constitute a complete statement of, or a legally binding and enforceable 
agreement or commitment on the part of Franchisor with respect to the matters described above in this 
letter.  You should not rely upon this letter or any communications of any kind, oral or written, relating to 
this matter.  A definitive franchise agreement will result only when you and we execute a separate Franchise 
Agreement containing all essential terms of this transaction.  Efforts by either party to complete due diligence 
or negotiate or prepare the Franchise Agreement is not evidence of an intent by either party to be bound by 
any terms of this proposal letter, except those below.   
 
By signing this Letter Agreement you represent that: 
 
Option One for Hotel Owners: 
 
(1) You made the initial contact with us about this matter. Neither we nor any employee or agent 
of ours contacted you first about this matter;  
(2) You either: (a) have the contractual right to terminate any existing agreement for the Hotel 
without breaching any existing agreement or paying liquidated or other damages; (b) have 
received a notice of non-renewal or termination for all existing agreement(s); or (c) agreements 
relating to the Hotel are expiring within 36 months of the date of this letter that you are not 
obligated to renew; and 
(3) There is no provision in any existing agreement(s) for the Hotel that would prohibit you from 
having discussions or entering into a franchise agreement with us, provided that the Hotel 
would not begin operating under such franchise agreement until your existing agreement(s) for 
the Hotel terminates or expires.  
 
Option Two for Hotel Buyers 
 
(1) You made the initial contact with us about this matter. Neither we nor any employee or agent 
of ours contacted you first about this matter;  
(2) The current owner of the Hotel has the contractual right to terminate any existing agreement 
relating to the Hotel upon your acquisition of the Hotel without breaching any such agreement 
and/or paying liquidated or other damages; and 
(3) Upon the purchase of the Hotel, you are not required to retain the current affiliation, 
management and/or franchise agreement for the Hotel and you have not made any 
representations to, or agreements with, the current owner of the Hotel that you will operate the 
Hotel under its existing agreements or brand name. 
 
Option Three for Pending or Approved Applications 
 
(1) You made the initial contact with us about this matter. Neither we nor any employee or agent 
of ours contacted you first about this matter; and 
(2) While you had discussions with other franchise or management (or other affiliation) companies 
(the “Other Company”) concerning the Hotel, nothing in those prior discussions has: (a) 
committed you to enter into an affiliation, management or franchise agreement for the Hotel 
with such Other Company; or (b) prohibited you from having discussions or entering into a 
franchise and/or management agreement with us. 
 
You will indemnify and hold harmless us (and our Affiliates and our and their employees, officers, and 
directors) for, from and against any claims, costs, damages and liabilities related to a breach of the 
representations contained in this letter or related to any existing agreement for the Hotel. These 
representations and the indemnity will survive the termination of any contractual relationship between us, 
including this Letter Agreement.   
