LXR - Global Preface
This Standards Manual (“Manual”) has been developed to provide the Owner (as defined below) of the Hotel with the required minimum standards, procedures, rules,
regulations, policies, and techniques (the “Brand Standards”) of LXR Hotels and Resorts (“Brand”) focused service brand system (the “System”). To achieve and maintain
high standards of quality and service and associated goodwill for the System, it is essential that Owner strictly adhere to all elements of the System, including, without
limitation, the Manual and the Owner’s Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Manual to the contrary, the policies contained in the Resources to this Manual are not
required to be adopted by a franchised Hotel as long as the Hotel adopts a policy covering the subject matter in the attachment that meets all legal requirements.
All references in this Manual to “Owner” refer to the Owner operating under a License Agreement or Franchise Agreement (which may be the owner of the Hotel) or the
owner under a Management Agreement, as applicable, with the Brand (the “Agreement”). All references in this Manual to the “Hotel” refer to the Hotel that has been
provided with this Manual. At times this Manual imposes obligations on the Hotel that are essential to the System. Owner is responsible for ensuring the hotel’s compliance
with those obligations. All references in this Manual to the “Brand” refer to Hilton Franchise Holding LLC or HLT Existing Franchise Holding LLC if the hotel is designated as
a USA hotel. Otherwise, these references refer to Hilton Franchising LP. All references to Hilton refer to Hilton, Inc.
These Brand Standards are subject to change, amendment, or supplement from time to time by the Brand. The Brand has the sole and absolute discretion to grant
exceptions to these Brand Standards as it deems appropriate.
These Brand Standards are designed to protect the System and the trademarks and service marks associated with the System, and not to control the day-to-day operation
of the Hotel. Owner at all times will remain responsible for the operation of the Hotel, and all activities occurring at the hotel. Owner must hire and train its own employees.
The Brand is not responsible for and does not direct or control the conduct of any Hotel employee.
Owner must comply with and maintain the Brand Standards at a level equal to or greater than as set forth in this Manual. Violation of any of these Brand Standards by
Owner shall constitute default of Owner’s Agreement and would allow the Brand to take all necessary action to protect the integrity of the System.
This Manual is the property of the Brand and is provided to Owner for use and reference during the term of its Agreement with the Brand. Additions and modifications to this
Manual will be posted at a website of which the Brand will provide Owner notice, or will be sent to Owner, and Owner must comply with these additions and modifications to
the same extent as if set forth in this Manual at this time. For the avoidance of any doubt, any such additions or modifications set forth at such a website are incorporated
herein by reference.
Owner must maintain the confidentiality of the Manual. Upon termination of its Agreement, Owner must return this Manual and all other confidential material owned, created,
or used by the Brand without retaining any photocopies.
At or about the time Owner executes the Agreement, the Brand will place Owner in a Region set forth below. The Region that Owner is placed in is within the sole and
absolute discretion of the Brand and may be modified from time to time. Owner must comply with all Brand Standards applicable to that Region, which includes those Brand
Standards that are not limited by Region.
For the avoidance of any doubt, if the applicability of a Brand Standard or a section of a Brand Standard is limited to a specific Region and the Owner has not been placed in
that Region, then the Brand Standard or section, as the case may be, is not applicable to the Owner. Conversely, if the Owner has been placed in that Region, the Owner
must comply with the Brand Standard or section.
For the avoidance of doubt, wherever it is stated in this Brand Standards Manual that certain requirements/specifications would apply where the Hotel has or decides/elects
to have certain elements, whether the Hotel has or will have such elements is to be determined in the sole discretion of Hilton.
Portable Document Format (PDF) Disclaimer
© Copyright 2024 Hilton
LXR - Global Preface
10
CONFIDENTIAL
LXR - Brand Standards - Global
Effective January 06, 2025
