HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE B-2 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND REFRESH 
1. Maintenance for the Authorized Equipment. Customer must take all steps necessary to provide all necessary maintenance services 
for the Authorized Equipment it purchases or leases so that it will receive such maintenance services for all such Authorized Equipment 
throughout the term of this Agreement.  Customer may elect to use the maintenance company (the Preferred Provider) with whom HSS 
has arranged to provide maintenance services (“Equipment Maintenance”) for the Authorized Equipment provided that such Authorized 
Equipment, if not purchased from the Preferred Provider, is first certified as being suitable for Equipment Maintenance, at the expense of 
Customer, by either HSS or the Preferred Provider.  For such services, the Customer will pay as set forth in this Schedule B-2 (the 
“Maintenance Fees”) and according to the terms of any invoice(s) submitted to Customer therefor, including any provision for late charges.  
If Customer elects to use the Preferred Provider and Equipment Maintenance is necessary, Customer will notify HSS, which in turn will 
notify the Preferred Provider to dispatch a Preferred Provider representative.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may elect, subject 
to HSS’s approval in advance in writing, to not provide maintenance services through this Agreement for certain pieces of such Authorized 
Equipment allowed to be used in conjunction with the Information System (“Non-maintained Equipment”).  Neither HSS nor the Preferred 
Provider will be responsible for any maintenance or support of Non-maintained Equipment. 
The following Authorized Equipment will be designated Non-maintained Equipment: 
%OptOutMaint% 
2. Maintenance Fees. The Maintenance Fees are subject to increase or decrease by HSS, in its sole discretion, on January 1 of each 
year during the term of this Agreement or any extension thereof; however, HSS will not charge Customer any Maintenance Fees that are 
greater than the Maintenance Fees charged to any similarly situated Customer (based upon factors determined by HSS in its sole 
judgment) utilizing equipment substantially similar to the Authorized Equipment and pursuant to an agreement which has terms and 
conditions substantially similar to this Agreement.  No maintenance fees will be charged to Customer for any Non-maintained Equipment 
as described in Section 1 above. 
3. Refresh of Authorized Equipment. Under HSS’s refreshment program, Customer will be responsible for and will pay for all fees and 
costs for the replacement or refreshment of the Authorized Equipment in HSS’s sole discretion (“Refresh”) on an approximate three (3) 
year cycle, starting approximately three (3) years after the initial shipment of such Authorized Equipment and for the provision of 
maintenance services by the Preferred Provider on such refreshed equipment.  The terms and conditions of the Authorized Equipment 
maintenance services for such equipment (included in such initial Refresh and included in any additional Refresh or Refreshes of 
Customer’s Authorized Equipment) will be the same as the terms and conditions of this Schedule B-2, including, but not limited to, the 
imposition of termination fees as described hereinafter, provided that the Maintenance Company may exclude from its maintenance 
obligations certain errors, defects or problems caused by Customer.  Customer's Refresh will be timed to occur prior to the end of the 
three (3) year cycle.  If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates for equipment and software, 
Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, any rent extension costs on Network 
Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance and software maintenance. 
4. Termination. If this Agreement is terminated (or if Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated) prior to the third anniversary 
of the Start Date, which will be the shipment date of the Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel, Customer will pay to HSS a termination 
fee which is designed to reimburse the Preferred Provider and/or HSS in part for any one or more of the following: reconfiguration costs, 
the unamortized fees and costs in the start-up and provision of maintenance services by the Preferred Provider  under this Agreement.  
If such termination occurs during the first year following the Start Date, the termination fee will be in the amount of $3600.00.  If such 
termination occurs during subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will be as follows: 
During second year 
$2,600 
During third year  
$1,300 
Thereafter 
 
$1,200 
Provided, however, if this Agreement is terminated, or if the Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated after a Customer 
Refresh of Authorized Equipment, the termination fee will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to shipment of 
such Authorized Equipment for each successive Customer Refresh as follows:   
During first year  
$3,800 
During second year 
$2,800 
During third year  
$1,400 
Thereafter 
 
$1,200 
5. Use of Certified Software Only.  Customer understands that use of any software other than the Proprietary Software and Certified Third 
Party Software provided by HSS pursuant to this Agreement, unless such additional third party software has been approved in writing by 
the HSS Information Technology Department, is not warranted for use on the Authorized Equipment.  In the event Customer uses or 
installs any third party software other than Certified Third Party Software or such approved software on the Authorized Equipment, HSS 
will have no further obligations to provide any equipment maintenance services to Customer hereunder. 
6. Equipment Maintenance. Equipment Maintenance will be provided for Customer’s Hotel. 
