HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
7. Cost and Payment Terms. Annual Cost of Equipment Maintenance for Authorized Equipment is $%AnnualHWMaint% payable in 
monthly installments of $%MonthlyHWMaint% per month.  Payments will be calculated from the Start Date.  The monthly payment amount 
will be due in advance and will be billed by HSS or its designee.  The first invoice will be issued upon the Start Date. Interest at the then 
current highest rate allowed by applicable state law will be charged for any payments made by Customer after the payment due date 
(thirty (30) days after billing). 
Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site maintenance will be billed separately. 
HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Equipment Maintenance cost on an annual basis as provided in Section 2 above. 
When certain Authorized Equipment or parts for certain Authorized Equipment are no longer being manufactured or reasonably 
obtainable, HSS or the Preferred Provider will notify Customer of such circumstance and maintenance on such Authorized Equipment 
will no longer be available.  After such notice, Customer will no longer be charged for maintenance on such Authorized Equipment. 
8. Customer Responsibilities as to Equipment Maintenance. Customer will maintain on its staff at all times sufficient personnel that have 
been trained in and are knowledgeable about the use of the Information System in a professional, efficient and competent manner.  
Customer is responsible for maintaining duplicate or back-up copies of its software, data files and documentation and Certified Third 
Party Software.  Neither HSS nor Preferred Provider will have any liability for any damages resulting from Customer’s failure to maintain 
such copies nor for any costs or expenses of reconstructing any data or information that may be destroyed, impaired or lost.  Neither 
HSS nor Preferred Provider  has any obligation to maintain or repair any equipment other than the Authorized Equipment, nor to repair 
or replace any cables, cords, expendable or consumable components such as ribbons, paper, toner cartridges, print wheels, drums, 
batteries, or diskettes, whether or not defined as Authorized Equipment. Customer will not move or perform maintenance services on any 
of such Authorized Equipment without HSS’s or Preferred Provider’s prior written consent.  
9. Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS or Preferred Provider with all information, data and other required materials necessary to 
reproduce any problem identified by Customer.  Customer will maintain for the term of this Agreement a modem and dial-up telephone 
line and a facsimile machine or other electronic communication capability mutually acceptable to both parties to facilitate the ability to 
perform the Equipment Maintenance services remotely. 
In some instances, Equipment Maintenance will be provided using a depot program, where Customer ships failed Authorized Equipment 
to the depot when Customer receives replacement of such Authorized Equipment.  If Customer does not ship such failed equipment, 
Customer will be responsible for any unreturned equipment charges billed by HSS, the Preferred Provider or the depot program provider. 
10. Expenses. If Equipment Maintenance personnel incur travel, lodging, meal, or any other out of pocket expenses in furnishing the 
services hereunder, Customer will pay for or promptly reimburse HSS for same, subject to reasonable documentation of such expenses.  
Customer will also pay for all telephone toll charges incurred in providing maintenance and support hereunder.   
11. Exclusions. The obligation of HSS or the Preferred Provider  to provide Equipment Maintenance hereunder will not apply to any Non-
maintained Equipment nor to any errors, defects or problems caused in whole or in part by (i) any modifications or enhancements made 
to any Proprietary Software or Certified Third Party Software by Customer or any third person or entity other than HSS or its designee; 
(ii) any software program, hardware, cables, cords, firmware, peripheral or communication device used in connection with the Information 
System which was not approved in advance in writing by HSS; (iii) the failure of Customer to follow the most current instructions 
promulgated by HSS or any third party vendor from time to time with respect to the proper access to or any use of the Information System; 
(iv) the failure of Customer to schedule regular preventive maintenance in accordance with standard HSS procedures; (v) any such 
Authorized Equipment that is non-repairable, taken out of service or for which any such Authorized Equipment or parts for same are no 
longer manufactured or reasonably available; (vi) forces or supplies external to such Authorized Equipment, including, without limitation, 
the reasons set forth in the Force Majeure section of the HITS Agreement; and/or (vi) the negligence of Customer or any other third 
person or entity.  Any corrections performed by HSS for any such errors, difficulties, or defects will be fixed, in HSS’s or Preferred Provider 
’s discretion, at the then applicable current time and material charges.  Neither HSS nor the Preferred Provider will be under any obligation, 
however, to fix any such Customer or externally caused errors, defects or problems. 
