 
 
50 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
cost of this system is currently between $34,850 and $41,650, and the cost of the electrical fixtures 
is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures. The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor 
before opening. You must also have maintenance and support from us or an approved vendor, 
which is paid to us and currently costs between $630 and $945 per month ($7,560 to $11,340 per 
year). These costs are normally not refundable.  
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve. The set-up costs of this system are between $900 to 
$41,000. Additional set-up costs may apply, depending on implementation approach you choose 
and the specific needs of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly. You 
must also pay annual license fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year, which 
includes a 10% mark-up. You will pay the license fees and maintenance costs to HSS, which are 
then passed-through to the vendor. We keep the mark-up as reimbursement for our costs in 
developing and maintaining Delphi.fdc for our Network Hotels. Depending on your Hotel’s 
technology configuration, you may be required to utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution 
platform, which integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is 
also powered by Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead 
distribution platform, although you may be required to sign a separate license agreement with 
Amadeus Hospitality to use it. We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for 
either of these systems. You must maintain and update them at your cost to remain in compliance 
with the Standards. There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation. We will have 
independent access to your Hotel’s event sales information stored in these systems (including 
accounts, inventory, bookings and other data). There are no contractual limitations on our right to 
access this information.  
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $2,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening, and is not 
refundable. 
Digital Key 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key.  There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health club memberships (if 
applicable), you are able to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and 
software, subject to meeting our Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction 
