 
 
17 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
approve your Application, but the Change of Ownership does not occur, we will refund your 
Franchise Application Fee, without interest and less a $7,500 processing fee. We have 
occasionally agreed to give full or partial refunds under unique circumstances, or to credit the 
non-refundable Franchise Application Fee toward the Franchise Application Fee of another 
application for the Brand if submitted and approved within 6 months or less but we are not 
obligated to do so. If you increase the proposed number of rooms/suites after your Franchise 
Application is approved and before the opening of your Hotel under the Brand, you must obtain 
our approval and pay any additional Franchise Application Fee owed as if those additional 
rooms/suites were part of your original Franchise Application.  
 
While the Franchise Application Fee is usually applied uniformly, we may elect to reduce it after 
considering criteria which may include: incentives for the development of hotels within the System, 
a hotel's market position, the property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a 
franchisee.  In limited and unique circumstances, we may waive part of the Franchise Application 
Fee or negotiate the Franchise Application Fee for franchisees with whom we have previously 
dealt but we are not obligated to do so, even for franchisees possessing these characteristics.  In 
2024, franchisees paid Franchise Application Fees ranging from $0 to $150,000 for Change of 
Ownership. 
 
In addition to the Franchise Application Fee, if you are applying for a franchise for a hotel that was 
previously operated as a System Hotel, we may require, as a condition of approving your 
Application, that you pay outstanding royalties and other fees due under the prior franchise 
agreement relating to the System Hotel.  
 
2. 
For a New Development, you must start construction within 16 months after the date we 
approve your Application. For a Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room 
addition project, you must start the renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. For all projects (including 
New Development, Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project), 
you must complete the construction or renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an 
extension of any start date or completion date for your project, you must submit a written request 
before that date occurs. If we approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will 
set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
 
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 
days’ notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request 
any further extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we 
approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and 
completion dates accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, 
Change of Ownership, or room addition projects. 
 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  You 
must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of 
them, as described below.    
