 
 
46 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
the Standards, which include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and 
policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you 
in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, and 
for hotel advertising and accounting, whether in the Manual or the Franchise Agreement 
or other written communication (Franchise Agreement, Sections 1.0 and 4.5). The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you in the Manual or other written communication. You may, in your 
sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or procedures 
might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site. The current table of contents of the Manual is 
attached as Exhibit H. 
 
(2) 
Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
 
(3) 
Plans and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the PIP. Before we approve 
your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must certify to us that the Plans 
comply with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities. You shall not 
commence any Renovation Work unless and until we have issued our written consent in 
respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Once 
we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may be made to the 
Plans or Designs without our prior written consent. By consenting to the Plans and Designs 
or any changes or modifications to the Plans and Designs, we do not warrant the depth of 
our analysis or assume any responsibility or liability for the suitability of the Plans and 
Designs or the resulting Renovation Work. On completion of the Renovation Work and, 
as a condition to our authorization to open the Hotel under the Brand, your architect, 
general contractor or other certified professional must provide us with a certificate stating 
that the as-built premises comply with all laws relating to accessibility for those with 
disabilities. Consenting to the opening of the Hotel is within our sole business discretion 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3, 6.1.4 and 6.1.5). 
(4) 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class, luxury hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do not 
approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional hotel 
management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least the first year of 
operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this requirement. 
(5) 
We will provide you with the applicable HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by 
HSS) before you open your Hotel. The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use 
the Reservation Service which is an integral part of the System we license to you (see 
Computer Requirements below.) 
(6) 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
