•
Franchise termination fees are charged in connection with the termination of a franchise contract by the hotel owner. 
We generally recognize termination fees in the period in which the payment is received as there usually is no further 
service to be provided and due to the uncertainty of collection associated with the termination of the relationship with 
the hotel owner.
Accounts Receivable and Financing Receivables
Our accounts receivable primarily consist of amounts due from the hotel owners with whom we have franchise contracts. 
Our financing receivables consist of loans made to certain owners of franchised hotels. An allowance for credit losses is 
provided on both accounts receivable and financing receivables. Our expected credit losses are based on historical collection 
activity, the nature of the financial instrument and current and forecasted business conditions.
Franchise Contracts 
We capitalize consideration paid to incentivize hotel owners to enter into franchise contracts with us as contract acquisition 
costs and, together with other incremental costs to obtain franchise contracts, both of which are generally fixed, as franchise 
contracts, net in our balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded franchise contract intangible assets 
related to the acquisition of the Graduate brand  (refer to Note 3: "Acquisition" for additional information). Franchise contracts 
are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives, which is the contract term, generally 
including any extension periods that are at our sole option, and are generally 10 to 20 years. Amortization begins on the 
opening date of the hotel to which the franchise contract relates or the contract execution date, whichever is later. Amortization 
of franchise contract acquisition costs is recognized as a reduction to franchise royalty fees and amortization of costs to obtain 
franchise contracts is recognized as amortization expense in our statement of comprehensive income and member's equity. Cash 
flows for both contract acquisition costs and costs to obtain a contract are included as operating activities in our statement of 
cash flows. Cash flows for acquired franchise contracts are included as investing activities in our statement of cash flows. We 
evaluate the carrying value of our franchise contracts for indicators of impairment, and, if such indicators exist, we perform an 
analysis to determine the recoverability of the carrying value of the asset group by comparing the expected undiscounted future 
cash flows to the net carrying value of the asset group. If the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable and it exceeds 
the estimated fair value of the asset group, we recognize an impairment loss in our statement of comprehensive income and 
member's equity for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. We allocate the impairment loss 
related to the asset group among the various assets within the asset group pro rata based on the relative carrying values of the 
respective assets.
Franchise Deposits 
Franchise deposits represent application, initiation and other fees that are collected at the time a hotel owner applies for a 
franchise license. These amounts are recorded as a current liability until the fees become non-refundable, at which time they are 
reclassified to deferred revenues. In certain cases, if the franchise application is not approved, the fee is recorded as an other 
current liability in our balance sheet until it is refunded to the applicant, less processing fees, if applicable. 
Contract Liabilities
Contract liabilities relate to non-refundable advance consideration received from hotel owners for application, initiation 
and other fees reclassified from franchise deposits. This consideration received from hotel owners is recognized over the term 
of the related contract. Our contract liabilities are presented as deferred revenues in our balance sheet.
Fair Value Measurements - Valuation Hierarchy
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants on the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). We use the three-level valuation hierarchy 
for classification of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation 
of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in 
pricing an asset or liability. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions 
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent 
sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the data market participants would use in 
7
