Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 3 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
bankruptcy or debtor in possession of the Hotel; or (iii) the Additional Period expires without other 
arrangements, satisfactory to Franchisor in its sole discretion, having been entered into between 
Franchisor and Lender. 
 
(d) 
Expiration of Franchise Agreement.  Nothing in this letter agreement will extend 
the Franchise Agreement beyond its stated expiration date.   
 
(e) 
Receiver Appointment.  If a receiver is appointed to operate the Hotel at the 
request of Lender, Franchisor may require the receiver to enter into Franchisor’s then-current form of 
receiver agreement, with such modifications as mutually agreed between Franchisor, Lender and 
receiver, or other documentation that Franchisor considers reasonably necessary. 
 
2. 
Acquisition and Assumption.  
 
(a) 
[DELETE THIS SUBPARAGRAPH 2(a) IF THE HOTEL IS HILTON-MANAGED 
WITH A FRANCHISE OR FOR PORTFOLIO LOANS IF THE NUMBER OF HOTELS OPERATING 
UNDER THE SAME BRAND EXCEEDS THE THRESHOLD] Lender’s Election to Waive Assumption of 
Franchise Agreement.  Lender may give written notice (a “Waiver Notice”) to Franchisor of Lender’s 
election to waive Lender’s right to assume the Franchise Agreement at any time (i) during Lender’s Cure 
Period, or the Additional Period, as the Additional Period may be extended in accordance with 
Subparagraph 1(b) of this letter agreement, or (ii) within twenty (20) calendar days after the completion of 
the Acquisition. If given, the Waiver Notice will be effective twenty (20) calendar days after Franchisor’s 
receipt of the Waiver Notice, and Franchisor may rely on the Waiver Notice to exercise its remedies 
against Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement, including termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
Lender shall not be liable for any termination fees or liquidated damages arising from the early 
termination of the Franchise Agreement; provided, however, if Lender or its designee is or comes into 
possession of the Hotel before the Waiver Notice is effective, then Lender shall be responsible for post-
termination de-identification obligations at the Hotel, and for payment of any fees owed to Franchisor 
pursuant to the Franchise Agreement that accrued while Lender was in possession of the Hotel before 
the Waiver Notice is effective, but excluding termination fees or liquidated damages. 
 
(b) 
Acquisition and Franchise Agreement Assumption. [DELETE FIRST SENTENCE 
ONLY IF ¶ 2(a) IS DELETED: If Lender does not deliver the Waiver Notice to Franchisor under 
Subparagraph 2(a), the Franchise Agreement will continue in full force and effect. ] If Lender acquires 
possession and/or ownership of the Hotel as the result of an Acquisition, Lender will be deemed to have 
assumed the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Acquisition. Lender will be obligated to perform 
all of the obligations of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement existing at or accruing after the 
Acquisition date, including the payment of fees owed to Franchisor (“Assumption”). Any conditions in the 
transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement that Franchisor deems relevant shall apply with respect to 
the Assumption, including but not limited to the obligation for Lender to submit its ownership structure, 
organizational documents and evidence of insurance.  Lender must, within ten (10) business days after 
receipt of a request from Franchisor, provide to Franchisor all information necessary for Franchisor to 
determine that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person (as defined below), as well as the other information 
reasonably requested. If Franchisor confirms that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person, Franchisor will 
promptly prepare Franchisor’s then-current form assumption agreement (“Assumption Agreement”) to 
document the Assumption, and deliver the Assumption Agreement to Lender. Lender must execute and 
return the Assumption Agreement to Franchisor within ten (10) business days after receipt from 
Franchisor. Lender’s failure to timely execute and deliver the Assumption Agreement may be deemed a 
default under the Franchise Agreement entitling Franchisor to terminate the Franchise Agreement. Any 
renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the Assumption will not exceed those 
which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement. In lieu of any transfer or application fee for the Assumption, Lender agrees to pay Franchisor 
