 
 
36 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
11. 
We will provide the required training programs required under the terms set forth described 
in Items 5 and 11 of this Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training 
materials, and travel and living expenses while training. We may charge additional training costs 
based on the number of personnel that require training.  
12. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the hotel, we may require you to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with the ADA.  
13. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work 
must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a 
further extension of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense. This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name as 
additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and notice 
requirements we specify in the Manual. Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of location, 
size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
17. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting an existing hotel. 
18. 
“Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses. Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. You should assume it 
will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs. These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.  
20. 
You must install a luxury spa in your LXR Hotel.  You may need to engage a third party 
for the build-out and design, planning and concept development, business model creation, IT, 
construction and technical services, equipment selection and procurement, operational 
guidelines, menu development and sales and marketing services related to the spa and will incur 
costs for constructing, equipping and operating a spa.  If you wish to utilize a third-party spa brand 
that is not an LXR-branded spa, we must approve it in writing.   
21. 
This includes the pre-opening services fee described in Item 5 with the estimated cost of 
a Hotel Identity and Positioning Consultant and the Forbes Travel Guide Program described in 
Item 8. 
