 
 
58 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
 
We may occasionally create marketing programs for specific promotional purposes that include 
only certain hotels. These programs may focus on a geographic location, particular types of 
hotels, or other criteria. For example, we may develop a marketing campaign that promotes hotels 
in a specific tourist destination. For these programs, we decide which hotels to include and the 
nature and method of the marketing under our general marketing policies and practices for 
System Hotels. If your Hotel is selected for such a program, your participation may be required 
but there would be no fee for participating. As described in Item 8, we may also occasionally 
develop promotional programs with other companies that feature those companies’ branded 
products or services used or offered by our System Hotels. We may require or permit your Hotel 
to participate in those promotional programs in accordance with the Standards.  
 
We may also occasionally provide marketing programs in which your participation is voluntary. 
Participating hotels normally bear their proportionate costs of participation. We have periodically 
matched or supplemented the amounts paid by participating franchisees, when, in our opinion, 
the marketing effort supports our broader (national or global) marketing objectives for the System 
or Network.  
 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses. We currently have 
Strategic Partnerships in place with Small Luxury Hotels of the World LTD (SLH), Prospect Hotel 
Management, LLC (Autocamp.com), LWP Cypress PM LLC (Evermore Resort), and Field Station. 
We may enter into additional Strategic Partnerships in the future. See Item 12 for details.  
 
You are not required to participate in any marketing cooperative.  We may occasionally develop 
local marketing programs that operate like cooperatives in that they may consist of a group of 
franchisees that pool their resources and actively work together on local marketing efforts.  
However, these cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing 
documents. These cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements.  We 
may help form this type of cooperative whenever a group of franchisees wish to get together. 
Participation is voluntary. The contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary 
contributions of members. These cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by 
an advertising agency. If we participate in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, 
dissolved, or merged with another cooperative.  We cannot guarantee that we will offer any 
cooperative marketing programs to franchisees in the future. Any plan that we offer in the future 
may differ from the plans we offered to franchisees in past years. 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or 
the Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand directories and internet sites; 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality 
assurance programs; certain technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead 
related to the administration or direction of these projects and programs. We have the sole right 
to determine how and when we spend these funds, including sole control over the creative 
concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement and allocation of advertising 
and the selection of promotional programs. We may enter into arrangements for development, 
marketing, operations, administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, 
services and/or personnel with any other entity, including any affiliates.  Monthly Program Fees 
are intended for the benefit of the System and the Network, and will not be used to promote or 
