 
 
67 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
not including any such information obtained in connection with guest reservations or any loyalty 
or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates), at any time during or after the Term 
to the extent lawful and, but only in connection with operating your Hotel.  
You must abide by all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal 
information, including, without limitation, local, regional and national requirements applicable to 
your Hotel (“Privacy Laws”). In addition, you must comply with our standards and policies 
pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information, customer relationships and Privacy 
Laws. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must provide qualified and experienced management for the operation of your Hotel.  To 
fulfill this responsibility, your Hotel must be operated either by you or a third-party management 
company (“Management Company”) that we have approved. No other person or entity may 
operate the Hotel.   
We will only grant approval when we consider you or your proposed Management Company to 
be qualified to manage the Hotel.  We may refuse to approve you or any proposed Management 
Company that, in our reasonable business judgment, is inexperienced or unqualified in 
managerial skills or operating capacity or capability, or is unable to adhere fully to the obligations 
and requirements of the Franchise Agreement.  
If you wish to manage your Hotel directly, you must have our prior written approval and 
successfully complete our training program, unless we waive this requirement.  If we determine 
that you are not qualified to operate the Hotel, at any time, we may require you to retain a 
Management Company that is acceptable to us to manage the Hotel.  
If you wish to hire or are required to hire a Management Company to manage your Hotel, you 
must obtain our prior written approval.  Your Management Company must have the authority to 
perform all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including all indemnity and 
insurance obligations. After we approve the Management Company, we can require the general 
manager and other personnel, such as the director of sales, to attend training programs that 
pertain to the operational functions of the Hotel related to those roles as are necessary to meet 
our Brand Standards. If your Management Company resigns or is terminated by you, or otherwise 
becomes unsuitable or unqualified to operate the Hotel as determined by us, in our sole judgment, 
you must retain a new Management Company that is acceptable to us within 90 days.    
You are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel at all times, regardless 
of whether you are an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.  
Your engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement.  We may communicate directly with your managers and Management 
Company, and we have the right to rely on their communications to us as being on made your 
behalf.   
We will not require you or your Management Company to sign an agreement not to compete with 
us after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires. However, you may not engage, directly 
or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel with any other hotel, motel 
or related business without our prior written consent, except for System Hotels or Network Hotels. 
