 
 
16 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
and any other attendees. See Item 11 
for details.   
Miscellaneous Services and Programs 
Opening Process 
Services Fee 
$20,000  
Before 
opening. 
This fee is to help recoup our costs in 
providing certain pre-opening services 
to help you open your Hotel, such as 
guidance with commercial planning, 
activation of appropriate programs, 
and tools and resources available to 
Brand hotels. 
Procurement and 
Services Fees 
Currently, 4% to 
10% of project cost. 
As agreed. 
Payable if we or our affiliates furnish, 
supply, service or equip your Hotel at 
your request. These fees are in 
addition to the cost of the products 
acquired for you, plus freight, sales tax 
and other actual costs incurred. You 
may, but are not obligated to, 
purchase specified items from HSM. 
See Note 4.  
Miscellaneous Services 
As agreed. 
As agreed. 
We or our affiliates may periodically 
offer you additional services. These 
could include additional training for 
you and your employees, assistance 
in recruiting various types of 
employees, and other services and 
programs. Most of these services and 
programs will be optional, but some, 
including systems upgrades and 
changes in System standards, which 
may require additional mandatory 
training or participation in additional 
programs, may be mandatory. 
NOTES 
1. 
All prospective franchisees must complete an Application to operate a System Hotel, 
whether for New Development, Conversion, Change of Ownership, or a Re-licensing situation. 
The current form Application is attached as Exhibit F. When you submit the Application to us for 
processing, you must pay an initial fee (“Franchise Application Fee”).  Once we approve your 
Application, the Franchise Application Fee is non-refundable except as described in this Item 5. 
You must provide all the information we ask for in your Application. If we approve your Application 
before you supply all of the information, our approval will be conditioned on receiving the rest of 
the information within the time we specify. If you fail to provide the rest of the information within 
the specified time, we may terminate our offer. If we approve your Application subject to certain 
requirements, we may terminate our offer if you fail to meet those requirements. If we terminate 
our offer, we will not refund the Franchise Application Fee. If you withdraw your Application before 
we approve it, or if we deny your Application, we will refund the Franchise Application Fee, without 
interest, less a $7,500 processing fee, which may be waived or reduced at our discretion. If we 
approve your Application subject to certain requirements, we may terminate our offer if you fail to 
meet those requirements. However, if your Application is for a Change of Ownership and we 
