 
 
54 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
8. 
Hilton Core Sales Skills. All designated commercial leaders and sales staff must 
successfully complete this certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program 
teaches Hilton’s sales process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must 
complete the applicable track to complete the certification: The “Foundations” track is for 
attendees with less than 2 years of experience.  It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. 
The “Accelerated” track is for attendees with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2-
week blended learning program. Currently, the cost is up to $600 per attendee. 
 
9. 
ADA Training.  If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change 
of Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an 
online training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to 
determine the Hotel’s compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
 
10. 
Annual Compliance Training. Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training 
requirements.  Topics may include diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, harassment 
prevention, human trafficking prevention, disability awareness, cyber security, and health and 
safety. For cyber security, disability awareness, human trafficking prevention, diversity and 
inclusion, and unconscious bias, we offer training at no cost. Alternatively, you may choose to 
obtain this training from a vendor of your choice, in which case the cost would be agreed between 
you and the vendor. For the compliance topics of harassment prevention and health and safety, 
we do not offer training, but will provide vendor recommendations upon request. We estimate 
vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 per person, per topic, for this training. 
 
11. 
Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand 
hospitality tools and resources including intro webinars and team member workshops. The current 
cost is $4,000. 
 
12. 
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management 
company representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the 
opening of your Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager 
must attend. If a Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
13. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select.  Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training.  
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
 
14. 
Forbes Travel Guide (FTG) Program Training. Your general manager and department 
heads or equivalent must complete this 2-day in person training course annually. It is conducted 
by the Five Star Travel Corporation under the Forbes Travel Guide (FTG) Program described in 
Item 8.  Currently, the cost for this training is $6,000 per day, for a total cost of $12,000 per year 
(not per person) plus the expenses of your attendees. This cost does not include any audit or 
assessment-related fees. 
