 
 
47 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
 (7) 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials. You must also pay for travel, lodging and other expenses associated with 
training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change.  The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel. 
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software. You must use authorized hardware and the required software for 
the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred providers, 
or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party vendors. If you acquire the hardware 
from another (non-preferred) third-party vendor, you must also pay HSS for its reasonable 
expenses in determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay for all necessary 
communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic mail, and Internet 
connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. You are 
required to license the OnQ software from our affiliate, HSS.  HSS is the only supplier of the OnQ 
software because of its proprietary nature. We are not able to determine a separate market price 
because there is no third-party market for this product. You must pay for the reasonable travel 
and other expenses of HSS employees and vendors who install and maintain the software.  If you 
purchase the standard hardware and software from HSS, it will cost between $133,350 and 
$303,450. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is 
based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable.   
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS 
Agreement) and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and 
use of the OnQ system. The current HITS Agreement is attached as Exhibit G. You must also 
purchase certain software licenses such as Windows Server operating systems and related client 
access licenses, database applications, and virus detection and removal tools. Where applicable, 
these licenses must be purchased through existing enterprise agreements HSS has in place with 
vendors such as Microsoft. HSS will invoice the Hotel for such purchases. You may purchase 
other software not covered by enterprise agreements from other third-party suppliers. Costs of 
these licenses may vary based on the number of users or computers at your Hotel and other 
factors. 
