 
 
65 
2025 US LXR 
 
 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.  
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel. You may not adopt any 
other brands in operating your Hotel that we do not approve. You also may not use any of the 
Marks, or the word “LXR” or “Hilton,” or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your corporate, 
partnership, business or trade name; (b) any Internet-related name (including a domain name); 
or (c) any business operated separate from your Hotel, including the name or identity of 
developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel, without our prior written consent or as 
provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Manual.. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will be 
an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the Franchise Agreement. You may not, 
and must ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any Competitor to use Your Marks without our 
prior written approval. 
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license 
the use of these Marks in any material manner. There are no infringements actually known to us 
that could materially affect your use of the Marks. There are no effective determinations of the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There 
is no pending material litigation or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings 
in the United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits 
and renewals have been filed.  
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
Our license from HIH includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating to the LXR 
brand in the US. You may use this intellectual property only in connection with the System and 
only in the manner we designate, as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. The 
Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other intellectual property owned by 
any of our affiliates. 
 
Neither we nor HIH own any rights in or licenses to any patents or registered copyrights nor have 
any pending patent applications material to our franchise business. The proprietary information 
of HIH, which has been licensed to us, consists of the Manual and all other information or 
materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, specifications, procedures, information, 
systems and knowledge of and experience in the development, operation, marketing and 
licensing of the System (“Proprietary Information”). You must treat the Proprietary Information as 
confidential. You must adopt and implement all reasonable procedures we may periodically 
establish to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary Information, including 
restrictions on disclosure to your employees and the use of non-disclosure and non-competition 
clauses in agreements with your employees, agents and independent contractors who have 
access to the Proprietary Information. 
  
The Standards, as compiled in the Manual or set out in the Franchise Agreement or otherwise, 
set forth our requirements and recommended practices and procedures regarding the 
specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies for design, construction, renovation, 
refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, 
