 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE DATE 
in writing immediately on it actual or constructive knowledge, the occurrence of any event which would 
render the foregoing representations and warranties of this Subsection incorrect.   
 
(e) 
Each Guarantor warrants and represents to Franchisor that Guarantor has the 
requisite power to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provision of this Guaranty, and that this 
Guaranty is a valid, binding and legally enforceable obligation of each Guarantor in accordance with its 
terms. 
 
(f) 
If there is more than one Guarantor named in this Guaranty, any reference to 
Guarantor will mean any one or all Guarantors.  Each Guarantor agrees that all obligations of each 
Guarantor are joint and several.   
 
[INSERT NEW PARAGRAPH (g) FOR TIC AND UPDATE LETTERING BELOW: (g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 12.0 of the Franchise Agreement, 
Guarantor may not transfer its tenant-in-common interest in the Property without prior written notice by 
Franchisee to Franchisor, and prior written consent of Franchisor to Franchisee, subject to and in 
accordance with the applicable Transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement.] 
 
(g) 
No failure or delay on Franchisor’s part in exercising any power or privilege under 
this Guaranty will impair any such power, right or privilege or be construed as a waiver of its rights under 
this Guaranty.  
 
(h) 
If any provision of this Guaranty is determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be unenforceable, all of the other provisions will remain effective.   
 
(i) 
This Guaranty embodies the entire agreement between Franchisor and 
Guarantor with respect to the matters set forth in this Guaranty and supersedes all prior agreements with 
respect to the matters set forth in this Guaranty.   
 
6. 
Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ¶ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Guaranty and any and all disputes 
relating to this Guaranty will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New 
York choice of law or conflicts of law principles; provided, however, that nothing in this Section is intended 
to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant,” unfair 
competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of New York or any other state that would 
not otherwise apply absent this Section [5 or 6].   
 
7. 
Jurisdiction and Venue.  The parties agree that any action related to this Guaranty shall 
be brought in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia or, if that 
court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then in a court of competent jurisdiction whose jurisdiction includes 
either Fairfax County, Virginia or New York, New York, or in the county or state where the Hotel is 
located.  Guarantor consents to personal jurisdiction and venue in each of these jurisdictions and waives 
and agrees not to assert, move or otherwise claim that the venue in any of these jurisdictions is for any 
reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.   
 
8. 
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS GUARANTY.   
 
[INSERT THIS CLAUSE FOR EACH SITE-RELATED GUARANTY (TIC OR OTHERWISE):] 
 
9. 
[Possible Termination of Guaranty.  Franchisor will offer Guarantor its then-current 
standard form termination of guaranty agreement releasing Guarantor from future Obligations under this 
Guaranty if the following conditions are met:  (a) Franchisor receives a copy of the deed evidencing that 
Franchisee owns fee simple title to the real property on which the Hotel is or will be sited or a copy of a 
ground lease to which Franchisee is a party with an unrelated third-party ground lessor for a term at least 
equal to the term of the Franchise Agreement; (b) Guarantor sends a written request to Franchisor to 
