46 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
(6)
Provide you access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that 
we periodically specify during the Franchise Agreement’s term.  (Section 3.3 of Franchise 
Agreement)   
(7)
Conduct periodic inspections of the Hotel and otherwise maintain the 
Quality Assurance and Compliance Program for the Brand Hotel franchise network.  
(Section 4.8 of the Franchise Agreement)   
(8)
Provide hosting and subscription services for the Hotel’s PMS when you 
sign the Subscription and Hosting Services Agreement.  (Section 1 of Subscription and 
Hosting Services Agreement)  
(9)
Continue to provide revenue management services if we choose to offer and 
either you chose to acquire them or we determine that you must acquire them.  (Revenue 
Management Services Program Schedule)  
(10)
Continue to provide field marketing program services for the Hotel if we 
choose to offer and you choose to acquire them.  (Field Marketing Program Schedule) 
(11)
Provide central sales services, add-on global property guest services, or 
digital ancillary services if we choose to offer and you choose to acquire them.  (Central 
Sales Services Program Schedule, GPGS Program Schedule, and Digital Ancillary 
Services Program Schedule).  
Advertising and Marketing 
Except for the System Services, which we describe in Item 6, there are no advertising funds 
or local or regional advertising cooperatives to which you must contribute.  However, promoting 
Brand Hotels as a single chain in the United States is an important part of the Hotel System, so 
you must participate in and use, in the manner we specify, all advertising, marketing and 
promotional activities, materials and programs that we periodically require for similarly-situated 
Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations).  (Section 5.2 of Franchise Agreement)  The 
Hyatt Group prepares advertising, marketing and promotional programs as part of System 
Services.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement)  These programs may cover any media (including 
print, radio, television and electronic) and their scope may be local, regional, national or 
international or focus on a subset of hotels (like resort hotels or convention hotels).  The Hyatt 
Group’s corporate personnel and advertising agencies develop these programs.  We will not use 
funds that franchisees pay for System Services principally to solicit new franchise sales.  We will 
not prepare any periodic accounting of how we and our affiliates spend these funds.  The Hyatt 
Group need not spend any amount on advertising, marketing or promotional programs in the area 
where the Hotel is located.  There currently are no franchisee advertising councils that advise us 
on advertising and marketing policies.  However, we may form, change, and dissolve these 
councils. 
