A-7 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“Hyatt” or another brand owned by any of Hyatt’s Affiliates, regardless of whether those brands 
utilize the “Hyatt” mark in their names. 
“Include” and “including,” whenever used in this Agreement, whether capitalized or not, 
will mean “including, by way of example, but without limitation.” 
“Innovations” means all inventions, innovations and discoveries relating to a Brand Hotel 
and based or relying upon any element of the Hotel System, including any advertising, marketing, 
promotional or public relations plans, programs or materials that Franchisee or its contractors 
develop for the Hotel, whether or not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or 
for Franchisee, its Affiliates or contractors, or its or their employees. 
“IT Project Management Services” means the services described in Exhibit E to this 
Agreement. 
“Lender” means each financial institution or other party (including an Affiliate of 
Franchisee), if any, that provided or provides any financing for Franchisee’s acquisition, 
development, and/or operation of the Hotel, including any mortgagee or trustee under any deed of 
trust and any mezzanine lender or other party that takes a pledge of Franchisee’s or any Controlling 
Owner’s ownership interests as security for the repayment of any such financing. 
“Limited Interest Owner” means any Non-Controlling Owner who is not a Guarantor and 
who owns (directly or indirectly) ten percent (10%) or less of the ownership interests in Franchisee. 
“Losses” means any and all losses, expenses, obligations, diminutions in value, liabilities, 
damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and reasonable defense costs that an indemnified 
party incurs.  For purposes of this definition, defense costs include accountants’, arbitrators’, 
attorneys’, and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and 
living expenses, and other expenses of litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution, 
regardless of whether litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution is commenced.   
“Management Arrangement” means any lease, management agreement, or other similar 
arrangement with any entity for the management or other oversight of all or a part of the Hotel’s 
operation. 
“Management Company” means any entity (including any Affiliate of Franchisee) that 
Hyatt approves as the Hotel’s manager pursuant to a Management Arrangement. 
“Mandatory Services” means those mandatory System Services that one or more 
members of the Hyatt Group provides to the Hotel and certain other Brand Hotels and other Hyatt 
Network Hotels that the Hyatt Group reasonably determines must acquire those Mandatory 
Services only from the Hyatt Group, including, but not limited to, any marketing, reservation 
service, rate and room inventory management, advertising, guest frequency and loyalty, discount 
or promotional programs required pursuant to Section 4.3 or the System Standards. 
“Market Descriptor” means any geographic or market descriptor that Hyatt periodically 
approves for Franchisee’s use to identify the Hotel along with the Proprietary Marks. 
