50 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
of premiums we request; (6) you have given us certifications concerning the Hotel’s construction; 
and (7) we have conducted a pre-opening inspection and approved the Hotel for opening under the 
Proprietary Marks.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel under the Proprietary Marks 
within 10 days after receiving our authorization, which we will not unreasonably withhold or 
delay.  We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not meet these deadlines.  Our 
determination that you have met all of our pre-opening requirements is not a representation or 
warranty, express or implied, that the Hotel complies with any laws or is safe for occupancy, nor 
will such determination act as a waiver of your non-compliance, or our right to demand full 
compliance, with our pre-opening requirements or any other provision of the Franchise 
Agreement.  You must indemnify us for costs and expenses we incur because of your failure to 
open on time, including amounts we pay to customers whose reservations are canceled.  (Sections 
2.1 to 2.6 of Franchise Agreement)   
You must and must cause your lessees and your affiliates and their respective lessees to: 
(a) develop, maintain and operate all Non-Hotel Components within the Mixed-Use Site (as 
defined in Item 16) in accordance with quality, design and operational standards consistent with 
the quality, design and operational standards applicable to the Hotel, (b) refrain from advertising, 
marketing or promoting the Non-Hotel Components as being associated with or part of the Hotel, 
the “Hyatt Place” brand or any other Proprietary Marks, except in connection with the Hotel, 
advertisement and promotion approved pursuant to Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement; and (c) 
operate the Non-Hotel Components in a way that, in our reasonable judgment, does not damage or 
reflect adversely on the goodwill associated with any Proprietary Mark. 
Training 
Our current required initial training program has 8 parts: the Owner Briefing, the operator 
approval and onboarding program (“Franchise Manager University” or “FMU”), the 
owner/operator orientation program, the General Manager University (“GMU”), the operations 
training program, the sales/catering/revenue training program, the training programs for other 
Hotel personnel, and the Pre-Opening Brand Training.  Except for any optional courses that we 
choose to provide, all initial training is mandatory.  Our Franchise People & Learning Department 
administers and directs all of our initial training in coordination with our corporate operations 
team.  Julie Suh, Associate Vice President, People & Learning, leads the Franchise People & 
Learning Department.  Julie joined us and our affiliates in 2022.  She has over 20 years of 
experience in the hotel/hospitality industry.  We also have a staff of training professionals who 
conduct various training programs.  These staff members typically have at least 15 years of 
experience in hotel and/or learning and development roles and at least 5 years of experience with 
us or our affiliates.  The System Standards, videos, charts, pamphlets, and other training aids serve 
as the instructional materials for the training programs.  You must pay us the fees and expenses 
described in Item 5 and Item 6 and you are responsible for all travel and living expenses (including 
travel, lodging, food and beverage, and miscellaneous charges) for your personnel. 
