A-9 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“Owner” means any person or entity holding a direct or indirect ownership interest 
(whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights in Franchisee, including any person 
or entity who has a direct or indirect interest in Franchisee, this Agreement, the franchise, or the 
Hotel and any person or entity who has any other legal or equitable interest, or the power to vest 
in themselves any legal or equitable interest, in their revenue, profits, rights, or assets or any capital 
appreciation relating thereto.   
“Participating Hotels” means, with respect to any System Services, those other Brand 
Hotels and Hyatt Network Hotels that Hyatt reasonably determines from time to time are similarly 
situated with the Hotel (subject to Reasonable Deviations) and that participate in such System 
Services in the same manner. 
“Person” or “persons” as the context requires, means an individual (and the heirs, 
executors, administrators, or other legal representatives of an individual), a partnership, a joint 
venture, a firm, a company, a corporation, a government or any department or agency thereof, a 
trustee, a trust, an unincorporated organization, or any other legal entity of whatever kind or nature.  
“PIP” means Property Improvement Plan. 
“Pre-Opening Sales Office” means a temporary or permanent sales office at the Site to 
solicit and accept reservations before the Opening Date for stays after the Opening Date. 
“Privacy Laws” means any international, national, state, local or other law, code, rule or 
regulation that regulates the collection, processing, storage, transmission or use of Guest 
Information or other personally-identifiable information in any way, including data protection 
laws, laws regulating marketing or electronic communications, and information security 
regulations. 
“Proceeding” means any claim asserted or inquiry made (whether formally or informally), 
and any legal action, investigation or other proceeding (including any arbitration proceeding) 
brought, by any governmental agency or other person or entity. 
“Proprietary Marks” means the trade names, trademarks, and service marks, Brand, and 
such other trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, trade dress, domain names, and 
other designations of source and origin (including all derivatives of the foregoing) that Hyatt or its 
Affiliate periodically develops and Hyatt periodically designates for use in connection with the 
Hotel System. 
“Providers” means providers of products or services for the Hotel, including the then 
current CRS operator (if applicable), then current GDS and ADS operators (if applicable), and 
other suppliers to the Hotel, which may include Hyatt and/or its Affiliates. 
“Public Owner” means any holder of five percent (5%) or less of any class of securities 
of a Non-Controlling Owner which are publicly traded on any securities exchange or quoted in 
any publication or electronic reporting service maintained by the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc. or any of its successors. 
