33 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
9. 
Miscellaneous pre-opening costs.  This item includes costs for office and other 
supplies, wages for Hotel management and employees before opening and other miscellaneous 
pre-paid opening expenses, as well as estimated amounts you may pay to us or our affiliates for 
optional training or consulting services.  
10. 
Additional funds – 3 months.  This item estimates your initial start-up expenses 
(other than the items identified separately in the table).  These expenses include payroll costs for 
the Hotel’s personnel but not any management fees or similar draw.  These figures are estimates, 
and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business.  Your 
costs depend on how closely you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience, and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for the Hotel’s 
services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period. 
11. 
Total estimated initial investment (excluding real estate costs).  The estimated 
amounts presented in the table above are to construct a new, full-size Brand Hotel with 90 to 200 
guest rooms, according to the Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  We relied 
on our affiliates’ experience in developing and operating hotels since 1957 to compile the estimate 
for additional funds and other figures.  You should review these figures carefully with a business 
advisor before deciding to acquire the franchise.  Except as described in Item 10, we do not offer 
financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  The availability and terms of 
financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your 
creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which you 
request a loan.  The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service 
obligations.  Except for a portion of the application fee that we will refund if we do not approve 
the application, no amounts in the chart are refundable. 
Brand Hotels typically are in primary markets in urban, densely-populated locations.  They 
will typically occupy property of 1 to 3 acres, but the amount of land the Hotel requires will vary 
greatly depending upon local building codes, setback requirements, parking requirements and 
similar factors.  Leasing or purchase costs vary widely and depend on geographic location, size, 
visibility, local rental rates, other businesses in the area, other local economic conditions, the site’s 
market potential, the type of ownership or leasehold interest and other factors.  Because of these 
factors, this table does not estimate the costs for the Hotel’s rent or security deposit, or the purchase 
price for the building or land on which the Hotel is located (if you decide to buy, rather than lease, 
the land and/or premises). 
If you own an existing hotel that you plan to convert from another brand to a Brand Hotel, 
you might already have incurred many of the costs listed in this Item, but you still will incur 
significant costs to upgrade and renovate the Hotel to meet our current standards for Brand Hotels.  
These costs vary widely and depend primarily on the Hotel’s existing condition and FF&E.  Before 
we and you sign the Franchise Agreement, we will prepare a PIP on your Hotel and provide details 
about our conversion and upgrade requirements for the Hotel. 
