Periodically, we enter into like-kind exchange agreements upon the disposition or acquisition of certain properties. 
Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, the proceeds from the sales are placed into an escrow account administered by a 
qualified intermediary and are unavailable for our use until released. The proceeds are recorded as restricted cash on our 
consolidated balance sheets and released (i) if they are utilized as part of a like-kind exchange agreement, (ii) if we do not 
identify a suitable replacement property within 45 days after the agreement date, or (iii) when a like-kind exchange agreement 
is not completed within the remaining allowable time period.
For additional information about acquisitions, see Note 7.
Contingent and Non-cash Consideration—As part of our acquisitions and dispositions, we may enter into contingent 
consideration arrangements whereby the buyer pays the seller additional consideration after transaction close upon the 
achievement of certain milestones, performance-based metrics, or other objectives as prescribed per the terms of the related 
agreement. In conjunction with our dispositions, we may receive non-cash consideration, such as preferred shares in the buyer 
entity or its affiliates.
Contingent consideration payable arising from acquisitions is recorded at fair value as a liability on the acquisition date. In 
order to estimate the fair value, we generally utilize a Monte Carlo simulation to model the probability of possible outcomes. 
The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding discount rates, estimated probability of achieving 
the contractual objectives, and/or expected timing of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions. Contingent 
consideration liabilities are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities or other long-term liabilities on our 
consolidated balance sheets and are remeasured at fair value on a quarterly basis. Changes in fair value are recognized in other 
income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income.
Contingent consideration receivable and non-cash consideration arising from dispositions are recorded at fair value as an 
asset upon sale. In order to estimate the fair value, we generally utilize a Monte Carlo simulation to model possible outcomes or 
a probability-based discounted future cash flow approach. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments 
regarding probability weighting, discount rates, estimated probability of achieving the contractual objectives, operating results, 
and/or expected timing of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions. Contingent consideration receivables are 
recorded in receivables, net or other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the carrying value are recognized 
when realizable, and if it is determined that the contingent consideration receivable is not recoverable, we recognize a loss. The 
corresponding offset depends on the underlying nature of the transaction and is recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real 
estate and other or equity earnings (losses) from unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income. 
Non-cash consideration is generally recorded in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets based on the underlying nature 
of the consideration.
For additional information about contingent and non-cash consideration, see Note 7 and Note 15.
Goodwill—Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination 
that are not individually identified or separately recognized. We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth 
quarter of each year using balances at October 1 and at interim dates if a triggering event occurs. Goodwill impairment is 
determined by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount. 
We evaluate the fair value of the reporting unit by performing a qualitative or quantitative assessment. In any given year, 
we can elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting 
unit is less than its carrying value. If it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, or we elect to 
bypass the qualitative assessment, we proceed to the quantitative assessment. 
When determining fair value, we utilize internally-developed discounted future cash flow models, third-party valuation 
specialist models, which may include income-based and/or market-based approaches, third-party appraisals or broker 
valuations, and if appropriate, pending third-party offers. Under an income-based approach, we utilize various assumptions 
requiring judgment, including projected future cash flows, discount rates, and capitalization rates. Our estimates of projected 
future cash flows are based on historical data, internal estimates, and/or external sources, which are primarily Level Three 
assumptions, and are developed as part of our routine, long-term planning process. For certain reporting units, we apply a 
weighting of an income-based approach and a market-based approach, which utilizes the guideline public companies method 
and is based on earnings multiple data derived from publicly traded peer group companies. We then compare the estimated fair 
value to our carrying value. If the carrying value is in excess of the fair value, we recognize an impairment charge in asset 
impairments on our consolidated statements of income based on the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit 
exceeded the fair value, limited to the carrying amount of goodwill. For additional information about goodwill, see Note 9.
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets—We have certain brand and other indefinite-lived intangible assets that were 
acquired through various asset acquisitions and business combinations. We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for 
