35 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
experiences among Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, we may, where we deem 
appropriate in our judgment:  (a) classify certain System Services as Mandatory Services for the 
Hotel which we classify as Non-Mandatory Services or do not offer to other Brand Hotels and/or 
other Hyatt Network Hotels; (b) not provide to the Hotel certain System Services that we provide 
to other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels; and (c) limit the scope of those System 
Services provided to franchised Brand Hotels, such as by limiting the access that franchised Brand 
Hotels have to certain customer and other proprietary information for Hyatt Network Hotels other 
than the Hotel.  We describe the current System Services and the current charges for those System 
Services in Item 6, including all of the services offered pursuant to the Central Services Agreement, 
which are generally Non-Mandatory Services but in certain circumstances may be designated as 
Mandatory Services as a condition of our approval of the Hotel’s management company, as 
consideration for other items negotiated as part of the Franchise Agreement, or as part of the 
requirements of the Quality Assurance and Compliance Program.  
Avendra, LLC (“Avendra”) is a products and services sourcing company that offers volume 
contracts to its customer hotels on a variety of FF&E and other items used in hotel operations, 
including food and beverage equipment and supplies (such as branded and commodity programs), 
operating equipment and supplies (such as linens, pillows, terry, and light bulbs), and other 
products and services (such as printing and stationery, logoed items, chemicals, and pest 
elimination), at competitive prices that Avendra negotiates.  You determine whether, and the extent 
to which, your Hotel will use Avendra’s services.  However, if you choose not to use Avendra, 
you might find it impracticable to purchase certain products for the Hotel (such as bathroom 
amenities made specifically for Hyatt Network Hotels) elsewhere.   
You may, and if we require (depending on your or your approved management company’s 
experience) you must, acquire revenue management services from us.  You also may, but are not 
required to, use Rosemont’s purchasing and project management services and acquire our pre-
opening advisory assistance for your Hotel.  If you are constructing a new Brand Hotel, you may 
decide to engage us (or our affiliate) to provide technical services and assistance relating to the 
Hotel’s development.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group, Avendra and Rosemont 
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for some required Hotel 
items.  When we do so, we seek to promote the overall interests of the network of Brand Hotels 
and other Hyatt Network Hotels and our interests as the franchisor.  We do not provide material 
benefits (like renewal or granting additional franchises) to individual franchisees for purchasing 
particular products or services or for using particular suppliers. 
You must participate in, connect with, and use the authorized CRS, GDS and ADS as we 
periodically designate for offering, booking, modifying, and communicating guest room 
reservations for the Hotel and bear all related costs and expenses.  You may only use the GDS and 
ADS that we periodically authorize.  You must honor and give first priority on available rooms to 
all confirmed reservations that the CRS, GDS or ADS refer to the Hotel.  The CRS and approved 
GDS and ADS are the only reservation systems or services that the Hotel may use for reservations.  
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates, if those rates and your pricing policies comply with 
System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best rate 
guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any guest a 
