48 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
Proprietary Marks, as part of its domain name or URL or that accepts reservations for the Hotel 
(other than through an approved link to a Hotel System Website) or otherwise sells any products 
or services associated with the Hotel or any of the Proprietary Marks.  In addition, except for the 
Hotel System Website, approved ADS, and as otherwise provided here, you may not develop, 
maintain or authorize any other website, other online presence or other electronic medium that 
describes or in any other way promotes the Hotel or displays any of the Proprietary Marks.  You 
may, with our approval (which we will not unreasonably withhold) and subject to compliance with 
System Standards, authorize any Travel Services Website or Franchisee Organization Website to 
list and promote the Hotel together with other hotels.  A “Travel Services Website” is a website 
that a third party (which is not your affiliate) operates that promotes and sells travel-related 
products and services for a number of hotel brands, including other Hyatt Network Hotels.  A 
“Franchisee Organization Website” is a website that mentions the Hotel and other hotels in which 
you and your affiliates have an interest as part of your and their portfolio of properties and that has 
a primary purpose of promoting the entire portfolio (rather than only promoting the Hotel).  
(Section 5.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Technology System
You must use the computer hardware, software, and related equipment (the “Technology 
System”) that we or our affiliate periodically designate to operate the Hotel.  The Hotel will use 
the Technology System to administer the CRS and the property management system (the “PMS”); 
automate front desk registration/cashiering, telephone switchboard, housekeeping and accounting 
functions; record and track sales and labor data; run the point-of-sale (“POS”), key lock system, 
in-room entertainment, sound and related systems; and perform a variety of other management and 
reporting functions.  To meet our current brand standards, you must install the following systems:  
Property Management, Point of Sale, Revenue Management, Events and Lead Generation System 
(Envision), Key Lock, PBX/Phones, In-Room Entertainment, High Speed Internet Service, Guest 
Computing, Hotel Music Services, Digital Surveillance, and Scent.  The Technology System will 
generate and record revenue, payment, labor and other operational data relating to the Hotel and 
its operations.  We will provide project management implementation and related services for the 
Technology System.  Based on our current requirements for a Brand Hotel, we estimate that it will 
cost approximately $638,600 to $777,650 for you to acquire and install the Technology System at 
the Hotel.
You currently must acquire the PMS, POS system, and certain other components of the 
Technology System only from our designated vendors.  You must acquire 24/7 support, 
maintenance, and warranty coverage from us or our designated PMS and POS vendor.  Our 
designated PMS and POS vendor currently charges $3.90 per room per month but may increase 
this amount upon notice to you.  Our designated PMS and POS vendor will also provide upgrades 
and updates to its licensed software if we approve them.  You also must acquire maintenance from 
our designated PBX/phones vendor, our designated key lock vendor, and our designated sound 
system vendor, who currently charges $18.95 per month to provide quarterly updates to the playlist 
that the Brand Hotel network uses.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group will provide other 
maintenance, support, upgrades and updates for parts of the Technology System and certain other 
technology services as part of the Mandatory Services for the Hotel, all of which are included in 
