2 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
sample architectural plans, drawings, designs, and layouts, such as site, floor, plumbing, lobby, 
electrical, and landscape plans and building designs, whether or not registered with the U.S. 
Copyright Office (collectively, the “Copyrighted Materials”); (c) all Confidential Information 
(defined in Item 14); (d) the standards that we periodically prescribe detailing certain design 
criteria to be incorporated into the design and layout of the Hotel, and our minimum standards for 
engineering and construction of newly constructed, renovated or adapted Brand Hotels, all as we 
determine them (the “Design and Construction Standards”); (e) the central reservations system and 
related services for Brand Hotels, as we may periodically modify it (“CRS”); (f) the global 
distribution systems (“GDS”) and the online travel agencies and other alternative distribution 
systems (“ADS”) that we periodically authorize or require for the Hotel and other similarly situated 
Brand Hotels, subject to Reasonable Deviations (defined in Item 8);  (g) management, personnel, 
and operational training programs, materials, and procedures; (h) standards, specifications, 
procedures, and rules for operations, marketing, construction, equipment, furnishings, and quality 
assurance that we implement and may periodically modify for Brand Hotels (collectively, “System 
Standards”) we describe in our confidential owner extranet, as we periodically amend them, or in 
other written or electronic communications; (i) marketing, advertising, and promotional programs; 
and (j) Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services (each defined in Item 6). 
Before signing the Franchise Agreement, and while you apply for franchise rights, you 
must submit a franchise application (Exhibit B) through our online application portal and pay the 
application fee.  We will refund the application fee less a fee to cover our costs if you withdraw 
your franchise application before we approve it or if we do not approve it.  During your evaluation 
process, and before receiving any Confidential Information, you must sign the Confidentiality 
Agreement (Exhibit F) (the “Confidentiality Agreement”).  Because we may engage in 
negotiations with you and other franchisees, you may sign a Franchise Agreement with us that 
differs significantly from the agreements that other franchisees sign for Brand Hotels. 
Competition and the Market 
The hotel market is well-established and highly competitive.  Brand Hotels compete with 
other national select- and full-service hotel systems and with regional and local hotels that offer 
comparable services and lodging products.  Brand Hotels will target both corporate business 
travelers and family weekend leisure travelers.  Some competitors of Brand Hotels may be larger, 
may operate more hotels and may have greater resources than we do.  Other competitive factors 
include room rates, quality of accommodations, name recognition, service levels, geographic area, 
site location, general economic conditions and your management capabilities.  
Our Affiliates Who Supply the Franchise Network or Offer Franchises
The following companies are our affiliates who currently provide products or services to 
Brand Hotel franchisees. 
• 
Hyatt Corporation administers the “World of Hyatt” program, under which 
members earn points for eligible amounts guests spend at Hyatt Network Hotels 
and resorts worldwide.  “Hyatt Network Hotels” are Brand Hotels and other hotels, 
