6 
1618203905.2
•
Purchasing required hardware, software, interfaces and licenses 
•
Performing training for vendor-specific systems 
•
Ongoing support of systems and hardware following hotel opening 
•
Integrating or troubleshooting non-standard Hyatt computer systems 
•
Provide any physical or logical connection between the administrative network and the guest 
network 
•
Installation and configuration of backup software to be used with workstations 
•
Installation and configuration of PMS interfaces unless this work is ready for completion while 
resource is on site 
3.
Deliverables And Work Product 
Hyatt will provide a qualified technical project manager to perform the installation and 
configuration of the hotel’s computing environment.  The Hyatt standard computing environment 
typically consists of a firewall, network switch, KVM, and 6 – 10 general use workstations to include 
front desk workstations.  This equipment will be installed, configured and placed in its respective 
locations.  Hyatt will coordinate activities with circuit/firewall vendors to connect the Hyatt computing 
environment to the data circuit to ensure internet access and access to Hyatt’s central systems.  Hyatt 
will configure the network switch and connect all standard devices to the network and ensure functional 
performance of all devices. 
It is strongly recommended that hotel ownership or management contracts with an IT outsourced 
provider to observe Hyatt’s IT resources to ensure continuity of support following hotel opening. 
4.
Project Dependencies 
Critical milestones for IT Systems are dependent on available electricity, conduit, core drilling and 
cabling in the Computer Room, Gallery Host Stand, E-room, Meeting Rooms, etc.  Every effort will be 
taken to schedule computer system vendors without change or expedite fees since this will add to the 
cost of the Project. 
5.
Completion Criteria 
This Computing Environment Setup and Configuration Statement of Work will be deemed 
completed when:   
•
the Computer Room installed and operational; 
•
the Gallery Host Stand installed and operational; 
•
the Hyatt Standard IT Systems are installed an operational.
