Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us” or “our” means Hyatt 
Place Franchising, L.L.C., the franchisor.  “You” means the entity acquiring a franchise.  One or 
more of the owners of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined in Item 15) in you who we specify 
must sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, which means that all provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement (Exhibit C) also will apply to those owners.  We expect that only entities, 
and not individuals, will acquire our franchises. 
Our Company History and Parents 
We are a limited liability company formed in Delaware.  Our principal business address is 
150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.  If we have an agent for service of process in 
your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit D.  We do business only under our company name 
and the Proprietary Marks (defined below).  We have never operated Brand Hotels (defined 
below), but some of our affiliates do.  We have no predecessors and no business activities that are 
not described here.  One of our parent companies is Hyatt Corporation, whose principal business 
address is the same as our address.  Another parent company is Select Hotels Group, L.L.C., whose 
principal business address is the same as our address.  Another parent company is Hyatt Hotels 
Corporation, whose principal business address is the same as our address.  We have offered 
franchises for Brand Hotels since September 2005 and have never offered franchises in any other 
line of business. 
Franchise Rights for Brand Hotels  
We grant franchises for, and some of our affiliates operate, upscale, select service hotels 
that use the Hotel System (defined below) and are identified by the Proprietary Marks (“Brand 
Hotels”).  Brand Hotels offer attractively-designed rooms with upscale amenities and exceptional 
service standards incorporating state-of-the-art technology, design and entertainment components.  
They typically are in primary and secondary cities and offer complimentary hot breakfast, free 
high-speed Internet access, a fitness center, swimming pool and meeting space.  We call the Brand 
Hotel that you will operate under the Franchise Agreement your “Hotel.”  You will operate the 
Hotel only from the location we approve before signing the Franchise Agreement. 
The “Hotel System” means the concept and system associated with the establishment and 
operation of Brand Hotels, as we periodically modify it.  The Hotel System now includes:  (a) the 
trade names, trademarks, and service marks “Hyatt Place” and other trade names, trademarks, 
service marks, logos, slogans, trade dress, domain names, and other source and origin designations 
(including all derivatives) that we or our affiliate periodically develops and we periodically 
designate for use with the Hotel System (collectively, the “Proprietary Marks”); (b) all 
copyrightable materials that we or our affiliate periodically develops and we periodically designate 
for use with the Hotel System, including the contents of our secure extranet, electronic media, 
marketing materials (including advertising, marketing, promotional, and public relations materials 
and business and marketing plans), the Design and Construction Standards (defined below), 
