6 
Hyatt Place 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616960071.2
upon the termination of the License Agreement in accordance with its terms; or (iii) at any time for any reason or no 
reason upon thirty (30) days written notice to Owner.  
b.
Termination by Owner. Owner may terminate this Agreement: (i) upon any material breach by Hyatt 
which such material breach is not remedied within thirty (30) days of written notice to Hyatt setting out the nature of 
such breach and requiring its remedy; or (ii) without cause upon six (6) months' notice to Hyatt.   
c.
Termination for Assignment. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon any Flag Change 
by Owner. For purposes of this clause, “Flag Change” means any termination of Hyatt's franchise relationship with 
Owner or any change resulting in the Property ceasing to be under a management, franchise or similar agreement with 
a direct or indirect subsidiary of Hyatt Hotels Corporation. 
d.
Effect of Termination of Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement: 
i.
Owner shall immediately cease using the Services and Hyatt shall cease providing Services 
to Owner under this Agreement; 
ii.
Upon termination pursuant to Section 10(a), Owner shall pay all Fees for Services provided 
prior to the expiration/termination date.  
iii.
The Parties agree that Sections that by their nature, or to give effect to their meaning, must 
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.   
11.
Facility. Hyatt or its Affiliate may move the Facility to another location at any time, provided in the event the 
new location is in a different country than the prior location, Hyatt shall notify Owner in writing of the intended move 
as far in advance thereof as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances (but in no event less than ninety (90) days 
in advance). Any relocation or moving of the Facility shall be conducted with the least disruption feasible upon Owner 
or any Authorized Users. Hyatt shall not be responsible to Owner for any such additional or incremental costs and 
expenses incurred by Owner, or any of its respective third-party service-providers or other business associates. 
12.
No Assignment. Owner may not assign or transfer this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder, 
without the prior written consent of Hyatt.  Any unpermitted assignment shall be null and void.  Hyatt reserves the right 
at any time to transfer or assign this Agreement, or a portion thereof, without notice or consent.   
13.
Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be responsible for delay or failure in performance resulting from events 
beyond its reasonable control and that were not avoidable through the exercise of due care, which shall include but 
not limited to acts of God, fire, earthquakes, war, civil unrest, accident, power fluctuations or outages, 
telecommunication fluctuations, outages or delays, utility failures, mechanical defects or other events beyond the 
control of a Party.  
14.
Independent Contractor.   Hyatt is an independent contractor and all persons employed to furnish Services 
hereunder are employees or subcontractors of Hyatt and not of Owner.  
15.
Incorporation of Franchise Agreement Provisions.    Articles XIV, XVII and XVIII of the Franchise 
Agreement, entitled Dispute Resolution (including, but not limited to Arbitration), Notices and General, respectively, 
are incorporated by this reference into this Agreement. 
16.
Binding.  This Agreement shall inure to and bind the successors, assigns and representatives of the parties. 
[signature page follows] 
