47 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
We may identify a region in which 2 or more Brand Hotels are located (including, if 
applicable, those that we or our affiliates own or operate) to establish a local or regional advertising 
cooperative (a “Cooperative”).  We may form, change, dissolve and merge Cooperatives.  The 
Cooperative’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to plan, discuss, organize, 
develop, utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs and materials on a collective basis (and to cover related expenses) for participating Brand 
Hotels.  We will not require you to participate in a Cooperative.  However, if you choose to 
participate in the Cooperative, you must do so according to the Cooperative’s rules, including by 
paying your Hotel’s allocable share for any advertising, marketing, promotional and other 
programs that the Cooperative conducts.  The Cooperative will be in charge of its own 
administration and determines contributions.  Cooperative members will typically contribute to 
programs at the same rate.  We anticipate that Cooperatives will operate from written governing 
documents and prepare financial statements that member franchisees may review.  All restrictions 
relating to any advertising, marketing or promotional materials and programs that you use or 
conduct also apply to any materials and programs that the Cooperative will use or conduct.  
(Section 5.5 of Franchise Agreement) 
You must ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, all public 
relations plans and programs, and all uses of the Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified 
manner and comply with the System Standards, including the use of our standard templates where 
applicable, and which may, at our option, require our prior approval of materials that we have not 
previously approved.  You must discontinue using any materials (including previously-approved 
materials) and stop engaging in any plans and programs (including previously-approved plans and 
programs) within the timeframe we specify after you receive written notice from us.  You may not 
use Guest Information (defined in Item 14) in conducting marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs for the Hotel, except for programs conducted by or through us or with our supervision 
in each instance.  (Section 5.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
The “Hotel System Website” is a website that we or one or more members of the Hyatt 
Group develops, maintains and/or authorizes for all or a certain group of Brand Hotels that we 
periodically specify (and, at our option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).  We currently provide each 
participating Brand Hotel a separate webpage on the Hotel System Website.  You must comply 
with all System Standards relating to the Hotel System Website, including by providing us (or our 
designee) all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we periodically request 
and promptly notifying us whenever any information concerning the Hotel on the Hotel’s webpage 
is no longer accurate.  By providing Hotel-related information and materials, you are representing 
to us that they are accurate and not misleading and do not infringe any third party’s intellectual 
property or other rights.  We have the final decision about all information or materials appearing 
on the Hotel System Website.  As between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and 
other rights in and to the Hotel System Website, including all data that visitors supply or the Hotel 
System Website obtains.  We may discontinue the Hotel System Website and/or any of its content 
(including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time. 
You may not develop, maintain or authorize any website or other electronic medium (other 
than the Hotel System Website) that has the word “hyatt” or any similar word, or any of the 
