84 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
the Smith Travel figures, we derived these figures based on our and our affiliates’ internal 
unaudited financial information, and no third party has independently investigated the figures.  
The figures contained in these financial performance representations do not reflect the costs 
of sales, operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the revenue 
figures to obtain net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the 
costs and expenses you will incur in operating a Brand Hotel.  Franchisees or former franchisees, 
listed in this disclosure document, may be one source of this information. 
Your results will depend on many factors, including the size, age and condition of your 
Hotel; the services and amenities your Hotel offers; the quality of the service at the Hotel; the 
market for lodging in your Hotel’s area, including whether the Hotel is near an airport, vacation 
destination, central business district or other features that attract travelers; general economic 
conditions; relationships with other businesses near the Hotel; competition; seasonality and 
weather; pricing; and your sales and marketing effectiveness.  These and other factors will 
significantly impact the results that a Brand Hotel can expect to achieve. 
Some hotels have sold or earned this amount.  Your individual results may differ.  
There is no assurance that you’ll sell or earn as much. 
Other than the preceding financial performance representations, we do not make any 
financial performance representations.  We also do not authorize our employees or representatives 
to make any such representations either orally or in writing.  If you are purchasing an existing 
outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet.  If you receive any 
other financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it 
to the franchisor’s management by contacting Dan Hansen, our Head of Americas Development, 
at 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, (312) 750-1234, the Federal Trade 
Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
Item 20 
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 
All numbers appearing in the tables below are as of December 31 in each year.  We include 
both Brand Hotels that our affiliates own and operate, and Brand Hotels that our affiliates manage 
for third-party owners under management agreements, as “company-owned” Brand Hotels.  We 
count Brand Hotels in which our affiliates have at least a 50% equity interest in the hotel’s 
ownership entity as “company-owned” hotels that our affiliates own and operate for purposes of 
the tables (regardless of the type of agreement governing the hotel’s operation).  Our affiliates 
owned and operated 3 Brand Hotels as of December 31, 2022, 3 Brand Hotels as of December 31, 
2023, and 3 Brand Hotels as of December 31, 2024.  Our affiliates manage the remaining 
“company-owned” Brand Hotels for third-party owners.  
