Capital Expenditures—As part of our ongoing business operations, expenditures are required to complete renovation 
projects that have been approved.
Other—We act as general partner of various partnerships owning hotel properties that are subject to mortgage 
indebtedness. These mortgage agreements generally limit the lender's recourse to security interests in assets financed and/or 
other assets of the partnership(s) and/or the general partner(s) thereof.
In conjunction with financing obtained for our unconsolidated hospitality ventures and certain managed or franchised 
hotels, we may provide standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability, or damage occurring as a result of our actions 
or actions of the other unconsolidated hospitality venture partners or the respective third-party owners or franchisees.
As a result of certain dispositions, we have agreed to provide customary indemnifications to third-party purchasers for 
certain liabilities incurred prior to sale and for breach of certain representations and warranties made during the sales process, 
such as representations of valid title, authority, and environmental issues that may not be limited by a contractual monetary 
amount. These indemnification agreements survive until the applicable statutes of limitation expire or until the agreed-upon 
contract terms expire.
We are subject to various claims and contingencies arising in the normal course of business, which are primarily related 
to lawsuits and taxes (see Note 14), as well as commitments under contractual obligations. Many of these claims are covered 
under our current insurance programs, subject to deductibles. We record a liability when the loss is probable and reasonably 
estimable, and if the loss is recoverable from third parties, we record a receivable when the realization of the claim is probable. 
Based on information currently available, we do not expect the ultimate resolution of such claims and litigation to have a 
material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Missouri Court of Appeals issued an opinion affirming a previous verdict 
awarding damages to a guest at one of our managed hotels. We have requested the Missouri Supreme Court exercise 
jurisdiction over the appeal, which remains pending. In connection with this matter, we have recorded an estimated liability in 
accrued expenses and other current liabilities with an offsetting receivable from insurance recorded in receivables, net on our 
consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2024, our maximum exposure, which is fully insured, is not expected to exceed 
$177 million.
During the year ended December 31, 2018, we received a notice from the Indian tax authorities assessing additional 
service tax on our operations in India. We appealed this decision and do not believe a loss is probable, and therefore, we have 
not recorded a liability in connection with this matter. At December 31, 2024, our maximum exposure is not expected to exceed 
$19 million.
16. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Common Stock—At December 31, 2024, Pritzker family business interests beneficially owned, in the aggregate, 
approximately 95.8% of our Class B common stock and approximately 1.8% of our Class A common stock, representing 
approximately 54.1% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and approximately 88.8% of the total voting power of our 
outstanding common stock. As a result, consistent with the voting agreements contained in the Amended and Restated Global 
Hyatt Agreement and Amended and Restated Foreign Global Hyatt Agreement, Pritzker family business interests are able to 
exert a significant degree of influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over matters requiring stockholder 
approval, including the election of directors and other significant corporate transactions. While the voting agreements are in 
effect, they may provide our board of directors with effective control over matters requiring stockholder approval. Because of 
our dual class ownership structure, Pritzker family business interests will continue to exert a significant degree of influence or 
actual control over matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own less than 50% of the outstanding shares of our 
common stock. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Global Hyatt Agreement and Amended and Restated Foreign Global 
Hyatt Agreement, the Pritzker family business interests have agreed to certain voting agreements and to certain limitations with 
respect to the sale of shares of our common stock. In addition, other stockholders beneficially own, in the aggregate, 
approximately 4.2% of our outstanding Class B common stock representing approximately 2.4% of the outstanding shares of 
our common stock and approximately 3.9% of the total voting power of our outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the 2007 
Stockholders' Agreement, these entities have also agreed to certain voting agreements and to certain limitations with respect to 
the sale of shares of our common stock. 
Share Repurchase—On December 18, 2019, May 10, 2023, and May 8, 2024 our board of directors authorized 
repurchases of up to $750 million, $1,055 million, and $1,000 million, respectively, of our common stock. These repurchases 
may be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise, including pursuant to a 
Rule 10b5-1 plan or an ASR transaction, at prices we deem appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law, and 
other factors deemed relevant in our sole discretion. The common stock repurchase program applies to our Class A and Class B 
