liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet in connection with this matter. Our filing position for the additional tax years and 
matters assessed is more likely than not to be sustained. As the tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon 
settlement is zero, we recorded a $13 million uncertain tax liability in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance 
sheet at December 31, 2024.
Further, the Mexican tax authorities disallowed credits taken on historical tax returns and applied value added taxes to 
certain transactions. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 450, Contingencies, we have not recorded a liability 
associated with the additional value added tax as we do not believe a loss is probable. At December 31, 2024, our maximum 
exposure is not expected to exceed $12 million.
We have several state audits pending, including in California and Illinois. State income tax returns are generally subject to 
examination for a period of three to five years after filing of the return. However, the state impact of any federal changes 
remains subject to examination by various states for a period generally up to one year after formal notification to the states of 
the federal changes. We also have several foreign audits pending. The statutes of limitations for the foreign jurisdictions ranges 
from three to ten years after filing the applicable tax return.
15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various commitments, guarantees, surety and other bonds, and letter of 
credit agreements.
Commitments—At December 31, 2024, we are committed, under certain conditions, to lend, provide certain 
consideration to, or invest in various business ventures up to $659 million, net of any related letters of credit.
Performance Guarantees—Certain of our contractual agreements with third-party owners require us to guarantee 
payments to the owners if specified levels of operating profit are not achieved by their hotels. Except as described below, at 
December 31, 2024, our performance guarantees had $150 million of remaining maximum exposure and expire between 2025 
and 2042.
Through acquisitions, we acquired certain management and hotel services agreements with performance guarantees based 
on annual performance levels and with expiration dates between 2027 and 2045. Contract terms within certain management and 
hotel services agreements limit our exposure, and therefore, we are unable to reasonably estimate our maximum potential future 
payments. 
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had $113 million and $99 million, respectively, of total performance 
guarantee liabilities, which included $104 million and $91 million, respectively, recorded in other long-term liabilities and 
$9 million and $8 million, respectively, recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance 
sheets.
Additionally, we enter into certain management and hotel services agreements where we have the right, but not an 
obligation, to make payments to certain third-party owners if their hotels do not achieve specified levels of operating profit. If 
we choose not to fund the shortfall, the hotel owner has the option to terminate the contract. At December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023, we had no amount and an insignificant amount, respectively, recorded in accrued expenses and other 
current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets related to these performance cure payments.
Debt Repayment Guarantees—We enter into various debt repayment guarantees in order to assist third-party owners, 
franchisees, and unconsolidated hospitality ventures in obtaining third-party financing or to obtain more favorable borrowing 
terms.
Geographical region
Maximum 
potential future 
payments (1)
Maximum 
exposure net of 
recoverability 
from third 
parties (1)
Other long-
term liabilities 
recorded at 
December 31, 
2024
Other long-
term liabilities 
recorded at 
December 31, 
2023
Year of guarantee 
expiration (2)
United States (3), (4)
$ 
125 $ 
25 $ 
51 $ 
30 
various, through 2030
All foreign (3)
 
29  
18  
7  
21 
various, through 2026
Total 
$ 
154 $ 
43 $ 
58 $ 
51 
(1) Our maximum exposure is generally based on a specified percentage of the total principal due upon borrower default. 
(2) Certain underlying debt agreements have extension periods which are not reflected in the year of guarantee expiration.
(3) We have agreements with our unconsolidated hospitality venture partners or the respective third-party owners or franchisees to recover 
certain amounts funded under the debt repayment guarantee; the recoverability mechanism may be in the form of cash or HTM debt 
security.
(4) Certain agreements give us the ability to assume control of the property if defined funding thresholds are met or if certain events occur.
