59 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
As of the date of this disclosure document, there is no predetermined agenda for this on-the-job 
training.  The trainers will generally train Hotel managers and staff with aspects of day-to-day 
operations, including: 

Guest services 

Housekeeping and laundry efficiencies 

Food and beverage 

Front desk  

Culinary (if applicable) 

Hyatt systems, tools, and initiatives with hotel leaders 
Additional, Supplemental, and Optional Training Programs During Franchise Term 
If any member of the Hotel’s Core Management team or other individuals whom we 
required to attend training ceases to hold that position, you (or the approved management company 
or any F&B Operator) must have their replacement attend and successfully complete the applicable 
mandatory brand standard training programs that we reasonably specify, some of which we 
describe above, within 90 days (or a longer period we periodically designate) after assuming their 
position.  We may charge fees for this training, and you must pay all travel and living expenses.  
If we determine that any Hotel personnel have failed to satisfactorily complete any training 
program, you (or the approved management company or F&B Operator) must immediately hire a 
substitute and promptly arrange for that person to complete training to our satisfaction. 
We may, at the times and places we deem best, require the Hotel’s Core Management and 
other personnel to participate in regional and national conventions, meetings and other brand 
standard training programs that we periodically specify.  For example, we may require additional 
training when major concept and repositioning changes occur in a food and beverage outlet at the 
Hotel.  These individuals must attend any supplemental training within the time period we 
reasonably specify after you receive notice from us.  We also may periodically hold an owner 
convention for all or a certain group of Hyatt Hotels and/or all or certain other Hyatt Network 
Hotels at a location we periodically designate.  You must pay our fees for these programs and 
conventions.  You must pay all of your personnel’s travel, living and other expenses (including 
local transportation expenses) and compensation relating to these training programs and 
conventions.  (Sections 3.1 and 3.4 and Exhibit B-1 of Franchise Agreement) 
In addition to our mandatory initial training programs, we also offer various optional brand 
standard training courses for Hotel personnel during the Franchise Agreement’s term.  We 
typically update the menu of optional courses annually to address then current hotel and business 
needs.  These optional offerings include discounted enrollment for eCornell’s self-paced, 
facilitated courses and certificate programs specifically curated for hospitality professionals.  We 
also make available other virtually-facilitated commercial services offerings and over 1,600 free, 
multi-lingual self-paced courses via our learning platform.  In addition, we periodically offer 
optional instructor-led or virtual programs for a fee.  You may, at your option, send Hotel personnel 
to some or all of these programs if you pay our then current fees.  We typically conduct optional 
