an asset disposition. We received $173 million of proceeds, net of cash disposed, closing costs, and proration adjustments, and 
issued a $41 million unsecured financing receivable with an initial maturity date of five years (see Note 6). Upon sale, we 
entered into a long-term management agreement for the property. The sale resulted in a $172 million pre-tax gain, which was 
recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended 
December 31, 2024. In connection with the disposition, we recognized a $15 million goodwill impairment charge in asset 
impairments on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024 (see Note 9). The assets 
disposed represented the entirety of the reporting unit and therefore, no business operations remained to support the related 
goodwill, which was therefore impaired. The operating results and financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain within 
our owned and leased segment. At December 31, 2023, we classified the assets and liabilities as held for sale on our 
consolidated balance sheet.
Destination Residential Management—During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold our interests in the entities 
that own the Destination Residential Management business to an unrelated third party for $2 million of base consideration, 
subject to customary adjustments related to working capital and indebtedness, and up to an additional $48 million of contingent 
consideration. The contingent consideration can be earned within two years following the sale upon the achievement of certain 
performance-based metrics and the extensions of certain contracts related to the rental programs and/or homeowner 
associations. Upon sale, we recorded a $28 million contingent consideration receivable at fair value in other assets on our 
consolidated balance sheet.
The fair value of the contingent consideration receivable was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the 
likelihood of achieving the performance-based metrics and a probability-based weighting approach to determine the likelihood 
of extending certain contracts. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding probability 
weighting, discount rates, operating results, and expected timing of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions. 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a $17 million decrease in the carrying value of the contingent 
consideration receivable and recognized the offset in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated 
statements of income. We did not recognize any changes in the carrying value of the contingent consideration receivable during 
the year ended December 31, 2023.
The transaction was accounted for as a business disposition, and we recognized a $19 million pre-tax gain in gains 
(losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2023. In 
conjunction with the disposition, we transferred $10 million of cash to the buyer related to advanced deposits. The operating 
results and financial position of this business prior to the sale remain within our management and franchising segment.
Hyatt Regency Greenwich—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold Hyatt Regency Greenwich to an 
unrelated third party for approximately $38 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and accounted for the 
transaction as an asset disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management agreement for the property. The sale 
resulted in a $14 million pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our 
consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The operating results and financial position of 
this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
Hyatt Regency Mainz—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold the share of the entity that is the operating 
lessee of Hyatt Regency Mainz to an unrelated third party for a nominal amount, net of closing costs, and accounted for the 
transaction as an asset disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term franchise agreement for the property. The sale 
resulted in an insignificant pre-tax loss, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our 
consolidated statements of income during year ended December 31, 2022. The operating results and financial position of this 
hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
The Confidante Miami Beach—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold The Confidante Miami Beach to an 
unrelated third party for approximately $227 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and accounted for the 
transaction as an asset disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management agreement for the property. The sale 
resulted in a $24 million pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our 
consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The operating results and financial position of 
this hotel prior to the sale remain within our owned and leased segment.
The Driskill—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold The Driskill to an unrelated third party for 
approximately $119 million, net of closing costs and proration adjustments, and accounted for the transaction as an asset 
disposition. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term management agreement for the property. The sale resulted in a $51 million 
pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated statements of income 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The operating results and financial position of this hotel prior to the sale remain 
within our owned and leased segment.
