60 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
training programs either at our headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, at your Hotel, or at another 
operating Hyatt hotel.  We offer optional brand standards training programs on an ongoing basis.  
Item 12 
TERRITORY 
You must operate the Hotel only from a specific site that we first approve.  Your rights 
under the Franchise Agreement are limited to operating the Hotel at the approved site.  If all or a 
substantial portion of the Hotel is condemned or suffers a casualty requiring you to close all or a 
portion of the Hotel, you may relocate the Hotel to a location we approve.   
Unless the Hotel is an operating Brand Hotel, we and you will agree on the boundaries of 
your “Area of Protection” before signing the Franchise Agreement.  We typically define the Area 
of Protection’s boundaries using geographic references (such as streets or rivers) or as a circle with 
the Hotel at its center.  The Area of Protection’s size will vary depending on the Hotel’s size and 
location.  It could be as small as a few blocks in urban areas and up to about a 3 mile radius from 
the Hotel’s entrance in certain suburban areas.  We also will assign an “AOP Term” and list the 
AOP Term in the Franchise Agreement before we and you sign it.  The AOP Term is the time 
period during which your rights in the Area of Protection will apply.  The AOP Term begins on 
the effective date of the Franchise Agreement and typically ends 3 years after the Hotel’s opening 
date.   
Subject to the one exception below, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate during the AOP Term, nor authorize any other party to open and operate during the AOP 
Term, any other Brand Hotel the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
Protection.  One exception to this restriction is that, during the AOP Term, if  we or any affiliate 
acquires ownership of or the right to operate, manage, franchise, or license (regardless of the form 
of transaction) another group of at least 4 hotels, one or more of which hotels are located or are 
under contract or construction to be located in the Area of Protection, then we and our affiliates 
will have the unrestricted right to convert, or cause to be converted, the acquired hotel(s) within 
the Area of Protection from its (or their) original trade identity to operate under the Proprietary 
Marks and the Hotel System.  We then may operate, or authorize any other party to operate, those 
hotel(s) as Brand Hotel(s), even if one or more of the other acquired hotels, whether operating 
within or outside the Area of Protection, are not converted to Brand Hotels.   
If the Hotel is an operating Brand Hotel, you may not receive any Area of Protection or 
AOP Term when signing the Franchise Agreement.  We will make the determination of whether 
to provide any Area of Protection based on the time during which the Hotel has operated under the 
“Hyatt Place” name and the market conditions under which the Hotel operates. 
Your rights in the Area of Protection apply only during the AOP Term.  Following the 
AOP Term, you will have no territorial rights or protection, whether within or outside the Area of 
Protection, and we and our affiliates may open and operate, and authorize any other parties to open 
and operate, other Brand Hotels the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
