9 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
the Hotel over 150 rooms.  If you are purchasing an existing Brand Hotel, you or the transferor 
will pay us a lump-sum change of ownership application fee of $150,000 when you submit the 
franchise application through our online application portal.  If you withdraw your franchise 
application before we approve it, or if we do not approve your franchise application for any reason, 
then we will refund your application fee, less a $7,500 fee to cover our costs for evaluating your 
application.  After we approve your franchise application, the application fee is non-refundable, 
even if we and you do not sign a Franchise Agreement.  If you and we agree to add any guest 
rooms to the Hotel before the Hotel opens, then you must pay us, when we approve the additional 
guest rooms, an additional non-refundable application fee of $500 multiplied by the number of 
additional guest rooms over 150 total guest rooms at the Hotel.   
PIP Preparation Fee 
If you are converting an existing structure to a Brand Hotel, you will pay us a non-
refundable fee of $10,000 for our preparation of the Property Improvement Plan (the “PIP”), which 
will detail the improvements necessary to renovate the structure to a Brand Hotel, at the time you 
submit your franchise application and the application fee.  
Operator Approval and Onboarding 
If you or the management company that you select to operate the Hotel is not already an 
approved operator of Brand Hotels, you or the management company must complete our operator 
approval and onboarding program.  Currently, the entry fee for this program is $10,000 for 2 
participants, plus re-entry fees up to $10,000 if you fail to successfully complete any stage of the 
program.  Any additional participants beyond 2 will be charged a fee of $2,500 per participant.  
We may periodically increase the fees for this program.  
Comfort Letter Fee 
You must obtain a comfort letter or similar agreement, the current form of which is attached 
as Exhibit J, that we reasonably specify from each lender, each ground lessor (if applicable), the 
owner of fee simple title to the Hotel’s real property or building and improvements (if you are not 
that owner), and each other entity with an interest (or any power or right, conditional or otherwise, 
to acquire an interest) in the Hotel’s real property or building and improvements (each a “Comfort
Letter Party”).  Under this comfort letter or similar agreement, the Comfort Letter Party agrees 
(among other things) to assume your obligations under the Franchise Agreement (subject to our 
rights under the Franchise Agreement) if the Comfort Letter Party or any of its affiliates acquires 
title or otherwise assumes possession, or the right to sell or direct the disposition of, the Hotel’s 
real property or building and improvements.  You must pay our then applicable, non-refundable 
comfort letter fee, which currently is $2,500, for each comfort letter that we negotiate relating to 
the Hotel. 
