70 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
oriented business, or (ii) a package liquor store, marijuana dispensary, or gambling business, 
without our prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in our sole judgment, 
or (iii) a bar, lounge, club or similar establishment situated within 300 feet of any part of the Hotel’s 
interior footprint, whose revenues are derived more than 50% from the sale of alcoholic beverages, 
without our prior written consent, which consent will not be withheld unless we reasonably 
determine that the establishment might have a material negative impact on guests of the Hotel.  
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates if those rates and your pricing policies comply 
with System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best 
rate guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any 
guest a rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest at the time the 
guest makes the reservation.  You may not change the number of guest rooms in the Hotel without 
our consent.   
Item 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision
Section in franchise or other 
agreement
Summary
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
1.2 and 10.2 of Franchise 
Agreement; 2 of 
Confidentiality Agreement; 1 
of Central Services Agreement; 
10 of Subscription and Hosting 
Services Agreement; Field 
Marketing Program Schedule; 
Central Sales Program 
Schedule; Revenue 
Management Services Program 
Schedule; GPGS Program 
Schedule; Digital Ancillary 
Services Program Schedule 
Franchise Agreement’s term expires 20 
years after the 1st day of the month in 
which the Hotel opens.  If you acquire 
an existing Brand Hotel from a 
franchisee, the term will be the 
remaining term on the selling 
franchisee’s agreement.  Term extends 
for period during which Hotel is closed 
for casualty.  Confidentiality 
Agreement’s obligations continue for 5 
years or indefinitely for trade secrets.  
Central Services Agreement expires 
upon the Franchise Agreement’s 
termination or expiration.  Subscription 
and Hosting Services Agreement 
expires when our affiliate’s PMS 
license terminates or Hotel no longer 
operates under a Hyatt brand.  Field 
Marketing Program Schedule, Central 
Sales Program Schedule, Revenue 
