14 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
withheld unless Hyatt reasonably determines that the establishment might have a material 
negative impact on guests of the Hotel. 
(b)
Franchisee shall and shall cause its lessees and its Affiliates and their 
respective lessees to: (i) develop, maintain and operate all Non-Hotel Components within 
the Mixed-Use Site in accordance with quality, design and operational standards consistent 
with the quality, design and operational standards applicable to the Hotel, (ii) refrain from 
advertising, marketing or promoting the Non-Hotel Components as being associated with 
or part of the Hotel, the Brand, the Brand Hotels, or any other Proprietary Marks, except 
in connection with Hotel, advertisement and promotion approved pursuant to ARTICLE V 
of this Agreement; and (iii) operate the Non-Hotel Components in a way that, in Hyatt’s 
reasonable judgment, does not damage or reflect adversely on the goodwill associated with 
any Proprietary Mark. 
(c)
Franchisee shall and shall cause its lessees and its Affiliates and their 
respective lessees to, obtain and maintain throughout the Term, with respect to the Non-
Hotel Components, the insurance coverages meeting then-current industry standards. 
(d)
Hyatt shall have the right to review the applicable provisions of agreements 
between Franchisee or its Affiliates and operators of the Non-Hotel Components to 
determine compliance with this Section 4.12.  
ARTICLE V 
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING 
5.1
Pre-Opening Marketing.  At least one hundred twenty (120) days before the 
Hotel’s Opening Date, Franchisee must prepare and submit to Hyatt for its approval a written pre-
opening marketing program that satisfies Hyatt’s requirements and contemplates spending at least 
the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1.  Franchisee must change the program as Hyatt specifies and 
implement the approved program.  
5.2
Participation in Advertising and Marketing.  Franchisee acknowledges that 
promoting Brand Hotels as a single chain in the United States is an important part of the Hotel 
System.  Franchisee must participate in and use, in the manner that Hyatt specifies, all advertising, 
marketing and promotional activities, materials and programs that Hyatt periodically requires for 
similarly-situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations). 
5.3
Approval of Marketing Programs and Materials.  Subject to Hyatt’s 
requirements and at Franchisee’s expense, Franchisee may conduct local and regional marketing, 
advertising and promotional programs for the Hotel.  Franchisee must ensure that all advertising, 
marketing and promotional materials, all public relations plans and programs, and all uses of the 
Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified manner and in accordance with the System 
Standards, including the use of Hyatt’s standard templates where applicable, and which may, at 
Hyatt’s option, require Hyatt’s prior approval of materials not previously approved by Hyatt in the 
manner Hyatt specifies.  Franchisee must discontinue using any materials, including previously-
approved materials, and cease engaging in any plans and programs, including previously-approved 
