58 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
provided, and tasks which must be completed to our satisfaction are indicated below.  These 
requirements are routinely updated and subject to change.   
In addition to the courses listed below, the Hotel’s general manager must facilitate training 
of on-property personnel in several areas, including safety and security, ethics, de-escalation, 
cybersecurity and hygiene.  This training does not need to take any specific format or follow a 
standardized curriculum.  It is in the discretion of the Hotel’s general manager as to the materials 
to utilize, which may include optional materials that we offer.  The Hotel’s general manager must 
regularly acknowledge via our learning management system that it has provided such training to 
Hotel staff.  
As of the date of this disclosure document, this required training includes the following 
topics: 
Subject
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training
Hours of On-the-
Job Training
Location
Elevate Service Skills Training 
2-10 
0 
Self-paced eLearning 
World of Hyatt Host 
1-6 (varies by 
position) 
0-4 
Self-paced eLearning 
World of Hyatt How it Works 
1 
0 
Self-paced eLearning 
World of Hyatt Training 
6 
1-2 
Your Hotel 
Hyatt’s Human Trafficking 
Training – this program requires 
annual retraining for all employees
1-3 
0 
Self-paced eLearning 
Global Privacy Program – this 
program requires annual retraining 
for all employees 
1-3 
0 
Your Hotel – Hotel general 
manager to facilitate the 
training and acknowledge 
completion 
Total Hours – Other Personnel
12-29
1-6
Pre-Opening Brand Training 
For the final part of our required initial training program, we send a pre-opening team of 2 
to 3 trainers (at our option) to assist with training the Hotel staff on brand standards and related 
issues concerning the Hotel’s opening.  You must pay us a fee and our trainers’ travel and living 
expenses.   The trainers arrive at or before the opening and typically stay for a minimum of 7 nights 
(not including virtual training), although we may (at our option) conduct this training on more than 
1 visit.  There are no instructional materials or tasks that you must complete to our satisfaction.  
