3 
Hyatt Place 2025 FDD 
1615720939.4 
resorts, lodging facilities and other accommodations and hospitality affiliations that 
we, our affiliates, or our or their franchisees or licensees periodically own and/or 
operate under the name “Hyatt” or another brand that any of our affiliates own, 
regardless of whether those brands utilize the “Hyatt” mark in their names.  Other 
companies that provide hospitality or hospitality-related services to members, 
including other hotel operators, airlines and car rental companies, as well as 
branded hotel chains that Hyatt Corporation’s affiliates own, manage or license, 
also participate in the World of Hyatt program.  Hyatt Corporation also will provide 
most of the Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees.  Hyatt Corporation (directly or through affiliates) has owned, operated, 
provided services to, and/or managed hotels since 1957 and currently owns, 
operates, provides services to, and manages (directly or through affiliates) hotels 
and lodging facilities under more than 25 lodging brands.  Hyatt Corporation has 
never offered franchises in any line of business.   
• 
Rosemont Project Management, L.L.C. (“Rosemont”) is a purchasing company that 
provides optional project management services and purchasing services for certain 
furniture, fixtures and equipment that Brand Hotels use.  Rosemont has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any line of business.  Rosemont’s principal 
business address is the same as our address.   
We call Hyatt Corporation, Rosemont, us, and any of our other affiliates who also are subsidiaries 
of Hyatt Hotels Corporation that currently, or may in the future, provide goods or services to you 
during the Franchise Agreement’s term, the “Hyatt Group.”
The following companies are our affiliates who currently offer franchises or licenses in the 
United States and around the world.  The branded hotels that some of these affiliates operate or 
franchise might use the same reservations systems and other systems and processes as Brand 
Hotels. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. (formerly known as Hyatt Franchise Corporation) 
(“Hyatt Franchising”) offered franchises for full service hotels operating in the 
United States under the Hyatt® name (without a sub-brand) from December 1994 
until April 1997 and again from September 2006 until January 2015.  Hyatt 
Franchising offered franchises for full service hotels operating in the United States 
under the Hyatt Regency® name from September 1994 until April 1997 and began 
offering these franchises again in September 2006.  Hyatt Franchising also began 
offering franchises for full service hotels operating in the United States under the 
Hyatt Centric® name in February 2015 and franchises for unique, up-scale 
accommodations and hospitality affiliations operating in the United States under 
their own names but associated with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® name 
since June 2016.  There currently are 9 full service hotels which operate under the 
Hyatt name (without a sub-brand), 7 of which are franchised.  Hyatt Franchising 
previously offered (but no longer intends to offer) franchises for full service hotels 
under the Thompson® name from December 2018 to August 2021.  Hyatt 
