37 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Schedule 
Subject (1)(2) 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On-the-
Job 
Training 
Location 
Day 9 
*Kitchen & Bar Practice 
*Open and Work in Position 
*Bar and Kitchen SOP overall review  
*Final Review
3 
6 
“Certified” training 
store and/or other 
locations (3) 
Day 10 
*Final Exam (Academic test & Skill test. Must 
score 80% to pass course). 
*Discuss Menu Boards/Marketing 
*Store opening/Closing Procedures  
*Order process explanation & Inspection 
Process.  
*Transfer of all documents needed for all store 
operational procedures.
3 
7 
“Certified” training 
store and/or other 
locations (3) 
Totals 
36 
55 
(1) 
The instructional materials for all training programs include the Manuals, handouts and 
visual aids, and will include lectures, classroom discussion, hands-on demonstration and/or 
practice training at a training store.  
(2) 
The initial training program will be led or overseen by Gabriela Parck, the Senior Manager 
of Training and Ops Services for the Americas of GCA & a Certified Tea Sommelier.  She 
has more than 3 years of experience working with us or our affiliates, and over 20 years of 
experience working in the restaurant industry.  Any other individuals involved in the initial 
training program will have at least one year of experience in the subject that they teach. 
(3) 
The initial training program will take place at “certified” Gong cha® training stores owned 
by one of our affiliates or franchisees, and/or other locations we designate.  The on-the-job 
training typically will be held at the “certified” training store, while the classroom training 
will be held in a conference room or office setting.   
Other training will take place at our headquarters, “certified” Gong cha® training stores owned by 
our affiliates or franchisees, and/or other locations we designate, including online remotely, in our 
sole discretion, and at the times we specify.   
If your Designated Principal or General Manager ceases active employment in your Store, you 
must enroll a qualified replacement who is reasonably acceptable to us in our initial training 
program reasonably promptly following cessation of employment of said individual.  We reserve 
the right to require you to pay us our then-current training fee for any such training.  In the 
alternative, with respect to training a replacement General Manager, you may train such 
replacement(s), as described below.  Your replacement Designated Principal and/or any required 
managers shall complete the initial training program as soon as is practicable and in no event later 
than any time periods as we periodically specify in the Manuals and otherwise in writing.  We 
reserve the right to review any personnel you train and require that such persons attend and 
