11 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Commonwealth of Virginia, ex rel. State Corporation Commission v. Gong Cha International Co., 
Ltd. and Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC, Case No. SEC-2024-00043.  The State Corporation 
Commission’s Division of Securities and Retail Franchising (the “Division”) conducted an 
investigation of GCI and us relating to the sale of the master franchise to GCDMV (described in 
the matter above), which included the right to offer and sell Gong cha franchises in Virginia.  Based 
on its investigation, the Division alleged that GCI and we (as an assignee) violated § 13.1-560 of 
the Virginia Retail Franchising Act (the “Virginia Act”) by offering to sell and selling a master 
franchise in Virginia without the franchise being registered, and violated §13.1-563 (4) (ii) of the 
Virginia Act by failing to provide GCDMV with a cleared FDD in conjunction with the offer and 
sale of the franchise. GCI and we entered into a settlement order with the Division to settle this 
matter, which was approved by the State Corporation Commission on March 4, 2025.  Under the 
settlement order, GCI and we agreed, without admitting or denying the allegations of the Division, 
to pay a monetary penalty of $3,000 and to not violate the Virginia Act in the future. 
Except as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Initial Franchise Fee 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must pay us an initial franchise fee of $34,500 (the “Initial 
Franchise Fee”) for a single Store, due and payable to us in United States Dollars when you sign 
the Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us when you sign the 
Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is not refundable and is not credited against any 
other obligation you have to us, except under certain circumstances if you sign an ADA and meet 
specific development targets, as described below. 
Lease Review Fee 
Included as part of the Initial Franchise Fee, we or our designated supplier will conduct a single 
lease review of a proposed location for a Store.  If you require more than one lease review for a 
proposed location (or a different proposed location), however, we or our designated supplier may 
charge you a “Lease Review Fee” of $2,000 per additional lease review we or our designated 
supplier conduct.  Any Lease Review Fee will be due and payable in United States Dollars as 
invoiced and is not refundable. 
Initial Supplies and Inventory 
You must purchase from us or our affiliates, including GCPS, certain initial supplies and inventory, 
which typically includes food and beverage ingredients (including the Proprietary Products), paper 
supplies, certain small wares, branded items, and certain equipment.  We estimate that the total 
cost to purchase these items from us or our affiliates will be $25,750 to $61,800 but may vary 
