22 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
furniture, fixtures, and equipment, including an intelligence beverage maker and 
related parts.  The intelligent beverage maker is provided on an EX-WORKS China 
basis to franchisees and ranges in cost depending on size from $11,750 to $13,300.  
We provide financing for the intelligence beverage maker, see Item 10 for the 
financing plan details. This estimate also includes the cost of office furniture, filing 
cabinet, and miscellaneous office supplies, and equipment. Please note that the 
intelligent beverage maker, may become subject to tariffs in the future.  In such 
case, the estimated cost of this item will increase and, as a result, could increase the  
high-end estimate for this item by up to 25%.   
Note 7. 
You must purchase or lease a technology system necessary to operate your Store, 
including personal computer, a point-of-sale system, and related hardware and 
software, including, at least a Wi-Fi system, a security system (security cameras, 
store alarms and fire alarms), label and receipt printers, 2 ordering kiosks, an 
electronic menu board, a phone system, and a music and sound system.  The 
technology system selected must use certain inventory, ordering, and accounting 
platforms and otherwise meet our standards and specifications.  Our estimate 
includes other general fees (including acquisition, shipping and installation fees, 
and ongoing subscription fees) that you are responsible for in connection with the 
technology system you select. 
Note 8. 
If you do not own a location for your Store that we have approved, you must 
purchase or lease a space.  We have assumed you will lease space for your Store. 
This estimate includes your first month’s rent payment, security deposits, and 
utility deposits (for example, telephone, electricity, gas, and water).  We have 
assumed the security deposit to your landlord will equal 1 month’s rent.  While this 
estimate assumes that rent commences upon the Store’s opening, you will need to 
lease a space in advance to build-out your Store.  However, you may be able to 
negotiate an abatement from your landlord for this period, as we have assumed.  
Rent varies considerably market-to-market, and from location-to-location within 
each market.  Rents may vary beyond the range that we have provided, based on 
factors such as market conditions in the relevant area, the type and nature of 
improvements needed to the premises, the size of the site for the Store, the terms of 
the lease, the desirability of the location, and your ability to negotiate with your 
landlord.   
If you choose to purchase, rather than rent, real estate on which a building suitable 
for your Store already is constructed or could be constructed, your real estate costs 
will be higher and vary significantly depending on the local real estate market. 
Note 9. 
You must purchase from us or our affiliate certain initial supplies and inventory, 
which typically includes food and beverage ingredients, paper supplies, certain 
small wares, branded items, uniforms, and certain equipment.  Our estimates 
include the total cost to purchase these items from us or our affiliate for a 3-month 
period but may vary depending on the size of your Store or if we permit you to 
purchase certain items from an approved supplier instead. These amounts are due 
and payable when we require you to order your initial supplies and inventory. You 
