44 
in this Agreement for at least six (6) consecutive months; and from which recovery within six (6) 
consecutive months from the date of determination of disability is unlikely. Permanent disability shall be 
determined by a licensed practicing physician selected by Franchisor upon examination of such person or, 
if such person refuses to be examined, then such person shall automatically be deemed permanently disabled 
for the purposes of this Section 15.8 as of the date of refusal. Franchisor shall pay the cost of the required 
examination. 
15.9
Notice to Franchisor of Death or Permanent Disability. Upon the death or permanent 
disability of Franchisee or any Principal of Franchisee, such person or his or her representative shall 
promptly notify Franchisor of such death or claim of permanent disability. Any transfer upon death or 
permanent disability shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as any inter vivos transfer. 
15.10
Limited Exceptions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 15: 
15.10.1 Franchisee shall  not be required to pay the transfer fee due under 
Section 15.3.10, if the transferee: (a) is a spouse, parent, or direct lineal descendant or sibling of Franchisee 
or of a Principal of Franchisee (or more than one of such persons), provided that the transferee has been 
involved in, and is knowledgeable regarding, the operations of the Franchised Store; (b) is a Principal of 
Franchisee; or (c) is a transferee under Sections 15.7 or 15.8.
15.10.2 If Franchisee is an individual and seeks to transfer this Agreement to a 
corporation, partnership, or limited liability company formed for the convenience of ownership, the 
conditions of Sections 15.3.6 (signing a new franchise agreement), 15.3.7 (upgrading the Franchised 
Store), and 15.3.10 (transfer fee) shall not apply, and Franchisee may undertake such transfer, provided 
that: (a) Franchisee owns one hundred percent (100%) of the equity interest in the transferee entity; 
(b) Franchisee and any other Principal(s) personally guarantee, in a written guaranty satisfactory to 
Franchisor, the performance of the obligations of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement; 
(c) Franchisee executes a Transfer of Franchise form as prescribed and approved by Franchisor; (d) such 
transferee entity is newly organized and its business purpose is confined exclusively to operating the 
Franchised Store under this Agreement; and (e) Franchisee and any other Principal(s) execute any and all 
other ancillary agreements as Franchisor may require. 
15.11
Securities Offerings. All materials required for any offering of securities or partnership 
interests in Franchisee by any applicable law shall be submitted to Franchisor by the offeror for review 
prior to filing with any government agency; and any materials to be used in any exempt offering shall be 
submitted to Franchisor for review prior to their use. No offering shall imply, by use of the Proprietary 
Marks or otherwise, that Franchisor is participating in an underwriting, issuance, or offering of securities 
of either Franchisee or Franchisor; and review by Franchisor of any offering shall be limited solely to the 
subject of the relationship between Franchisee and Franchisor. At its option, Franchisor may require the 
offering materials to contain written statements or disclaimers prescribed by Franchisor including any 
limitations stated above in this Section 15.11. Franchisee and the other participants in the offering must 
fully indemnify Franchisor in connection with the offering. For each proposed offering, Franchisee shall 
reimburse Franchisor for its actual costs and expenses associated with reviewing the proposed offering 
materials, including legal and accounting fees. Franchisee shall give Franchisor written notice at least sixty 
(60) days prior to the date of commencement of any offering or other transaction covered by this 
Section 15.11. Any such offering shall be subject to prior written consent of Franchisor and right of first 
refusal as provided in Section 15.6. 
15.12
No Waiver. The consent of Franchisor to any transfer pursuant to this Section 15 shall not 
constitute a waiver of any claims it may have against the transferring party, nor shall it be a waiver of the 
right of Franchisor to demand exact compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement by any transferor 
or transferee. 
