Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-7 
Agreement, as well as the audit reports regarding the Subprocessors’ compliance of the 
written subprocessing contracts;  
(viii)
promptly, and in any event within 90 days of the date of termination of this Agreement 
or its expiry (or within such shorter timeframe as may be required by this Agreement): 
(i) return a complete copy of all Customer Data by secure file transfer in such a format 
as notified by Franchisor, at Franchisor Cost, to Franchisor; and (ii) where instructed 
by Franchisor, delete and procure the deletion of all other copies of Customer Data 
Processed by Franchisee or any Subprocessors; and (ix) provide reasonable assistance 
at Franchisor’s cost, to Franchisor to conduct a privacy impact assessment (and any 
related consultations) where required under Data Protection Laws.  
(f)
Franchisee shall, in its capacity as Processor, promptly inform Franchisor of any Personal Data 
transfers of Franchisee outside the EEA.  
(g)
Where Processing is to be carried out on behalf of one of the parties, the other party must 
provide reasonably sufficient guarantees to implement technical and organisational measures 
to meet data protection requirements.  
(h)
Where required, the parties will cooperate in good faith to enter into a data processing 
agreement containing obligations equivalent to those set out in this paragraph 6 of Exhibit H, 
prior to completion of any transfer of Personal Data, that is binding on the party acting as a 
Processor that sets out the Processing of Personal Data and all required information and 
obligations by applicable Data Protection Laws. In so far the data processing agreement applies 
to the Processing of Customer Data by Franchisee in its capacity of a Processor, the conflicting 
provisions in that agreement will not have precedence over the provisions in paragraph 6(e) of 
this Exhibit H.  
(i)
The Processor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Controller against all claims and 
proceedings and all losses reasonably incurred by the Controller (and/or any of its Affiliates) 
as a result of or in connection with any successful claim made or brought by a Data Subject or 
other person in respect of any loss caused to it as a result of or in connection with any breach 
of the Data Protection Laws by the Processor, its employees or agents. 
7.
Information Security and Data Privacy Policy 
Franchisee shall at all times comply, and request that its Affiliates comply, with the Information Security and 
Data Privacy Policy set out at Appendix I to Exhibit H.  
8.
Further Co-operation and Assistance 
(a)
Each party shall co-operate with the other, to the extent reasonably requested, in relation to: 
(i)
any requests from Data Subjects exercising their rights under Data Protection Laws;  
(ii)
any other communication from a Data Subject concerning the Processing of their 
Personal Data; and  
(iii)
any communication from a Supervisory Authority concerning the Processing of 
Personal Data, or compliance with the Data Protection Laws. 
