9
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
6.2.9.
The transferor remains liable for all of the obligations to Franchisor in connection 
with the Franchised Stores that arose prior to the effective date of the transfer and execute any and all 
instruments reasonably requested by Franchisor to evidence such liability;
6.2.10. The transferee (and, if the transferee is not an individual, such Principals of the 
transferee as Franchisor may request) and the transferee’s manager (if applicable) shall, at the transferee’s 
expense, successfully attend and successfully complete any training programs then in effect for operators 
and managers upon such terms and conditions as Franchisor may reasonably require;
6.2.11. Developer pays Franchisor the transfer fees due under each Franchise Agreement 
transferred plus Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000); and/or 
6.2.12. The transferor(s) sign an agreement, in form satisfactory to Franchisor, in which 
the transferor(s) covenants to observe all applicable post-termination obligations. 
Franchisor may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for transfer and 
Franchisor’s consent as described in this Section 6.2, and may do so in an operations Manuals or otherwise 
in writing. 
6.3.
Franchisor’s Right to Transfer.  Franchisor shall have the right, without the need for 
Developer’s consent, to transfer or assign this Agreement and all or any part of its rights or obligations 
herein to any person or legal entity, provided that any such designated assignee shall become solely 
responsible for all of Franchisor’s obligations under this Agreement from the date of assignment.  Upon 
any such transfer or assignment, Franchisor shall be under no further obligation hereunder, except for 
accrued liabilities, if any.  If Franchisor transfers or assigns its rights in this Agreement, nothing herein shall 
be deemed to require Franchisor to remain in the “Gong cha® store” business or to offer or sell any products 
or services to Developer.  In addition, and without limitation to the foregoing, Developer expressly affirms 
and agrees that Franchisor may sell its assets, the Proprietary Marks, Franchisor’s Proprietary Products, or 
the System; may sell Franchisor’s securities in a public offering or in a private placement; may merge, 
acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; and may undertake a refinancing, 
recapitalization, leveraged buy-out, or other economic or financial restructuring. 
6.4.
Public or Private Offerings.  All materials required for any offering of securities or 
partnership interests in Developer by any applicable law shall be submitted to Franchisor by the offeror for 
review prior to filing with any government agency; and any materials to be used in any exempt offering 
shall be submitted to Franchisor for review prior to their use.  No offering shall imply, by use of the 
Proprietary Marks or otherwise, that Franchisor is participating in an underwriting, issuance, or offering of 
securities of either Developer or Franchisor; and Franchisor’s review of any offering shall be limited solely 
to the subject of the relationship between Developer and Franchisor.  At its option, Franchisor may require 
the offering materials to contain written statements or disclaimers prescribed by Franchisor including any 
limitations stated above in this Section 6.4.  Developer and any other participants in the offering must fully 
indemnify Franchisor in connection with the offering.  For each proposed offering, Developer shall 
reimburse Franchisor for its actual costs and expenses associated with reviewing the proposed offering 
materials, including legal and accounting fees.  Developer shall give Franchisor written notice at least sixty 
(60) days prior to the date of commencement of any offering or other transaction covered by this 
Section 6.4.  Any such offering shall be subject to Franchisor’s prior written consent and right of first refusal 
as provided in Section 6.5. 
6.5.
Franchisor’s Right of First Refusal.  If Developer or any Principal desires to accept any 
bona fide offer from a third party to purchase Developer, any material asset of Developer, or any direct or 
indirect interest in Developer, Developer or such Principal shall promptly notify Franchisor, and shall 
