9 
or payment herein, resulting in an overpayment from Franchisee to Franchisor, such miscalculation shall 
not be considered a breach under this Agreement. Franchisor agrees that in such event it will promptly 
provide Franchisee with a credit of any overpaid amount resulting from any such miscalculation. 
4.4
Advertising Contributions. Franchisee shall make Weekly advertising contributions for 
marketing and promotion as Franchisor may direct pursuant to Section 13.1 based on the Net Sales of the 
Franchised Store payable in accordance with Section 4.5. 
4.5
[When Payments Are Due. 
4.5.1
All payments required by Sections 4.3 and 4.4 based on the Net Sales for the 
preceding Week, and the Sales Report required by Section 4.3 for the Net Sales for the preceding Week, 
shall be paid and submitted to be received by Franchisor by the third (3rd) Business Day after the close of 
each Week. Franchisee shall deliver to Franchisor any and all reports, statements and/or other information 
required under Section 12.2, at the time and in the format reasonably requested by Franchisor. 
4.5.2
Franchisee shall establish an arrangement for electronic funds transfer or deposit 
of any and all payments required to be made by Franchisee to Franchisor (or an affiliate of Franchisor) in 
connection with the Franchised Store or under this Agreement or any related agreement. 
4.5.3
Franchisee shall execute Franchisor’s current form of “Authorization Agreement 
for Prearranged Payments,” a copy of which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D, and Franchisee 
shall comply with the payment and reporting procedures specified by Franchisor in the Manuals.  
4.5.4
Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee’s obligations for 
the full and timely payment of (a) the Royalty Fee and advertising contributions shall be absolute, 
unconditional, fully earned, and due upon Franchisee’s generation and receipt of Net Sales, and (b) all 
other amounts owed to Franchisor (or an affiliate of Franchisor) in connection with the Franchised Store 
or provided for in this Agreement or related agreement shall be absolute, unconditional, fully earned, and 
due immediately upon demand. 
4.5.5
Franchisee shall not for any reason delay or withhold the payment of all or any 
part of those or any other payments due hereunder, put the same in escrow or set-off the same against any 
claims or alleged claims Franchisee may allege against Franchisor, the Brand Marketing Fund, the 
Cooperative Ad Fund or others. Franchisee shall not, on grounds of any alleged non-performance by 
Franchisor or others, withhold payment of any fee, including Royalty Fees or advertising contributions, 
nor withhold or delay submission of any reports due hereunder including Sales Reports. 
4.5.6
Franchisee further agrees that it shall, at all times throughout the term of this 
Agreement, maintain a minimum balance of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) in Franchisee’s 
bank account against which such electronic funds transfers shall be drawn for the Franchised Store 
operated under this Agreement. 
4.6
Designated Accountants and Fees. If required by Franchisor, Franchisee shall use a 
certified public accountant service designated or approved by Franchisor for bookkeeping and financial 
records management of the Franchised Store. Franchisee shall pay such service provider or Franchisor, as 
directed by Franchisor, a fee for these services for each month in such reasonable amount as the service 
provider or Franchisor may periodically designate. 
4.7
Additional Payments. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, within fifteen (15) days of any 
written request by Franchisor, which is accompanied by reasonable substantiating material, any monies 
which Franchisor has paid, or has become obligated to pay, on behalf of Franchisee, by consent or otherwise 
