11
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
7.1.5.
Developer must provide Franchisor copies of all Authorizing Documents and any 
other documents, agreements or resolutions Franchisor requests in writing; 
7.1.6.
The names of the Principals are accurately stated on the Guaranty Agreement 
attached hereto as Attachment B; and
7.1.7.
At all times, Developer will maintain a current schedule of the Principals and their 
ownership interests (including the Principals’ names, address and telephone numbers) and will immediately 
provide Franchisor with an updated ownership schedule if there is any change in ownership. 
7.2.
During the Agreement Term.  Developer specifically acknowledges that, pursuant to this 
Agreement, Developer will receive valuable, specialized training and Confidential Information, including 
information regarding the operational, sales, promotional, and marketing methods and techniques of 
Franchisor and the System.  Developer covenants that during the Term of this Agreement, except as 
otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Developer shall not, either directly or indirectly, in any 
capacity (whether for itself, as a member, shareholder, director, employee, agent, partner, joint venture 
participant, master franchisor, franchisee, adviser, consultant, or any other equivalent capacity, or through, 
on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person or legal entity): 
7.2.1.
Divert or attempt to divert any present or prospective business or customer of any 
Gong cha® store to any competitor, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly 
or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks 
and the System; and/or 
7.2.2.
Own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, provide any assistance to, or 
have any more than a one percent (1%) interest in (as owner or otherwise) any Competitive Business.  
Developer acknowledges and agrees that Developer shall be considered in default under this Agreement 
and that this Agreement will be subject to termination as provided in Section 8, in the event that a person 
in Developer’s (or, if Developer is not an individual, each Principal that is subject to these covenants’) 
immediate family (including spouse, domestic partner, parent or child) engages in a Competitive Business 
that would violate this Section 7.2.2 if such person was subject to the covenants of this Section 7.2.2.  
7.3.
After the Agreement and After a Transfer.  Developer covenants that, except as 
Franchisor otherwise approves in writing, for a continuous uninterrupted period of two (2) years 
commencing upon the date of: (a) a transfer permitted under Section 6; (b) expiration of this Agreement; 
(c) termination of this Agreement (regardless of the cause for termination); (d) a final order of a duly 
authorized arbitrator, panel of arbitrators, or a court of competent jurisdiction (after all appeals have been 
taken) with respect to any of the foregoing or with respect to enforcement of this Section 7.3; or (e) any or 
all of the foregoing: 
7.3.1.
Developer shall not either directly or indirectly, in any capacity (whether for itself, 
as a member, shareholder, director, employee, agent, partner, joint venture participant, master franchisor, 
franchisee, adviser, consultant, or any other equivalent capacity, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction 
with any person or legal entity), own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, provide assistance to, 
or have any interest in (as owner or otherwise) any Competitive Business that is located in the Development 
Area or within a five (5) mile radius of any other Gong cha® store; and 
7.3.2.
Developer shall not sublease, assign, or sell Developer’s interest in any lease or 
sublease related to, or assets of, any Franchised Store to a third party for the operation of any Competitive 
Business, or otherwise arrange or assist in arranging for the operation by a third party of a Competitive 
Business. 
