4 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
until it changed to its current name on July 1, 2020.  GCI’s principal business address is No. 1685, 
Huaxia Rd., Zuoying Dist., Kaohsiung City 813031, Taiwan (R.O.C). 
To facilitate its global expansion beyond the Asian markets, the new Gong Cha group elected to 
centralize certain management and strategic functions, along with key assets, in the United 
Kingdom.  Accordingly, on July 1, 2020, GCI sold certain of its intellectual property (“IP”) to 
GCG, including GCI’s rights and obligations under its master franchise agreements and other 
franchise agreements, and GCI’s trademarks, service marks, logos, designs and identifying 
slogans, including the Marks, for an agreed upon price to be paid pursuant to a promissory note 
between the parties (the “Restructuring”).  GCI also assigned to GCG the master franchise 
agreements, including the US master franchise agreements.  Following the Restructuring, GCG 
has served as the global franchisor of the Gong cha® system outside the United States since July 
2020.  In addition, GCG offered and sold Gong cha® master franchises in the United States from 
July 2020 to April 2023, and Gong cha® unit franchises in the United States from September 2022 
to April 2023. 
Following the Restructuring, GCI remained GCG’s affiliate and continued to sell products 
(including raw materials) to GCG.  GCI also continued to provide certain management/operational 
services to GCG.  In addition, as part of the Restructuring, GCG entered into a master franchising 
agreement with GCI to allow it to serve as the Gong cha® master franchisee in Taiwan, and to 
continue to directly operate its then existing Gong cha® stores in Taiwan and to support and sell 
products to the then existing Gong cha® stores owned and operated by its subfranchisees in 
Taiwan.  GCI entered into a master franchise agreement on July 18, 2023 with a third-party master 
franchisee in Taiwan and assigned its rights under all existing subfranchise agreements to the third-
party master franchisee.  Thus, as of December 31, 2024, there were no Gong cha® stores operated 
by GCI directly or by GCI’s subfranchisees in Taiwan.  
To further support the planned expansion in the United States, as of May 1, 2023, the Gong Cha 
group implemented a corporate US restructuring (the “US Restructuring”).  As part of the US 
Restructuring, we were formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of GCA to act as the new US 
franchisor, and Gong cha USA Product Supplier, LLC (“GCPS”) was formed as a wholly owned 
subsidiary of GCA to act as the new US Product supplier.  Additional information about GCPS is 
disclosed in the affiliate section below.  Under an assignment agreement between GCG and us, 
effective May 1, 2023, as amended, GCG assigned all US master franchise agreements to us, as 
well as the unit franchise agreements GCG entered with its affiliates GCIL (as defined below).  
Following the US Restructuring, GCG continues to own the intellectual property and proprietary 
rights relating to the System, including the Proprietary Marks (collectively, the “IP Rights”).  
However, GCG has entered into an IP License Agreement with us, effective May 1, 2023, as 
amended (the “License Agreement”), under which GCG has granted to us, for an ongoing license 
and royalty fee, the exclusive right to use, and license the right to use, GCG’s IP Rights in the 
United States and to, among other things, offer and sell Gong cha® master, multi-unit and unit 
franchises, operate Gong cha® stores, and provide support and coordinate the distribution of 
Products and other items to US master franchisees and Gong cha® stores.  In addition, GCG also 
has entered into a “Services Agreement” with us, effective May 1, 2023, under which we have 
agreed, for an ongoing service fee, to provide certain services relating to the growth and 
maintenance of the Gong cha® system in the United States. 
