5
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
2.5.6.1. Except as provided in Section 2.5.6.2., and provided that Developer is in 
compliance with this Agreement and any other agreement with Franchisor, Franchisor will offer to 
Developer the option to purchase and operate, as a Franchised Store, an Acquired Business that is 
purchased by Franchisor for operation by Franchisor or its affiliates.  Franchisor will provide 
Developer with written notice of Franchisor’s purchase of the Acquired Business(es), the terms and 
conditions applicable to Developer’s option to purchase such Acquired Business(es), and such other 
information that Franchisor deems necessary to include in the notice.  The terms and conditions 
offered to Developer will include the following: (a) the purchase price will be based on Franchisor’s 
purchase price for such Acquired Business, and if the Acquired Business was part of an Acquired 
System (as defined below in Section 2.5.6.2), then Developer’s purchase price for such Acquired 
Business shall be determined using a ratio equal to the sales during the prior year of such Acquired 
Business as compared to the total sales in such prior years of all Acquired Businesses purchased by 
Franchisor in the same transaction or other industry valuation mechanism determined by 
Franchisor; and (b) the requirement that Developer enter into Franchisor’s then-current form of 
franchise agreement for the Acquired Business.  If Developer does not elect to purchase, or fail to 
complete the purchase of, an Acquired Business, Franchisor will have the right to operate itself, or 
through its affiliates or third party licensees or franchisees, the Acquired Business under any trade 
name, service mark, or trademarks including the Proprietary Marks.  For the purposes of this 
Section 2.5.6.1, Franchisor shall assume that Developer does not wish to elect to purchase an 
Acquired Business if such purchase is not completed within 7 Business Days of the offer to 
purchase and operate the Acquired Business. 
2.5.6.2. If an Acquired Business is part of a system of retail businesses that 
Franchisor acquires (an “Acquired System”), Developer will have no right to purchase, and 
Franchisor will not be obligated to offer Developer any option to purchase, any Acquired Business 
that is operated by a licensee or franchisee under the Acquired System.  Franchisor may license 
such Acquired Business to be operated under any trade name or trademarks including the 
Proprietary Marks, and may also license to the licensee or franchisee additional units of the 
Acquired System that the licensee or franchisee has the right to develop and operate within the 
Development Area. 
3.
GRANT OF FRANCHISES TO DEVELOPER 
Subject to Developer’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and each 
Franchise Agreement entered into between Franchisor and Developer for individual Franchised Stores, 
Franchisor agrees to grant franchises to Developer to operate Franchised Stores located in the Development 
Area in accordance with the Development Schedule, under the following terms: 
3.1.
Site Selection.  Developer is solely responsible for securing Franchisor’s acceptance of the 
site for each Franchised Store, as further described in each Franchise Agreement.  Developer must submit 
to Franchisor a complete site approval package (containing any information that Franchisor may require) 
for each proposed Franchised Store premises.  Franchisor will notify Developer in writing within twenty 
(20) Business Days after Franchisor receives Developer’s complete site evaluation information and other 
materials Franchisor requests whether or not Franchisor accepts the proposed Franchised Store premises. 
3.2.
Site Acquisition.  Following Franchisor’s approval of a proposed site, Developer shall use 
its best efforts to secure such site, either through a lease/sublease that is acceptable to Franchisor, or through 
a binding purchase agreement, in accordance with lease terms included as Attachment C, and shall do so 
within sixty (60) Business Days of Franchisor’s approval of the site.  Developer must immediately notify 
Franchisor of the execution of the approved lease or binding purchase agreement. 
