7 
3.
DUTIES OF FRANCHISOR
3.1
Franchisor’s Plans. Franchisor shall make available to Franchisee, design plans and 
specifications for the construction of a Gong Cha Store and for the exterior and interior design and layout, 
fixtures, furnishings, equipment, and signs. Franchisee acknowledges that such standard design plans and 
specifications shall not contain the requirements of any applicable law, code, or regulation, nor shall such 
plans contain the requirements of, or be used for, construction drawings or other documentation necessary 
to obtain permits or authorization to build a specific Gong Cha Store, compliance with all of which shall 
be Franchisee’s responsibility and at Franchisee’s expense. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that 
Franchisor has the right to modify the prototype design plans and specifications, and develop additional 
prototype design plans and specifications, as Franchisor deems appropriate from time to time (however 
Franchisor will not modify the prototype plans and specifications for the Franchised Store developed 
pursuant to this Agreement once those prototype architectural plans and specifications have been given to 
Franchisee). Franchisee shall adapt the standard plans to the Franchised Store’s location, as provided in 
Section 5.4 hereof, subject to Franchisor’s approval. 
3.2
Initial Training. Franchisor shall provide its initial training for operators and managers 
(“Initial Training”), as described in Section 6.1 of this Agreement, for up to three (3) trainees, in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion, unless this Agreement is for the fourth (4th) or subsequent Gong Cha Store 
being developed pursuant to an Area Development Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee (or an 
affiliate of Franchisee), in which event the terms set forth in Section 6.1.2 shall apply with respect to 
the pre-opening training of Franchisee, the Designated Principal and any General Manager. Franchisor 
shall also provide such ongoing training as it may, from time to time, deem appropriate. 
3.3
Opening Training. Franchisor shall make available to Franchisee at Franchisor’s expense 
and at Franchisee’s Premises any assistance in pre-opening, opening and initial business operation of the 
Franchised Store including providing Franchisees with the services of one (1) or more representative of 
Franchisor for supervisory assistance and guidance in connection with the opening and initial operations of 
the Franchised Store, as Franchisor deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. Franchisee acknowledges that 
Franchisor shall not be responsible for offering guidance with respect to compliance with any laws, 
ordinances, or other legal matters. Prior to the arrival of Franchisor’s representative(s), Franchisee shall 
have substantially completed all training of Franchisee’s initial staff for the Franchised Store, as shall be 
necessary for Franchisee to comply with its staffing obligations under Section 8.4. Should Franchisee 
request additional assistance from Franchisor in order to facilitate the opening of the Franchised Store, and 
should Franchisor deem it necessary and appropriate to comply with the request, Franchisee shall pay 
Franchisor’s per diem charges and Franchisor’s out of pocket expenses in providing such additional 
assistance as set forth from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. For the purposes of this 
Section 3.3, Franchisor shall have the right to determine the time or times at which such representatives 
shall be made available to Franchisee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Agreement is for the second 
(2nd) or subsequent Gong Cha Store being developed by Franchisee pursuant to an Area Development 
Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee (or an affiliate of Franchisee) or otherwise, then Franchisee 
shall be responsible for conducting opening training, and Franchisor shall not be responsible for providing 
assistance to Franchisee with respect to pre-opening, opening and initial business operation at Franchisee’s 
Premises. 
3.4
Loan of Manuals. Franchisor shall provide Franchisee, on loan, copies of Franchisor’s 
confidential operations manuals and other manuals, instructional materials, and written policies and 
correspondence (collectively, and as may be updated by Franchisor or its affiliates from time to time, the 
“Manuals”), as more fully described in Section 10 hereof. 
3.5
Advertising Programs and Materials. Franchisor shall review and shall have the right to 
approve or disapprove all advertising and promotional materials that Franchisee proposes to use, pursuant 
to Section 13. Franchisor shall administer the System or Cooperative Ad Funds, if such funds exist or are 
created, in the manner set forth in Section 13. 
