52 
creditor, to occur against the Premises of the Franchised Store, or any improvements thereon. 
20.3
Compliance with Laws.  
20.3.1
Franchisee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and shall 
timely obtain any and all permits, certificates, or licenses necessary for the full and proper conduct of the 
Franchised Store, including licenses to do business, fictitious name registrations, sales tax permits, and fire 
clearances. 
20.3.2
Franchisee shall, on Franchisor’s or its affiliates’ request, assist Franchisor 
and/or its affiliates to obtain and maintain, all licences, permits, approvals and registrations necessary under 
applicable laws relating to the arrangements contemplated under this Agreement. 
20.3.3
Franchisee shall provide such assistance as may be requested by Franchisor for 
Franchisor and its affiliates to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including any applicable 
reporting requirements.  
21.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION
21.1
No Fiduciary Relationship. Franchisee is an independent contractor. Franchisor and 
Franchisee are completely separate entities and are not fiduciaries, partners, joint venturers, or agents of the 
other in any sense and neither shall have the power to bind the other. No act or assistance given by either 
party to the other pursuant to this Agreement shall be construed to alter the relationship. Franchisee shall 
be solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations (including laws and 
regulations, rules, by-laws, orders and ordinances relating to health and safety, the conduct of the Franchised 
Stores and the management of its employees), and for Franchisee’s policies, practices, and decisions 
relating to the operation of the Franchised Store.  Franchisee shall obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, 
approvals and registrations necessary under applicable laws and regulations for the conduct of the 
Franchised Store, including filing any regulatory reports.  All costs attributable to such compliance shall be 
borne by Franchisee. 
21.2
Public Notice. During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall hold itself out to the 
public as an independent contractor operating the Franchised Store pursuant to a franchise agreement from 
Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to take such action as may be necessary to do so, including exhibiting a notice 
of that fact in a conspicuous place at the Premises, the content of which Franchisor reserves the right to 
specify, including language identifying Franchisee as an independent business in all dealings with 
customers, employees, suppliers and others. 
21.3
No Assumption of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement authorizes Franchisee to make 
any contract, agreement, warranty, or representation on the behalf of Franchisor or its affiliates, or to incur 
any debt or other obligation in the name of Franchisor or its affiliates; and Franchisor and its affiliates shall 
in no event assume liability for, or be deemed liable hereunder as a result of, any such action; nor shall 
Franchisor and/or its affiliates be liable by reason of any act or omission of Franchisee in its operation of 
the Franchised Store or for any claim or judgment arising therefrom against Franchisee or Franchisor or its 
affiliates. 
21.4
Indemnification. 
21.4.1
Franchisee must defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Franchisor and its 
affiliates, and each of its and their respective successors and assigns, and each of its and their respective 
direct and indirect owners, entities under the same ultimate ownership as Franchisor and Franchisor’s and 
their directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, and representatives (each an 
“Indemnified Party” and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), from and against all Losses (defined 
below) which any of the Indemnified Parties may suffer, sustain, or incur as a result of a claim asserted or 
