32 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Obligation 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (FA) or Area 
Development Agreement 
(ADA) 
Disclosure Document 
Item
x.  Dispute resolution 
Sections 28.2 and 28.3 of 
FA 
Item 17 
Section 7.5 and 14 of ADA 
 
y.  Other: Guaranty of franchise obligations 
(Note 1) 
Exhibit C of FA 
Item 15 
Attachment C of ADA 
Note 1. 
Each Principal must sign a personal guarantee of all the obligations of the 
franchisee under the FA or ADA.  This guarantee also includes an agreement to be 
bound by the confidentiality and noncompete provisions of the FA or ADA.  
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
Our parent company, GCA, offers financing to franchisees for the intelligent beverage maker 
described in Item 7, Note 6. If you choose to use GCA’s financing, GCA will require that you 
execute a standard form purchase agreement. GCA will finance 70% of the total cost of the 
intelligent beverage maker on a 6- or 12-month financing term at 10% interest (expressed on an 
annual basis). The purchase agreement will require a 30% downpayment with the remainder of the 
amount due in equal monthly installments. The purchase agreement can be prepaid without penalty 
at any time during the term. If you do not pay on time, GCA can demand immediate payment of 
the full outstanding balance and obtain court costs and attorney’s fees if collection action is 
necessary. There is no security required under the purchase agreement. You waive your rights to 
notice of a collection action and to assert any defenses to collection against GCA. 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND 
TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Pre-Opening Assistance 
Before you open your Store, we will: 
1.
Provide you with a “search area” in which you must locate your Store (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 1.2 and Exhibit A), assuming you do not have a site for your Store 
that we have approved at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement.   
