21 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
developed during that development year, as further described in Items 5 and 11 and 
Attachment A of the ADA.   
Note 3. 
We will provide our initial training program for up to 3 of your personnel attending 
together as part of the Initial Franchise Fee.  Beyond these first 3 trainees, we may 
charge you our then-current, per person training fee for each additional person to 
whom we provide training, either initially or in the future.  Our current training fee 
is $2,000 per person.  You are responsible, however, for each of your trainees’ 
transportation, lodging, meals, wages, and benefits during our initial training 
program.  The low estimate assumes you have only 2 of your personnel attend the 
initial training program, and that you incur budget travel and accommodation 
expenses.  The high estimate assumes you have 3 of your personnel attend the initial 
training program, and your travel and accommodation expenses are higher. Your 
actual costs will vary depending on the distance to be traveled, your method of 
travel, and your personal circumstances.  Your costs will also be higher if you have 
additional people attend the initial training program, or if you have people attend a 
different training session than the one you attend. 
Note 4. 
You will be required to retain the services of a qualified architect and engineer to 
adapt our standard plans and specifications for Gong cha® stores to the 
requirements of the location of your Store. 
Note 5. 
You will be required to retain the services of a qualified licensed general contractor 
to construct the improvements to, or “build out,” the premises.  These estimates 
assume that the location is a free-standing building approximately 500 to 1,500 
square feet, and includes, at a minimum, a level concrete floor suitable for floor 
covering, air-conditioning, electricity, gas, sewers, bathroom facilities, and water 
and plumbing suitable for a retail business. You will have additional build-out costs 
if you receive the premises in any other condition than what we have assumed.  
Among other things, you will probably need to arrange for the following items to 
meet the standard plans and specifications: proper wiring and plumbing, floor 
covering, wall covering, partitions, lighting and fixtures, storefront modifications, 
painting, cabinetry, and the like.  The range of estimated costs will depend on 
whether the location is a first-generation store site or a second-generation 
store/conversion site, the geographic location; the size of the premises; the 
availability and cost of labor and materials; and the condition of the premises and 
the work that the landlord will do as a result of lease negotiations.  Landlords may, 
instead of constructing or installing some of the improvements itself, provide you 
with credits towards your future rent payments or a tenant improvement allowance.  
These estimates do not account for any rental credits or tenant improvement 
allowance. 
Note 6. 
You must purchase all furniture, fixtures, and equipment (other than the technology 
systems, which are listed separately below), furnishings, interior signage, and 
supplies specified for new Gong cha® stores, including:  coolers and refrigeration 
equipment, preparation tables, serving counters, customer tables, coffee equipment, 
tea equipment, seating, various trade dress and décor items, small wares, and other 
