US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026) 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
(UNIT FRANCHISE PROGRAM) 
GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company 
200 Clarendon St., Suite #5600 
Boston, Massachusetts, 02116 
(775) 799-0070
gongchafranchising.com
We offer unit franchises for the operation of a single store, operated under the “Gong cha®” 
trademark, that primarily offers and sells a variety of bubble tea blends, coffees and teas, 
smoothies, juices, and other related products using proprietary methods of operation.  
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Gong cha® franchise ranges from $184,750 
to $627,060.  This includes $64,250 to $101,700 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliates. 
We also offer multi-unit franchises to qualified franchisees.  Multi-unit franchisees will sign an 
Area Development Agreement (or ADA), which authorizes them to develop multiple Gong cha® 
stores under separate franchise agreements within a specified development area.  Multi-unit 
franchisees pay an upfront development fee to franchisor typically equal to one half of its standard 
initial franchisee fee of $34,500 multiplied by the number of stores to be developed.  The 
development fee is in addition to the standard initial franchise fee due for each store, although 
franchisor will credit a portion of the development fee to reduce the initial franchise fee for each 
store established under the ADA if certain requirements are met.  This disclosure document 
summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other information in plain English.  
Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  You must receive this 
disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make 
any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, 
however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this 
document. 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you.  To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Michael Nedelkovich 
Jr. at 200 Clarendon Street, Suite #5600, Boston, Massachusetts 02116, (775) 799-0070. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to 
Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You can also 
visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or 
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising.  
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them.  
Issuance Date: March 29, 2025, as amended February 18, 2026 
