56 
26.3
No Rights on Third Parties. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, nothing 
in this Agreement is intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than 
Franchisee, Franchisor and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, and 
employees, successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 
26.4
Full Scope of Terms. Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any promise or covenant 
imposing the maximum duty permitted by law which is subsumed within the terms of any provision hereof, 
as though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may result from striking 
from any of the provisions hereof any portion or portions which a court or agency having valid jurisdiction 
may hold to be unreasonable and unenforceable in an unappealed final decision to which Franchisor is a 
party, or from reducing the scope of any promise or covenant to the extent required to comply with such a 
court or agency order. 
26.5
Franchisor’s Application of its Rights. Franchisor and its affiliates, including GCG, shall 
have the right to operate, develop and change the System in any manner that is not specifically precluded 
by this Agreement. Whenever Franchisor has reserved in this Agreement a right and/or discretion to take 
or withhold an action, or is deemed to have a right and/or discretion to take or withhold an action, or a right 
to grant or decline to grant Franchisee a right to take or omit an action, Franchisor may make its decision 
or exercise its rights, on the basis of the information readily available to Franchisor, and in its judgment of 
what is in Franchisor’s best interests and/or in the best interests of Franchisor’s franchise network, at the 
time its decision is made, without regard to whether: (i) other reasonable or even arguably preferable 
alternative decisions could have been made by Franchisor; (ii) the decision or action of Franchisor will 
promote its financial or other individual interests; (iii) Franchisor’s decision or the action it take applies 
differently to Franchisee and one or more other franchisees or Franchisor’s company-owned operations; or 
(iv) Franchisor’s decision or the exercise of its right or discretion is adverse to Franchisee’s interests. In the 
absence of an applicable statute, Franchisor will have no liability to Franchisee for any such decision or 
action. Franchisor and Franchisee intend that the exercise of Franchisor rights or discretion will not be 
subject to limitation or review. If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing in this 
Agreement, Franchisor and Franchisee agree that such covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations 
that are inconsistent with a fair construction of the terms of this Agreement and that this Agreement grants 
Franchisor the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain from taking actions not inconsistent with 
Franchisee’s rights and obligations hereunder. 
26.6
Competition Law and Future Changes.  In the event that Franchisor decides that 
amendments to this Agreement or the arrangements between the parties are necessary to conform with or 
otherwise take account of applicable competition law, or future changes thereto, Franchisee hereby agrees 
to enter into a Supplemental Agreement in a form prescribed by Franchisor to adopt such amendments, 
forthwith on demand. 
27.
APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
27.1
Governing Law. Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. § 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Massachusetts. 
27.2
Non-Binding Mediation. Before any party may bring an action in arbitration or in court 
against the other, the parties must first meet to mediate the dispute (except for controversies, disputes, or 
claims related to or based on improper use of the Proprietary Marks, other intellectual property rights or 
confidential information). Any such mediation shall be non-binding and shall be conducted at a suitable 
location chosen by the mediator, which is within a five (5) mile radius of Franchisor’s then current principal 
place of business, unless Franchisor agrees otherwise in writing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
this Section 27.2 shall not bar either party from obtaining injunctive relief against threatened conduct that 
will cause it loss or damages, under applicable laws, including the applicable laws for obtaining interim 
injunctions, without having to engage in mediation. Mediation hereunder shall be concluded within forty-
