55 
23.3
Compliance with Laws. Franchisee represents and warrants to Franchisor that neither 
Franchisee (including any and all of its employees, directors, officers and other representatives), nor any of 
its affiliates or the funding sources for either is a person or entity designated with whom Franchisor, or any 
of its affiliates, are prohibited by law from transacting business. 
24.
NOTICES
Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be 
personally delivered, sent by registered mail, or by other means which affords the sender evidence of 
delivery, or of rejected delivery, to the respective parties at the addresses shown on the signature page of 
this Agreement, unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other party. 
Any notice by a means which affords the sender evidence of delivery, or rejected delivery, shall be deemed 
to have been given at the date and time of receipt or rejected delivery. 
25.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
Franchisor and Franchisee, and any Principal, each acknowledge and warrant to each other that 
they wish to have all terms of this business relationship defined solely in and by this written Agreement. 
Recognizing the costs on both Franchisor and Franchisee which are uncertain, Franchisor and Franchisee 
each confirm that neither wishes to enter into a business relationship with the other in which any terms or 
obligations are the subject of alleged oral statements or in which oral statements or non-contract writings 
which have been or may in the future be, exchanged between them, serve as the basis for creating rights or 
obligations different than or supplementary to the rights and obligations set forth herein. Accordingly, 
Franchisor and Franchisee agree and promise each other that this Agreement supersedes and cancels any 
prior and/or contemporaneous discussions or writings (whether described as representations, inducements, 
promises, agreements or any other term), between Franchisor or anyone acting on its behalf and Franchisee 
or anyone acting on its behalf, which might be taken to constitute agreements, representations, inducements, 
promises or understandings (or any equivalent to such term) with respect to the rights and obligations of 
Franchisor and Franchisee or the relationship between them. Franchisor and Franchisee agree and promise 
each other that they have placed, and will place, no reliance on any such discussions or writings. In 
accordance with the foregoing, it is understood and acknowledged that this Agreement, the attachments 
hereto, and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire Agreement between Franchisor and 
Franchisee concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior agreements, no other 
representations having induced Franchisee to execute this Agreement. Except for those permitted to be 
made unilaterally by Franchisor hereunder, no amendment, change, or variance from this Agreement shall 
be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the parties and executed by their authorized officers 
or agents in writing. Nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim 
the representations Franchisor made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that Franchisor furnished to 
Franchisee. 
26.
SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION
26.1
Severable Parts. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each portion, section, 
part, term, and/or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any 
section, part, term, and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, 
any existing or future law or regulation by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such shall not impair 
the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such other portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions 
of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible; and the latter shall continue to be given full force 
and effect and bind the parties hereto; and said invalid portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions 
shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement. 
26.2
Terms Surviving this Agreement. Any provision or covenant in this Agreement which 
expressly or by its nature imposes obligations beyond the expiration, termination, or assignment of this 
Agreement (regardless of cause), shall survive such expiration, termination, or assignment. 
