Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
E-1 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT E 
NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-COMPETE 
FOR FRANCHISEE’S EMPLOYEES 
THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made this 
             day of  
,   20      ,   by  and  between   
 (“us” “we” “our” or the 
“Franchisee”),  and   
, an employee of Franchisee (“you” or the 
“Employee”). 
Introduction
Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC (the “Franchisor”) and its affiliates developed and own a format and 
system (the “System”) for establishing, operating, and licensing stores offering tea, coffee and juice, along 
with related products and services, under the name “Gong Cha” (each is referred to as a “Gong Cha Store”).  
Master Franchisor has granted to Franchisor the right to operate, and sublicense to franchisees, the System. 
Franchisor and Franchisee have executed a Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) granting 
Franchisee the right to operate a Gong Cha Store (the “Franchised Store”) under the terms and conditions 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
In connection with starting or continuing your employment with Franchisee, you will be trained by us and 
you will learn of Franchisor’s confidential information and know-how concerning the methods of operation 
of a Gong Cha Store and the System. 
Now, therefore, it is agreed that as a consideration of starting or continuing your employment, as a condition 
to your employment and the compensation that we have paid to you (and/or will pay you after today), you 
acknowledge and agree that you will comply with all of the following obligations: 
1.
Confidential Information. You agree that you will not, at any time (whether during or after your 
time of employment with us), communicate or divulge Confidential Information to any Person, and that 
you will not use Confidential Information for your own benefit or for the benefit of any other Person. For 
the avoidance of doubt, you may not use Confidential Information for the purpose of machine learning, 
augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm 
improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without the express written consent of Franchisee and 
Franchisor. Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of the Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  You shall not, without prior written consent by Franchisee and 
Franchisor, input any confidential information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information 
to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You shall opt out of allowing any provider or source 
of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training of any AI model or for other purposes.   
2.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms are agreed to have the following 
meanings: 
a.
The term “Confidential Information” means any information, knowledge, or know-how 
concerning the methods of operation of the Franchised Store and the System that you may learn of or that 
otherwise becomes known to you during the time of your employment with us (whether or not the 
Franchisor or we have specifically designated that information as “confidential”). Confidential Information 
may include, among other things, operational, sales, promotional, marketing, and administrative methods, 
procedures, and techniques. However, Confidential Information does not include information that you can 
show came to your attention before it was disclosed to you by us or Franchisor; and Confidential 
Information also does not include information that, at or after the time when we disclosed it to you, is a part 
of the public domain through no act on your part or through publication or communication by other Persons 
