33 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
2.
Provide general guidelines to you for the selection of a site for your Store and review any 
proposed sites you select (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.1). 
3.
Review your lease for the Site for the Store for compliance with the requirements of the 
Franchise Agreement (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.2). 
4. 
Provide you with a sample layout for the interior of a typical Gong cha® store, including 
décor specifications (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.1). 
5. 
At our option, provide you with a website listing on our or our affiliate’s website for your 
Store (Franchise Agreement – Section 7.6). 
6. 
Provide the Initial Training Program (Franchise Agreement – Sections 3.2 and 6.1). 
7. 
For your first Gong cha® store, make available one or more representatives to provide on-
site opening support for the Store, as we deem is required. (Franchise Agreement – Section 
3.3). 
8. 
Provide you with assistance in developing and conducting the Grand Opening Advertising 
Program (Franchise Agreement – Sections 3.6 and 13.5). 
9. 
Loan you a copy of our confidential operations manuals and other manuals, instructional 
materials, and written policies and correspondence (collectively, and as may be 
periodically updated by us or our affiliates, the “Manuals”) (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 3.4 and 10.4).  As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, our Manuals 
contain 151 pages.  A copy of the table of contents of our Manuals is attached to this 
disclosure document as Exhibit C.   
10. 
Provide you with a list of the approved suppliers for certain equipment, supplies, inventory, 
and services for your Store (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.9).   
11. 
Sell to you, either directly or through an affiliate, certain initial supplies and inventory 
(Franchise Agreement – Sections 8.7 and 8.8). 
12. 
Grant you the right to establish a specific number of Gong cha® stores within the 
Development Area if you sign an ADA (Area Development Agreement – Section 2). 
Post-Opening Assistance 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we will: 
1. 
Provide periodic advice or offer guidance in marketing, management and operation of the 
Store in the manner determined by us (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.7).   
2. 
Provide additional optional training at your request and expense and additional required 
training at your expense as we may require (Franchise Agreement – Sections 6.4 and 6.7).  
