Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-10 
5.
Data Security And Privacy Program 
Franchisee shall maintain a comprehensive written and evidenced data security, and data privacy 
program to ensure reasonable measures consistent with policies outlined in this Appendix I, are used 
to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Confidential Information and Personal 
Information. Such programs should be included in a broader risk management program to address 
enterprise, operational, and vendor risks.  
6.
Right To Audit  
Franchisor reserves the right, with reasonable notice, to audit and inspect Franchisee data security and 
data privacy program, risk management program, supplier management program, and security 
services. Upon request, Franchisee shall make available documentation sufficient to demonstrate 
compliance with all requirements outlined in this Policy. Such documentation will include a copy of 
all third-party certifications and or audits in their then-most-current form, that relate to Franchisee’s 
compliance with data security, data privacy, or information security requirements. 
7.
Payment Card Data Security 
Where Franchisee is responsible for processing, storing and or transmitting Payment Card Data (credit 
or debit card data), Franchisee shall ensure that Franchisee or third-parties providing payment card 
services on behalf of the Franchisee, is and shall continuously remain fully compliant with all 
applicable local laws and regulations including, but not limited to the payment card data security and 
compliance requirements as required by the merchant bank, acquiring bank or payment card 
agreement. 
8.
User Access And Password Security 
8.1
Authentication  
Franchisee systems shall utilize industry accepted sign-on requirements, including Multifactor 
Authentication (MFA) and Single Sign-On (SSO). Franchisee shall implement remote access controls 
to authenticate all users, limit activity to required system resources and data, audit log activity while 
on the network, and connections are encrypted.  
8.2
Password  
Franchisee systems and platforms shall be secured with passwords. Franchisee shall implement 
technical and organizational controls for password configurations and management that meet or 
exceed widely accepted industry requirements. Franchisee shall change all default vendor supplied 
passwords. Passwords must be used to authenticate the identity of the user prior to accessing the 
information asset. User account passwords must be changed during the first login session and 
whenever a password is reset by anyone other than the user. 
8.3
User Accounts  
Franchisee user accounts shall be created and revoked through a standard approval process. User 
accounts uniquely assigned to individuals shall not be shared. User accounts used on devices such as 
routers, switches, and firewalls etc., shall be unique to each restaurant. User accounts shall be 
identified as privileged, restaurant, service, or user. Default user accounts shall be identified and 
