21 
product (including any Product), Franchisee shall use the transportation or distribution supplier designated 
by Franchisor for the delivery of such Product, which transportation or distribution supplier may be 
Franchisor or an affiliate. 
8.7.1
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Franchisee shall 
purchase all of its requirements for Proprietary Products from Franchisor or its affiliates, as set forth in 
Section 8.8 (through such distributor or distributors as Franchisor may designate). Franchisor shall have 
the right to introduce additional, substitute new, or discontinue Proprietary Products from time to time. 
8.7.2
If Franchisee desires to purchase any Products (except for Proprietary Products) 
or other items, equipment, supplies, services from suppliers other than those previously designated or 
approved by Franchisor, Franchisee must first submit to Franchisor a written request for authorization to 
purchase such items. Franchisee shall not purchase from any Supplier until, and unless, such Supplier has 
been approved in writing by Franchisor. Franchisor may deny such approval for any reason, including its 
determination to limit the number of approved Suppliers. Franchisee must submit to Franchisor such 
information and samples as Franchisor may reasonably require, and Franchisor shall have the right to 
require periodically that its representatives be permitted to inspect such items and/or Supplier’s facilities, 
and that samples from the proposed Supplier, or of the proposed items, be delivered for evaluation and 
testing either to Franchisor or to an independent testing facility designated by Franchisor. Permission for 
such inspections shall be a condition of the initial and continued approval of such Supplier. A charge not 
to exceed the reasonable cost of the evaluation and testing shall be paid by Franchisee. Franchisor may 
also require that the Supplier comply with such other requirements as Franchisor may deem appropriate, 
including payment of reasonable continuing inspection fees and administrative costs, or other payment to 
Franchisor by the Supplier on account of their dealings with Franchisee or other franchisees. 
8.7.3
Franchisor reserves the right, at its option, to re-inspect from time to time the 
facilities and products of any such approved Supplier and to revoke its approval upon the Supplier’s failure 
to continue to meet any of Franchisor’s then-current criteria. Upon receipt of written notice of such 
revocation, Franchisee shall cease to sell or use any disapproved item, Products and/or cease to purchase 
from any disapproved Supplier. 
8.7.4
Nothing in the foregoing shall be construed to require Franchisor to approve any 
particular Supplier, nor to require Franchisor to make available to prospective Suppliers, standards for 
approval and/or specifications for formulas, which Franchisor shall have the right to deem confidential. 
8.7.5
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that, at Franchisor’s sole option, Franchisor may establish one or 
more strategic alliances or preferred vendor programs with one or more nationally or regionally known 
Suppliers who are willing to supply all or some Gong Cha Stores with some or all of the products and/or 
services that Franchisor requires for use and/or sale in the development and/or operation of Gong Cha 
Stores. In this event, Franchisor may limit the number of approved Suppliers with whom Franchisee may 
deal, designate sources that Franchisee must use for some or all Products and other products and services, 
and/or refuse any of Franchisee’s requests for approval if Franchisor believes that this action is in the best 
interest of the System or the franchised network of Gong Cha Stores. Franchisor shall have unlimited 
discretion to approve or disapprove of the Suppliers who may be permitted to sell Products to Franchisee.   
8.7.6
Franchisor and its affiliates may receive payments or other compensation from 
Suppliers on account of such Suppliers’ dealings with Franchisee and other franchisees; and Franchisor 
may use all amounts so received for any purpose Franchisor and its affiliates deem appropriate. 
8.7.7
Franchisee must at all times pay Franchisor (or its affiliates) and Suppliers for 
any and all items and Products it purchases in connection with the Franchised Store promptly as the debts 
and obligations to such persons become due. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
Franchisee shall pay Franchisor (or its affiliates) for any and all items and Products it purchases from them 
