13
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
within which to remedy any default hereunder, and to provide evidence thereof to Franchisor.  If Developer 
fails to correct the alleged default within that time, this Agreement will terminate without further notice to 
Developer effective immediately when the thirty (30)-day period, or such longer period as applicable law may 
require, expires.  Developer will have ten (10) days after Developer’s receipt from Franchisor of a written 
notice of default, or such longer period as applicable law may require, to remedy any default under 
Sections 8.1(b) or 8.1(f) and to provide evidence thereof to Franchisor.  If Developer fails to correct the alleged 
default within that time, this Agreement will terminate without further notice to Developer, effective 
immediately when the ten (10)-day period expires, or such longer period as applicable law may require.  
Franchisor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon delivery of written notice to Developer, with no 
opportunity to cure, if the termination results from any of the following: (1) Developer causes any of the 
Additional Termination Triggers described in Clause 8(a) or (b) of Attachment A of this Agreement to apply; 
(2) Developer fails to comply with one (1) or more material requirements under this Agreement on three (3) 
separate occasions within any twelve (12)-month period; (3) the nature of Developer’s breach makes it not 
curable; or (4) any default under Section 8.1(g) through 8.1(q).  
8.3.
Expiration or Termination of IP License Agreement. In the event that the IP License 
Agreement between Franchisor and GCG expires or is terminated, for any reason whatsoever, this 
Agreement shall terminate automatically unless GCG elects at its sole discretion to allow Developer to 
continue to operate under the terms of this Agreement, in which case Developer shall do all such things as 
may be required to assign and novate this Agreement to GCG or its designee in place of Franchisor. 
Developer expressly waives any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to termination or 
expiration of the IP License Agreement and/or termination of this Agreement including any claim of breach 
of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing. 
8.4.
Applicable Law.  If the provisions of this Section 8 are inconsistent with applicable law, the 
applicable law will apply. 
9.
RIGHTS TO DEVELOP FRANCHISED STORES ON TERMINATION  
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Developer has no right to establish or operate 
any individual Franchised Store for which an individual Franchise Agreement has not been executed by 
Franchisor and delivered to Developer at the time of termination.  Franchisor may establish, and to license 
others to establish, Franchised Stores in the Development Area, except as may be otherwise provided under 
any other agreement which has been executed between Developer and Franchisor. 
10.
DEVELOPER’S OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION 
10.1.
Post-Term Duties.  If this Agreement expires or is terminated, Developer will: 
10.1.1.
immediately cease using Confidential Information and return to Franchisor all 
documents in Developer’s possession that contain Confidential Information; and 
10.1.2.
comply with all other applicable provisions of this Agreement, including the 
non-compete provisions. 
10.2.
Continuing Obligations.  All obligations of Franchisor and Developer which expressly or 
by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect 
following its expiration or termination and until they are satisfied or expire. 
