60 
Commission entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising”, otherwise 
known as the franchise disclosure document (“Franchise Disclosure Document” or “FDD”), at least 
fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed or any payment by 
Franchisee for the franchise rights granted under this Agreement. Franchisee further acknowledges that 
prior to receiving Franchisor’s FDD, Franchisor advised Franchisee of the formats in which the FDD is 
made available, and any conditions necessary for reviewing the FDD in a particular format. 
28.3
Franchisee Had Opportunity to Read Agreement and Consult.
Franchisee 
acknowledges that it has read and understood Franchisor’s FDD and this Agreement, the attachments 
hereto, and agreements relating thereto, if any.  In addition, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it and 
its Principals are informed investors, and that Franchisor has accorded Franchisee ample time and 
opportunity to consult with advisors of Franchisee’s own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of 
entering into this Agreement. 
28.4
Franchisee’s Responsibility for Operation of Business. Although Franchisor retains the 
right to establish and periodically modify System standards, which Franchisee has agreed to maintain in the 
operation of the Franchised Store, Franchisee retains the right and sole responsibility for the day-to-day 
management and operation of the Franchised Store and the implementation and maintenance of System 
standards at the Franchised Store. Franchisee acknowledges that it is solely responsible for all aspects of 
the Franchised Store’s operations, including employee and human resources matters. Franchisee further 
acknowledges that any controls implemented by Franchisor are for the protection of the System and the 
Proprietary Marks and not to exercise any control over the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Store. 
28.5
Sole and Exclusive Employer. 
28.5.1
Franchisee hereby irrevocably acknowledges, affirms, attests and covenants that 
Franchisee’s employees are employed exclusively by Franchisee and in no fashion are any such employees 
employed, jointly employed or co-employed by Franchisor. Franchisee further acknowledges, affirms and 
attests that each of Franchisee’s employees is under Franchisee’s exclusive dominion and control and 
never under Franchisor’s direct or indirect control in any fashion whatsoever. Franchisee alone hires each 
of Franchisee’s employees; sets their schedules; establishes their compensation rates; and pays all salaries, 
benefits and employment-related liabilities (such as workers’ compensation insurance premiums/payroll 
taxes/ unemployment insurance premiums). Franchisee alone has the ability to discipline or terminate 
Franchisee’s employees to the exclusion of Franchisor, and Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has 
no such authority or ability. Franchisee further acknowledges, attests and affirms that any minimum 
staffing requirements established by Franchisor are solely for the purpose of ensuring that the Franchised 
Store is at all times staffed at those levels necessary to operate the Franchised Store in conformity with the 
System and other Gong Cha Store brand attributes known to and desired by the consuming public and 
associated with the Proprietary Marks. Franchisee acknowledges, affirms, warrants and understands that 
Franchisee may staff the Franchised Store with as many employees as Franchisee desires at any time so 
long as Franchisor’s minimal staffing levels are achieved. Franchisee also acknowledges, affirms and 
attests that any recommendations Franchisee may receive from Franchisor regarding salaries, hourly 
wages or other compensation for employees are recommendations only, and that Franchisee is entirely 
free to disregard Franchisor’s recommendations regarding such employee compensation. Moreover, 
Franchisee acknowledges, affirms and attests that any training provided by Franchisor to Franchisee’s 
employees is for the purpose of imparting critical System and brand information to those employees, and 
in no fashion reflects any employment relationship between Franchisor and such employees. Finally, 
should it ever be asserted that Franchisor is the employer, joint employer or co-employer of any of 
Franchisee’s employees in any private or government investigation, action, proceeding, arbitration or other 
setting, Franchisee irrevocably agrees to assist Franchisor in defending such allegations, including (if 
necessary) appearing at any venue requested by Franchisor to testify on Franchisor’s behalf (and, as may 
be necessary, submitting to depositions, other appearances and/or preparing affidavits dismissive of any 
allegation that Franchisor is the employer, joint employer or co-employer of any of Franchisee’s 
employees). To the extent Franchisor is the only named party in any such investigation, action, proceeding, 
