3 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
area development agreement, which is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit H (the 
“ADA” or “Area Development Agreement”).  The ADA grants you the right to open a certain 
number of Stores within a specified geographic area (the “Development Area”) over a defined 
period (the “Development Schedule”).  We determine the Development Schedule based on the 
market potential and the size of the Development Area.  A franchisee that signs an ADA is referred 
to in the ADA as the “Developer.”  Therefore, in this disclosure document, we refer to a franchisee 
that signs an ADA as a “Developer franchisee,” or a “multi-unit franchisee.”  Developer 
franchisees must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement for each Store they open 
under their ADAs. 
Our Business Experience 
As a result of the May 1, 2023 US Restructuring (described below), we became the franchisor of 
the Gong cha® system in the United States.  We began offering the unit and multi-unit franchises 
described above in the United States in October 2023 following the US Restructuring.  In addition, 
in July 2023 following the US Restructuring, we began offering Gong cha® master franchises in 
the United States, although as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we are no longer 
offering Gong cha® master franchises in the United States, except to the extent we enter into 
renewal master franchise agreements with our existing Gong cha® master franchisees.  However, 
we do support and arrange for the sale of Proprietary Products to our existing franchisees, including 
our master franchisees, and, in some cases, our master franchisees’ subfranchisees, which we have 
done since May 1, 2023.  Except as provided above, we do not offer, and have never offered, 
franchises in any other line of business.  We have never operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit 
franchise business similar to the ones being offered under this disclosure document, nor have we 
ever operated a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
Our Parents and their Business Experience 
We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Gong cha Americas, Inc. (“GCA”), which is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of GCG, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of GC Group Midco Limited (“GC 
Midco”), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of GC Group Holdco Limited (“GC Holdco”), which 
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gong Cha Limited (originally called GC Group Topco Limited).  
GCA’s principal business address is the same as ours.  The principal business address of GCG, 
GC Midco, GC Holdco and Gong Cha Limited is 2nd Floor 20 Midtown, 20 Procter Street, London, 
England, WC1V 6NX.  On November 1, 2019, GCG purchased the existing Gong Cha group 
(consisting of GCI, GCK and GCJ, as defined below) to form the new Gong Cha group for which 
Gong Cha Limited is the top company. 
GCA, GC Midco, GC Holdco and Gong Cha Limited does not offer, and has never offered, franchises 
in any line of business.  In addition, GCA, GC Midco, GC Holdco and Gong Cha Limited have never 
operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit franchise business similar to the ones being offered under 
this disclosure document, nor have they operated a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
Our Predecessors and their Business Experience 
Our direct predecessor and parent is GCG.  Our indirect predecessor and affiliate, and GCG’s 
direct predecessor and affiliate is GCI.  GCI was originally called Royal Tea Taiwan Co., Ltd, 
