44 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
page(s) to be located within our website.  You must comply with our policies with respect to the 
creation, maintenance, and content of any such web pages; and we will have the right to refuse to 
post and/or discontinue posting any content and/or the operation of any web page.  You must not 
establish a separate website without our prior written approval (which we will not be obligated to 
provide).  If approved to establish a website, you must comply with our and our affiliates’ policies, 
standards and specifications with respect to the creation, maintenance and content of any such 
website.  (Franchise Agreement – Sections 7.6.) 
We and our affiliates will control all social media channels and consumer-facing communications 
relating to the System, Proprietary Marks, or Products.  You must not operate or make any 
statement on any such social media channels or make any such consumer-facing communications 
without our prior written consent, and must not make any such statement or communications that 
would bring into disrepute or otherwise be prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation, image or prestige 
of us, the System, the Proprietary Marks, or the demand for the Products provided under the 
Proprietary Marks. 
Similarly, you must not, without our prior written approval, use the Proprietary Marks or any 
abbreviation or other name associated with us and/or the System as part of any email address, 
domain name, and/or other identification of you in any electronic medium.  You also must agree 
not to transmit or cause any other party to transmit advertisements, solicitations, marketing 
information, promotional information or any other information whatsoever using the Proprietary 
Marks or regarding Gong cha® stores, the System or the Products by email or any other Electronic 
Media (as defined below) without our prior written consent and in accordance with such specific 
programs, policies, terms and conditions as we periodically establish.  “Electronic Media” includes 
blogs, microblogs, social networking sites (such as Facebook, LinkedIn and MySpace), video-
sharing and photo-sharing sites (such as YouTube and Flickr), review sites (such as Yelp and 
Urbanspoon), marketplace sites (such as eBay and Craigslist), Wikis, chat rooms and virtual 
worlds.  (Franchise Agreement – Sections 7.7.)   
Our Initiated Campaigns and Promotions 
We may, in our sole discretion, initiate new marketing campaigns in relation to Gong cha® stores 
and the System.  You shall take all action necessary to accommodate such initiatives, including by 
participation in such initiatives as require participation within 30 days of notice from us.  
(Franchise Agreement – Sections 13.10.)  Also, upon written notice to you, we may require you to 
participate in mandatory promotions we may periodically develop.  (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 13.4.3.) 
Grand Opening Advertising Program 
In addition to the Advertising Obligation described in Item 6 and above in this Item 11, you must 
spend a minimum of $4,000 for grand opening advertising and promotional programs in 
conjunction with your Store’s initial grand opening, pursuant to a grand opening marketing plan 
either developed by us or developed by you and approved in writing by us (the “Grand Opening 
Advertising Program”).  The Grand Opening Advertising Program shall be executed and 
completed within 90 days after your Store commences operation.  You must submit to us, for our 
prior written approval, a marketing plan and samples of all advertising and promotional material 
