Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
E-3 
b.
You will not raise wrongful termination or other defences to the enforcement of this 
Agreement (although you will have the right to raise those issues in a separate legal action); and 
c.
You must reimburse Franchisor for any court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees that 
Franchisor incurs as a result of your violation of this Agreement and having to go to court to seek 
enforcement. 
6.
Severability. Each of the provisions of this Agreement may be considered severable from the 
others. If a court should find that we or Franchisor may not enforce a clause in this Agreement as written, 
but the court would allow us or Franchisor to enforce that clause in a way that is less burdensome to you, 
then you agree that you will comply with the court’s less-restrictive interpretation of that clause. 
7.
Delay. No delay or failure by us or Franchisor to exercise any right under this Agreement, and no 
partial or single exercise of that right, shall constitute a waiver of that right or any other right set out in this 
Agreement. No waiver of any violation of any terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be construed 
as a waiver of any succeeding violation of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. 
8.
Third-Party Beneficiary. You acknowledge and agree that Franchisor is an intended third-party 
beneficiary of this Agreement with the right to enforce it, independently or jointly with us. 
9.
Jurisdiction; Applicable Law. You agree that any lawsuit brought by Franchisor to enforce its 
rights under this Agreement shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of 
Massachusetts, and you agree and consent to the jurisdiction of such court to resolve all disputes which 
arise out of this Agreement or any alleged breach thereof, regardless of your residency at the time such 
lawsuit is filed. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Massachusetts. In the event of any conflict 
of law, the laws of Massachusetts shall prevail, without regard to, and without giving effect to, conflict of 
law rules. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee has read and understands the terms of this Agreement, and 
voluntarily signed this Agreement on the date first written above. 
EMPLOYEE 
Signature:  
Printed Name:  
