18 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
contributed to a Cooperative Ad Fund if one is established in the geographic area 
in which your Store is located, and (iii) expenditures by you on local advertising 
and promotion, as further described in Item 11.  Any Regional Marketing Fees you 
pay will be credited against your local advertising expenditure requirement. 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, you must pay to us a Brand 
Marketing Fee of 1% of Net Sales.  However, upon 90 days’ prior written notice to 
you, we have the right to increase the Brand Marketing Fee you must pay to us to 
up to 2% of Net Sales.  This means that your aggregate Advertising Obligation 
could be up to 4% of Net Sales.  In addition, your aggregate Advertising Obligation 
may exceed 3% or 4% of your Net Sales, whichever is applicable at the time, if the 
members of a Cooperative Ad Fund, of which you are a member, approve Regional 
Marketing Fees that, when aggregated with your other requirements described 
above, would cause your aggregate Advertising Obligation to exceed 3% or 4% of 
your Net Sales, as applicable.  The Advertising Obligation, however, is a minimum 
requirement only, and you may, and are encouraged to, expend additional funds on 
marketing and promotion. 
Note 3. 
As further described in Item 11, we will provide our initial franchise program to up 
to 3 of your initial required attendees and will not charge you a training fee for these 
attendees.  For all additional training we provide to you, your Designated Principal, 
General Managers or other managerial personnel, we reserve the right to charge 
you our then-current training fee.  As of the issuance date of this disclosure 
document, our training fee for the initial training program is $2,000 per person and, 
although we have not yet established a training fee for any other training, we my 
offer, we anticipate the training fee for any such training likely will be similar to 
this amount.  We reserve the right to increase the amount of the training fee by up 
to 25% over the term of the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 3.2 and 6.1.)  In addition, you must pay all other expenses incurred in 
connection with training, including the costs of transportation, lodging, meals, and 
benefits for your training attendees.  (Franchise Agreement – Sections 6.5.) 
Note 4. 
As further described in Item  11, if you request additional assistance from us in 
order to facilitate the opening of your Store and we deem it necessary and 
appropriate to comply with your request, or If you request that we provide 
additional on-site supervision or supplemental training or that any training 
programs offered or required by us be conducted for you at your Store and we agree 
to provide such training, you must pay our then-current per diem charges and out 
of pocket expenses in providing such additional assistance or training, as 
periodically set forth in the Manuals. We reserve the right to increase this amount 
by up to 25% over the term of the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 3.2 and 6.1.)  (Franchise Agreement – Sections 3.3 and 6.7.) 
Note 5. 
Because we and our affiliates use a global network of suppliers and source products 
from other countries, including China, certain of the supplies, inventory and 
products, including the Proprietary Products, you must purchase from us or our 
affiliates, including GCPS, may be subject to tariffs or become subject to tariffs in 
