15 
6.3
Training by Franchisee of Additional or Replacement General Managers. Franchisee 
shall have the option of training any General Manager (following the training of the first General Manager 
by Franchisor) at the Franchised Store or other Gong Cha Stores operated by Franchisee or its affiliates, 
provided that Franchisee is in compliance with all agreements between Franchisee and its affiliates and 
Franchisor and further provided that the training is conducted: (a) by the Designated Principal or other 
personnel who has successfully completed Franchisor’s initial training program, to Franchisor’s 
satisfaction, (and who remains acceptable to Franchisor to provide such training); and (b) in accordance 
with any requirements or standards as Franchisor may from time to time establish in writing for such 
training. In the event Franchisor conducts such training, Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee 
to pay to Franchisor its then-current training fee for such training. 
6.4
Refresher Training. Franchisor may also require that Franchisee or its Designated 
Principal and General Manager attend such refresher courses, seminars, and other training programs as 
Franchisor may reasonably require from time to time, provided that such training shall not exceed four (4) 
days per person each year, and attendance for up to three (3) days per person each year at conventions, if 
any, conducted for Franchisor’s franchisees. Franchisor may moreover require that Franchisee or its 
Designated Principal and General Manager attend re-training programs held by Franchisor. Franchisor 
reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay to Franchisor its then-current training fee for any such 
training. 
6.5
Training Costs. Except as otherwise described in this Section 6, the cost of all training 
(instruction and required materials) shall be borne by Franchisor. All other expenses incurred in connection 
with training, including the costs of transportation, lodging, meals, wages, and worker’s compensation 
insurance, shall be borne by Franchisee. 
6.6
Location and Timing of Training. All training programs shall be at such times as may be 
designated by Franchisor, in its sole discretion. In addition, Franchisor shall determine, in its sole discretion, 
how often it will offer the initial training program and other training, and will periodically publish a 
schedule of upcoming training sessions. Training programs shall be provided at Franchisor’s headquarters, 
“certified” Gong cha® stores owned by Franchisor’s affiliates or franchisees, and/or such other locations 
as Franchisor may designate. 
6.7
Additional On-site Training. If Franchisee requests that Franchisor provide additional 
on-site supervision or supplemental training or that any training programs offered or required by Franchisor 
be conducted for Franchisee at the Franchised Store, then Franchisee agrees that it shall pay Franchisor’s 
then-current per diem charges and out-of-pocket expenses, which shall be as set forth in the Manuals or 
otherwise in writing. 
7.
TECHNOLOGY
7.1
Point-of-Sale Systems and Required Software. The following terms and conditions 
shall apply with respect to the Point-of-Sale System and Required Software: 
7.1.1
Franchisor shall have the right to specify or require that certain brands, types, 
makes, and/or models of communications, computer systems, and hardware be used by, between, or among 
Gong Cha Stores, including: (a) back office and point of sale systems, data, audio, video, and voice storage, 
retrieval, and transmission systems for use at Gong Cha Stores, between or among Gong Cha Stores, and 
between and among the Franchised Store and Franchisor and/or Franchisee; (b) Cash Register Systems; 
(c) physical, electronic, and other security systems; (d) printers and other peripheral devices; (e) archival 
back-up systems; and (f) internet access mode and speed (collectively, the “Point-of-Sale System”). 
7.1.2
Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to develop or have 
developed for it, or to designate: (a) computer software programs and accounting system software that 
Franchisee must use in connection with the Point-of-Sale System (“Required Software”), which 
