Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-12 
attempts to access, manipulate or disable associated systems, data or application services. Processes 
shall be in place to prevent unauthorized modifications to logs and audit trails. All systems should be 
set to UTC universal time standard. Alerts shall be actively monitored, and security event logs will be 
maintained for at least a minimum of 90 days.
13.
Application Design, Development, And Maintenance  
Franchisee shall implement development policies, controls, and procedures to support a secure System 
Development Life Cycle (SDLC). This requires the involvement of trained security personnel in 
product development and implementation, and verification that development and software products 
meet security requirements prior to migrating code changes to production. The secure SDLC 
incorporates leading practices including, but not limited to authentication, authorization, and access 
control; data validation, transmission, and storage; cryptography; session management; and error 
handling. When performing website development, Franchisee shall comply with Open Web 
Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10 Controls.  
14.
Website And Mobile App Security (Applicable When Ecommerce Platforms And Mobile Apps 
Are Operated And Controlled By Franchisee)  
For websites and mobile apps that support ecommerce capabilities and the collection of Personal 
Information (such as Customer Data), Franchisee may utilize Franchisor Approved Security Services, 
at its own expense, where available. When Franchisee elects not to use Franchisor Approved Vendor 
Security Service (being those services noted with an * below), Franchisee shall select an equivalent 
service aligned to the requirements outlined in this Policy and provide evidence of compliance.  
14.1 Domain and certificate management  
Register all websites using an industry standard website domain and certificate service.  
14.2 Web application firewall (WAF)  
Use an industry standard website protection service to mitigate website attacks, outages and user 
account takeovers.  
14.3 Penetration testing  
Use an industry standard penetration testing service to identify and remediate security exploits.  
14.4 Website scanning 
Use an industry standard website scanning service to identify and remediate known system 
vulnerabilities.  
14.5 Data encryption  
Encrypt personal information in-transit and at-rest using industry accepted encryption methods. Use 
https throughout the entire website to ensure a secure session. HTTP or mixed content implementations 
are not permitted. Use secure connections between interconnected systems and applications (HTTPS, 
TLS 1.2+, VPN, SFTP).  
