12 
services to supply such services to the System. If Franchisor designates a design firm and/or architecture 
firm prior to the time Franchisee commences to develop the Franchised Store, Franchisee shall employ 
such designated supplier(s) to prepare all designs and plans for the Franchised Store, unless Franchisee 
obtains Franchisor’s prior written approval to use an alternative professional. If Franchisor has not 
designated a design firm or architecture firm, Franchisee shall be responsible for locating and employing 
a qualified design consultant and architect who is/are licensed in the jurisdiction in which the Franchised 
Store will be located, and who is reputable and experienced in providing design and architecture services. 
Franchisee shall be solely responsible for payments for all design and architecture services. Franchisee 
expressly acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall not be liable for the unsatisfactory performance 
of any contractor, firm, supplier, professional or consultant retained by Franchisee, whether or not 
designated by Franchisor. 
5.4.2
Franchisee shall comply with all applicable laws, codes and regulations 
regarding the construction, design and operation of the Franchised Store. 
5.4.3
Franchisee shall be responsible for obtaining all zoning classifications and 
clearances that may be required by applicable laws, ordinances, or regulations or that may be necessary or 
advisable owing to any restrictive covenants relating to the Approved Location. After having obtained 
such approvals and clearances, Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, for Franchisor’s approval, final plans 
for construction based upon the preliminary plans and specifications. Franchisor’s review and approval of 
plans shall be limited to review of such plans to assess compliance with Franchisor’s design standards for 
Gong Cha Stores, including such items as trade dress, presentation of Proprietary Marks, and the providing 
to the potential customer of certain products and services that are central to the functioning of Gong Cha 
Stores. Such review is not designed to assess compliance with applicable local laws and regulations, as 
compliance with such laws is the sole responsibility of Franchisee. Once approved by Franchisor, such 
final plans shall not thereafter be changed or modified without the prior written permission of Franchisor. 
Any such change made without Franchisor’s prior written permission shall constitute a default and 
Franchisor may withhold its authorization to open the Franchised Store until the unauthorized change is 
rectified (or reversed) to Franchisor’s reasonable satisfaction.  
5.4.4
Franchisee shall obtain all permits and certifications required for the lawful 
construction and operation of the Franchised Store and shall certify in writing to Franchisor that all such 
permits and certifications have been obtained. 
5.4.5
Franchisee shall employ a qualified licensed general contractor who has been 
approved or designated by Franchisor to construct the Franchised Store and to complete all improvements, 
which general contractor may be Franchisor or an affiliate of Franchisor. Franchisee shall obtain and 
maintain in force during the entire period of construction the insurance required under Section 14. 
Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall not be liable for the unsatisfactory 
performance of any contractor retained by Franchisee. 
5.4.6
Throughout the construction process, Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s 
requirements and procedures for periodic inspections of the Premises, and shall fully cooperate with 
Franchisor’s representatives in such inspections by rendering such assistance as they may reasonably 
request. 
5.4.7
Franchisee agrees to use in the construction and operation of the Franchised 
Store only those brands, types or models of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, 
furniture and signs that Franchisor has approved for the Franchised Store as meeting its specifications and 
standards for quality, design, appearance, function and performance. Franchisee further agrees to place or 
display at the Premises of the Franchised Store only such signs, emblems, lettering, logos and display 
materials that are from time to time approved in writing by Franchisor or its affiliates. Franchisee may 
purchase approved types or models of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture 
and signs from any supplier approved or designated by Franchisor (which may include Franchisor and/or 
