79 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
or involuntarily, ceased to do business under their franchise or subfranchise / sublicense agreement 
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.  If you buy this franchise, your contact 
information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the franchise system. 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Attached to this disclosure document at Exhibit F is a copy of our audited financial statements as 
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the period from 
January 10, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023.  Also attached to this disclosure 
document at Exhibit F are our unaudited financial statements for the period from January 1, 2025 
to February 28, 2025.  As we were organized on January 10, 2023, we have not been in business 
for 3 years, and therefore cannot provide 3 years of financial statements.  Our fiscal year end is 
December 31. 
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
The following agreements and other required exhibits are attached to this disclosure document: 
Exhibit A 
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit A are required state-specific 
addenda to the disclosure document, if any.  
Exhibit G 
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit G is a copy of the form Franchise 
Agreement with exhibits:  Data Sheet; List of Principals and Designated Principal; 
Guaranty, Indemnification, and Acknowledgment; Authorization Agreement for 
Prearranged Payments; Non-Disclosure and Non-Compete for Franchisee’s 
Employees; Lease Terms; state-specific addenda to the Franchise Agreement; Data 
Protection; and Form of Profit and Loss Statement; Special Licensed Products 
Application Form. 
Exhibit H 
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit H is a copy of the form Area 
Development Agreement with attachments:  Development Area; Development 
Schedule; Guaranty, Indemnification, and Acknowledgment; Lease Terms; 
Selection Criteria; and state-specific addenda to the Area Development Agreement. 
Exhibit I 
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit I is a copy of a form General 
Release. 
Exhibit J 
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit J is a Franchisee Questionnaire.  
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
The last 2 pages of this disclosure document are detachable documents acknowledging receipt of 
this disclosure document.  Please sign both receipt pages and return one to us. 
