E-6 
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
ADDENDUM TO 
GONG CHA® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE 
STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Gong cha® Area Development Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Gong cha® franchises 
offered and sold in the State of Minnesota: 
The Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or if your business will be 
located in Minnesota. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Area Development Agreement, to the 
extent that the Area Development Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, Franchisor shall comply with 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, that 
Developer be given 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of this Area Development Agreement. 
To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, Franchisor will protect Developer’s rights 
to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial symbols related 
to the trademarks or indemnify Developer from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim, 
suit, or demand regarding the use of the trademarks, provided Developer is using the names in 
marks in accordance with the Area Development Agreement. 
Developer will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would 
relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, Franchisor shall comply with 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, Developer 
be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure).  Termination of the franchise by the 
Franchisor shall be effective immediately upon receipt by Developer of the notice of termination 
where its grounds for termination or cancellation are: (1) voluntary abandonment of the franchise 
relationship by the Developer; (2) the conviction of the Developer of an offense directly related to 
the business conducted according to the Area Development Agreement; or (3) failure of the 
Developer to cure a default under the Area Development Agreement which materially impairs the 
goodwill associated with the Franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or other 
commercial symbol after the Developer has received written notice to cure of at least twenty-four 
(24) hours in advance thereof. 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21, and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit Franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring 
Developer to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties, or judgment notes.  In addition, 
nothing in the Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce (a) any of Developer’s rights 
as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C; or (b) Developer’s rights to any procedure, 
forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. Developer cannot consent to 
Franchisor obtaining injunctive relief.  Franchisor may seek injunctive relief. 
