18 
7.8
No Outsourcing without Prior Written Approval. Franchisee shall not hire third party 
or outside vendors to perform any services or obligations in connection with the Point-of-Sale System, 
Required Software, or any other of Franchisee’s obligations without Franchisor’s prior written approval 
therefor. Franchisor’s consideration of any proposed outsourcing vendor(s) may be conditioned upon, 
among other things, such third party or outside vendor’s entry into a confidentiality agreement with 
Franchisor and Franchisee in a form that is reasonably provided by Franchisor. 
7.9
Changes to Technology. Franchisee and Franchisor acknowledge and agree that changes 
to technology are dynamic and not predictable within the term of this Agreement. In order to provide for 
inevitable but unpredictable changes to technological needs and opportunities, Franchisee agrees that 
Franchisor shall have the right to establish, in writing, reasonable new standards for the implementation 
of technology in the System; and Franchisee agrees that it shall abide by those reasonable new standards 
established by Franchisor as if this Section 7 were periodically revised by Franchisor for that purpose. 
7.10
Aggregators.  Franchisee may sell Products to customers via third party online delivery 
services (“Aggregators”) provided that:  
7.10.1
such Aggregators fulfil the requirements set out in the Manuals and their quality 
and standards have thereby been approved by Franchisor in writing in advance; and  
7.10.2
Franchisee: (i) provides any proposed agreement between Franchisee and any 
Aggregator (an “Aggregator Contract”) to Franchisor for its approval (if the proposed contract is in a 
form approved by Franchisor, such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in advance of 
it entering into such Aggregator Contract; (ii) ensures as far as is reasonably practicable that the terms of 
any Aggregator Contract shall require any Aggregator to provide Franchisee with ownership and/or broad 
access and/or use rights to the customer data collected by the Aggregator with respect to customers 
ordering from Franchisee’s Franchised Store, to help ensure continuity in customer relationships; and (iii) 
complies with Franchisor’s global or regionally negotiated Aggregator Contracts and policies for 
Aggregator Contracts, where applicable.  
8.
OTHER DUTIES OF FRANCHISEE
8.1
Details of Operation. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that every detail of the 
System and this Agreement is important to Franchisee, Franchisor and its affiliates, and other franchisees 
in order to develop and maintain high operating, quality and service standards, to increase the demand for 
the Products sold by all operators, to protect Gong Cha Stores operating under the System, and to protect 
the reputation and goodwill of Franchisor and its affiliates. 
8.2
Compliance with the Agreement, including the Manuals. Franchisee shall operate the 
Franchised Store in strict conformity with this Agreement and such mandatory standards and specifications 
as Franchisor may from time to time prescribe in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, and shall refrain from 
deviating from such standards, specifications, and procedures without the prior written consent of 
Franchisor. 
8.3
Management of Business & Designated Principal. If Franchisee is other than an 
individual, prior to beginning training, Franchisee shall comply with the following: 
8.3.1
Franchisee shall designate, subject to Franchisor’s reasonable approval, one 
Principal who is both an individual person and owns at least a ten percent (10%) beneficial interest in 
Franchisee, and who shall be responsible for general oversight and management of the operations of the 
Franchised Store on behalf of Franchisee (the “Designated Principal”). In the event the person designated 
as the Designated Principal dies, becomes incapacitated, transfers his/her interest in Franchisee, or 
otherwise ceases to supervise the operations of the Franchised Store, Franchisee shall promptly designate 
a new Designated Principal, subject to Franchisor’s reasonable approval. 
