2 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
and our affiliates periodically designate (“Proprietary Products”), as well as other non-proprietary 
food, beverage, and other compatible items we or our affiliates periodically designate (collectively 
with the Proprietary Products, “Products”).  Gong cha® stores operating under the System are 
sometimes referred to in this disclosure documents as “Stores”. 
Distinguishing characteristics of the System include the Marks and other intellectual property 
(including all related copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, domain names, design rights, 
database rights, trade or business names, rights protecting trade secrets and confidential 
information, rights protecting goodwill and reputation, and all other similar or corresponding 
proprietary rights and all applications for the same, whether presently existing or created in the 
future, and whether registered or not), distinctive exterior and interior design, decor, color 
schemes, fixtures, and furnishings; recipes, standards and specifications for products, including 
the Products, equipment, materials, and supplies; uniform standards, specifications, and 
procedures for operations; purchasing and sourcing procedures; procedures for inventory and 
management control; training and assistance; and marketing and promotional programs; all of 
which may be periodically changed, improved, and further developed by us or GCG. 
The Store you operate may only provide the products and services we and or affiliates authorize 
and which you are licensed to offer and sell under applicable law.  You must follow all our and 
our affiliates’ policies and procedures when operating your Store, including offering the products 
or services we specify.  We can add to, modify, or delete any products, including the Products, or 
services that you must offer or sell at any time as we determine, and change and modify our 
policies. 
Your Store must be directly supervised by a General Manager (as defined and further described in 
Item 15).  The General Manager will be responsible for the operation of the Store and is responsible 
for establishing, implementing, and monitoring food safety and quality policies, establishing 
measurable food safety and quality objectives, and ensuring compliance with quality and food 
safety policies and procedures.  Your Store will typically also require additional staff.   
Although no prior experience in operating a business is needed, we are looking for franchisees that 
have some prior business experience or a strong interest in the restaurant, beverage, or food service 
industry.  Before granting a franchise, you must meet our then-current selection criteria and other 
standards, including minimum liquid capital amounts, background checks, credit checks, and 
successful completion of our interview process.  
If we grant you a Gong cha® unit franchise, you must sign our standard franchise agreement, 
which is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit G (the “Franchise Agreement”).  The 
Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate a single Store from an approved location.  
You may not operate an additional Store unless you acquire additional franchise rights from us 
and sign another Franchise Agreement.   
Multi-Unit Franchises 
We also offer to select, qualified candidates that meet our then-current selection criteria and other 
standards, the opportunity to acquire the right to develop multiple Stores within a specific 
geographic area.  If we grant you a Gong cha® multi-unit franchise, you must sign our standard 
