34 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
3. 
Maintain and administer the Brand Marketing Fund and any Cooperative Ad Funds (if 
established) (Franchise Agreement – Sections 13.2 and 13.3) and review and approve or 
disapprove any local marketing that you engage in for your Store (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 3.5 and 13.6). 
4. 
At our option, maintain a web page of our website for your Store (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 7.6). 
5. 
Provide you with a list of the approved suppliers for certain equipment, supplies, inventory, 
and services for your Store (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.9).   
6. 
Sell to you, either directly or through an affiliate, equipment, supplies and ingredients, 
products, inventory, and other services required for your Store, as we may make available 
(Franchise Agreement – Sections 8.7 and 8.8).  
7. 
Establish at our discretion pricing, gift card, gift certificate, rewards and loyalty, coupon, 
or other promotional programs that you may or must participate in as we require (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 8.17). 
8. 
Pay incentives to you if you meet certain development targets in a development year, if 
you sign an ADA (Area Development Agreement – Section 4.3 and Attachment A). 
Training 
Initial Training Program 
We will provide an initial training program to you (or, if you are other than an individual, your 
Designated Principal and, if applicable, your General Manager (as these terms are defined in 
Item 15), and up to one additional person as we may require (not to exceed a total of 3 persons), 
in our sole discretion, subject to certain limitations described below if you sign an ADA.  
(Franchise Agreement – Section 6.1.)  Each of these initial required attendees must attend and 
successfully complete, to our satisfaction, the initial training program.  You will not be required 
to pay to us a separate training fee for your initial required attendees who attend the initial training 
program.  If any of these initial required attendees do not successfully compete, to our satisfaction, 
such training, however, we may require that you send a replacement person to attend and 
successfully complete, to our satisfaction, the initial training program, and pay to us our then-
current training fee for that attendee.   
Except as otherwise described in this Item 11, we may require you to pay to us our then-current 
training fee for any addition training, including the initial training program, we provide to your 
attendees.  As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, our training fee for the initial 
training program is $2,000 per person and, although we have not yet established a training fee for 
any other training, we my offer, we anticipate the training fee for any such training likely will be 
similar to this amount.  In addition, you must pay all other expenses incurred in connection with 
training, including the costs of transportation, lodging, meals, and benefits of your training 
attendees. 
Notwithstanding the above, if you sign an ADA, for the fourth and each subsequent Gong cha® store 
