Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
G-2 
ADDENDUM TO  
GONG CHA® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE  
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Gong cha® Franchise Agreement, the following provisions 
shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Gong cha franchises offered and sold or operated in the 
State of California. 
1. 
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Section 20000 through 20043) provides 
franchisees with additional rights concerning termination, transfer and non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement 
and certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to termination, transfer and non-renewal may be 
superseded by the Act.  There may also be court decisions which may supersede the Franchise Agreement and 
your relationship with Franchisor, including the areas of termination, transfer and renewals of Franchisee’s 
franchise.  If the Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
2. 
California Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law 
(California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516).  Business Professions Code Section 20010 voids 
a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (business and Professions Code Section 20000 through 
20043). 
3. 
California Corporations Code Section 31512.1 voids any provision in a franchise agreement, franchise disclosure 
document, acknowledgement, questionnaire, or other writing that disclaims or denies: any representations made 
to Franchisee by Franchisor or its personnel or agents; Franchisee’s reliance on any such representations, the 
franchise disclosure document, and any exhibit thereto; or any violations of the Franchise Investment Law 
(California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516). 
4. 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Massachusetts.  These provisions may 
not be enforceable under California law. 
5. 
California Civil Code Section 1671 has statutes which restrict or prohibit the imposition of liquidated damages 
provisions. 
6. 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may not be enforceable 
under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.).  
7. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the termination of the 
franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law.  
8. 
Background paragraph G, and Sections 28.1, 28.2, 28.3, 28.9, and 28.10 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby 
deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: “INTENTIONALLY OMITTED”. 
9.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable 
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
10. 
Pursuant to Section 31512.1 of the California Franchise Investment Law, any provision of a franchise agreement, 
franchise disclosure document, acknowledgment, questionnaire, or other writing, including any exhibit thereto, 
disclaiming or denying any of the following shall be deemed contrary to public policy and shall be void and 
unenforceable: 
