40 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
You may not open your Store until: (1) you request (at least 30 days before your intended opening 
date) our approval to open your Store as of a specific date, and receive our approval to open your 
Store on that date (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.5); (2) any of your personnel that we require 
has completed our Initial Training Program to our satisfaction and you certify that you have 
provided all of your employees with the training we require (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.1); 
(3) you have furnished us with copies of all insurance policies and certificates required by the 
Franchise Agreement, or other documentation of insurance coverage and payment of premiums 
we request (Franchise Agreement – Section 14); (4) you notify us that all approvals and conditions 
in the Franchise Agreement have been met; and (5) you have obtained all required licenses, 
permits, and certifications.  You must open your Store within either 6 months of the date you 
signed your Franchise Agreement or 4 months after securing the approved site for the Store 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 5.5).  If you fail to obtain property control for the approved 
premises of your Store or fail to open your Store by the deadlines we require, we can terminate 
your Franchise Agreement and retain all amounts you have paid to us (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 16.2). 
We estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and 
the opening of your Store will be between 150 and 240 days.  Some factors that may affect this 
timing include how long it takes you to select a suitable site for your Store and obtaining a lease 
or sublease, how long it takes you to complete our Initial Training Program, any shortages or 
delays in obtaining any supplies and inventory, whether, and to what extent, you need to remodel 
your site, and your ability to secure any necessary licenses, permits, insurance coverage, and 
financing. 
If you enter into a Development Agreement, we and you will agree on a Development Area and 
the Development Schedule which identifies the number of Gong cha® stores you will develop, 
and the time frame in which the Gong cha® stores will be developed.  You may not develop any 
Gong cha® store until there is a separately signed Franchise Agreement between you and us, and 
we have evaluated and accepted the site as described in this disclosure document. 
Advertising/Marketing 
As further described in Item 6 and below in this Item, your minimum Advertising Obligation will 
be in the form of the following, as we periodically designate:  (i) Brand Marketing Fees to be 
contributed to the Brand Marketing Fund, (ii) Regional Marketing Fees to be contributed to a 
Cooperative Ad Fund if one is established in the geographic area in which your Store is located, 
and (iii) expenditures by you on local advertising.  Your minimum Advertising Obligation in the 
aggregate will not exceed the amounts described in Item 6.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 13.1.) 
Brand Marketing Fund 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we have established a fund for system-wide 
advertising and promotion of the System in the United States (the “Brand Marketing Fund”).  As 
further described in Item 6, during the existence of the Brand Marketing Fund, you must pay us a 
weekly Brand Marketing Fee of 1% of Net Sales, which we may increase to up to 2% of Net Sales 
upon 90 days’ prior written notice to you.  We will contribute the Brand Marketing Fees you pay 
to us to the Brand Marketing Fund.  Other of our unit franchisees in the United States also will pay 
