20 
its sole and absolute discretion, may deny such request for approval or, once given, subsequently withdraw 
such approval at any time, for any reason. Any products Franchisor approves in accordance with this 
Section 8.6.2 shall be referred to sometimes as “special licensed products.”  For purposes of clarification, 
Franchisee shall pay Royalty Fees on the sale of any products or service Franchisor approves in accordance 
with this Section 8.6.2.  Reports on sales of such products or services shall be included in the reports 
required of Franchisee under Sections 4.3 and 12.2. 
8.6.3
Franchisee shall permit Franchisor or its agents, at any reasonable time, to 
remove samples of Products, without payment therefor, in amounts reasonably necessary for testing by 
Franchisor or an independent laboratory to determine whether said samples meet Franchisor’s then-current 
standards and specifications. In addition to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, 
Franchisor may require Franchisee to bear the cost of such testing if the supplier of the item has not 
previously been approved by Franchisor or if the sample fails to conform to Franchisor’s specifications. 
8.6.4
Franchisor may designate an independent evaluation service to conduct a quality 
control and evaluation program with respect to Franchisor or affiliate-owned and/or franchised Gong Cha 
Stores. Franchisee agrees that the Franchised Store will participate in such quality control and evaluation 
program, as prescribed and required by Franchisor, provided that Franchisor-owned, affiliate-owned, and 
franchised Gong Cha Stores also participate in such program to the extent Franchisor has the right to 
require such participation. Franchisor shall pay the charges imposed by such evaluation service with 
respect to inspections of the Franchised Store. 
8.6.5
Franchisee shall participate in all customer surveys and satisfaction audits, which 
may require that Franchisee provide discounted or complimentary Products, provided that such discounted 
or complimentary sales shall not be included in the Net Sales of the Franchised Store. Additionally, 
Franchisee shall participate in any complaint resolution and other programs as Franchisor may reasonably 
establish for the System, which programs may include providing discounts or refunds to customers. 
8.6.6
Franchisor may mandate that an authorized third-party service provider perform 
health and safety audits at Gong Cha Stores up to four (4) times per annum, at Franchisor’s sole expense.  
If the Franchised Store fails any health and safety audit based on the standards Franchisor establishes from 
time to time, Franchisor shall have the right to mandate its authorized third-party service provider to 
perform additional health and safety audits, at Franchisee’s sole expense, until it passes a subsequent health 
and safety audit and meets Franchisor’s then-current standards.  Any subsequent health and safety audits 
performed by Franchisor’s authorized third-party service provider after a failed health and safety audit and 
before a passing health and safety audit will not count towards the four (4) health and safety audits 
Franchisor may mandate its authorized third-party service provider perform each annum. 
8.7
Purchases and Approved Suppliers. Franchisee shall purchase all equipment, fixtures, 
furnishings, signs, décor, supplies, services, and products (including the Products) required for the 
establishment and operation of the Franchised Store from Suppliers designated or approved in writing by 
Franchisor (as used in this Section 8.7 the term “Supplier” shall include manufacturers, distributors and 
other forms of Suppliers). In determining whether it will approve any particular Supplier, Franchisor shall 
consider various factors, including whether the Supplier: (i) can demonstrate, to Franchisor’s continuing 
reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet Franchisor’s then-current standards and specifications for such 
items; (ii) possesses adequate quality controls and capacity to supply Franchisee’s needs promptly and 
reliably; (iii) would enable the System, in Franchisor’s sole opinion, to take advantage of marketplace 
efficiencies; and (iv) has been approved in writing by Franchisor prior to any purchases by Franchisee from 
any such Supplier, and have not thereafter been disapproved. Franchisor reserves the right to designate, at 
any time and for any reason, a single Supplier for any equipment, supplies, services, or products (including 
any Products) and to require Franchisee to purchase exclusively from such designated Supplier, which 
exclusive designated supplier may be Franchisor or any of its affiliates. In such case, Franchisee shall not 
have the right to request that Franchisor approve an alternative supplier. In the event Franchisor establishes 
itself, or an affiliate as a designated or exclusive Supplier of any piece of equipment, supply, service, or 
