27 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
approve.  In addition, any liability related to or arising from any special licensed products or 
services we approve will be your responsibility. 
Location Analysis; Construction 
You are not required to purchase or lease real estate from us or our affiliates.  In connection with 
approval of a location for your Store you must submit to us a site market research analysis prepared 
by a company that we approve.  You must employ a qualified, licensed architect or engineer who 
we approve or designate to prepare preliminary plans and specifications for site improvement 
and/or construction of your Store.  You must employ a qualified general contractor we approve of 
or designate to construct your Store and to complete all improvements.  Such general contractor 
may be us or our affiliate. 
Insurance 
Your insurance must meet our specifications, including type, amount, minimum deductibles, 
insurance carrier rating, additional insured designations, and subrogation waivers. Your insurance 
policies must name us as an additional named insured, and you must provide us a certificate of 
insurance before you open your Store. We currently require you to obtain and maintain, at a 
minimum: builder’s risk insurance during any periods of construction or renovation; all-risks 
insurance for the full cost of replacement of all of the furniture, fixtures, and equipment, and 
supplies and inventory used in your Store and all leasehold or premise improvements; business 
interruption insurance for actual losses sustained of no less coverage than $1,000,000 per 
occurrence; data privacy and cyber insurance ($5,000,000 per claim); workers’ compensation and 
employer’s liability (amounts required by law); comprehensive general liability insurance 
($1,000,000 per claim, $2,000,000 general aggregate) and products liability ($5,000,000 general 
aggregate), including personal injury, products/completed operation, assault and battery, terrorism, 
and tenant’s legal liability; automobile liability insurance ($1,000,000 combined single limit, 
$3,000,000 general aggregate limit); excess liability coverage over general liability, automobile 
liability, and employer’s liability ($4,000,000 per occurrence); any additional insurance coverage 
required by your lease or sublease; and umbrella policies.   
You must provide us with a copy of a proper certificate of insurance, endorsement or such other 
proof in the form we require evidencing the existence of all insurance coverage you are required 
to maintain at least 30 days before opening your Store.  In addition, you must provide us annually, 
upon renewal or extension, and at our request a proper certificate, endorsement or such other proof 
in the form we require evidencing the existence of such required insurance coverage.  Upon our 
request, you also must provide us copies of all policies at any time. 
If at any time you fail to obtain and maintain the required insurance coverage, we may elect to 
obtain this insurance coverage for you and charge you for our costs in obtaining this insurance 
coverage, plus a reasonable administrative fee for the expenses we incur in connection with 
procuring insurance for you.  
Miscellaneous 
We may initiate new marketing campaigns, introduce new products, or adjust the menus of the 
Gong cha® stores.  Upon the initiation of such events, you must take all action necessary to 
