42 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Cooperative Ad Fund 
We reserve the right to form, change, dissolve, or merge any regional or local advertising 
cooperatives, and to establish a marketing and advertising fund for each of those cooperatives 
(each a “Cooperative Ad Fund”).  If a Cooperative Ad Fund is established for the geographic area 
in which your Store is located, you shall become a member of such Cooperative Ad Fund within 
30 days after the date on which the Cooperative Ad Fund commences operation, or at the time you 
commence operations.  In no event will you be required to be a member of more than one 
Cooperative Ad Fund.  As further described in Item 6, if you become a member of a Cooperative 
Ad Fund, you must pay to us or to the Cooperative Ad Fund, as we direct, a weekly Regional 
Marketing Fee of up to 2% of Net Sales, as we periodically designate.  However, if the members 
of your Cooperative Ad Fund, by a majority vote conducted in accordance with the rules, bylaws, 
or other governing documents of the Cooperative Ad Fund, agree to increase the Cooperative Ad 
Fund contribution to a rate in excess of the amount required by us as a Regional Marketing Fee, 
you must pay the higher Cooperative Ad Fund contribution (Regional Marketing Fee), which could 
be more than 2% of Net Sales.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 13.3.) 
Each Cooperative Ad Fund will be organized and governed in a form and manner, and will 
commence operations on a date approved in advance by us in writing.  Unless otherwise specified 
by us, the activities carried out by each Cooperative Ad Fund will be decided by a majority vote 
of its members.  Any Store that we or one of our affiliates operates in the region shall have the 
same voting rights as those owned by our franchisees.  Each unit franchisee shall be entitled to 
cast one vote for each Store it operates that belongs to the Cooperative Ad Fund.  Any disputes 
arising among any members of the Cooperative Ad Fund shall be resolved in accordance with the 
rules and procedures set forth in the Cooperative Ad Fund’s governing documents. 
Each Cooperative Ad Fund will be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering regional 
or local advertising programs and developing, subject to our approval, standardized promotional 
materials for use by the members in local advertising and promotion.  We will maintain the right 
to terminate any Cooperative Ad Fund.  A Cooperative Ad Fund will not be terminated, however, 
until either: (a) all monies in that Cooperative Ad Fund have been expended for advertising and/or 
promotional purposes; or (b) we have transferred the unexpended monies to the Brand Marketing 
Fund in the event there are no longer any Stores operating within the geographic area covered by 
such Cooperative Ad Fund. 
Local Marketing 
Subject to Advertising Obligation described in Item 6 and above in this Item 11, you must spend 
on a monthly basis (or some other basis we designate) such amounts as we may specify on local 
advertising and promotion (as defined below), which may not exceed 2% of Net Sales.  Any 
Regional Marketing Fees you pay will be credited against this local advertising expenditure 
requirement.  You must account for such expenditures on a routine basis and shall prepare, in 
accordance with the schedule and procedures periodically specified by us, detailed reports 
describing the amount of money expended on local advertising and promotion during such 
previous period.  You must maintain all such statements, reports and records, and shall submit the 
same to us as we may specify in the Manuals or otherwise request of you.  Additionally, at our 
