GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND THE PERIOD FROM
JANUARY 10, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and cost recognition (continued)
Franchise fees, royalties and other franchise related fees
Contract consideration from franchisees consists primarily of initial or renewal franchise
fees, MFA fees, sales-based royalties, sales-based brand marketing fund fees, technology
fees and transfer fees payable by a franchisee for the transfer of its franchise unit to
another franchisee. The Company also may enter into MFAs which grant a franchisee
the right to develop and sell franchises within a specific territory, as defined in the
respective agreement. The Company collects an up-front fee for the grant of such
rights. The initial franchise fees are nonrefundable and collectible when the underlying
franchise agreement or MFA is signed by the franchisee. Sales-based royalties, sales-
based brand marketing fund fees, store opening fees and technology fees are payable on
a quarterly basis. Renewal and transfer fees are due from franchisees when an existing
franchisee renews the franchise agreement for an additional term or when a transfer to a
third party occurs, respectively.
The Company's primary performance obligation under the master franchise and unit
franchise agreements include granting certain rights to the Company's intellectual
property in addition to a variety of activities relating to opening a franchise unit.  Those
services include training and other such activities commonly referred to collectively as
"pre-opening activities." The Company has determined that certain of the training
provided to the franchisee is not brand specific and provides the franchisee with
relevant general business information that is separate and distinct from the operation of
a company-branded franchise unit. The portion of training services provided that is not
brand specific is deemed to be distinct, as it provides a benefit to the franchisee and is
not highly interrelated or interdependent to the access of the Company’s intellectual
property and, therefore, is accounted for as a separate distinct performance obligation.
All other pre-opening activities have been determined to be highly interrelated and
interdependent to the access to the Company’s intellectual property and, therefore, are
accounted for as a single performance obligation, which is satisfied by granting certain
rights to access the Company's intellectual property over the term of each franchise
agreement.
The Company estimates the stand-alone selling price of training services that are not
brand specific using an adjusted market assessment approach. The Company first
allocates the initial franchise fees and the fixed consideration under the franchise
agreement to the stand-alone selling price of the training services that are not brand
specific and the residual, if any, to the right to access the Company’s intellectual
property. Consideration allocated to training services that are not brand specific is
recognized ratably as the training services are rendered.
8
