Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-13 
14.6 Access and Authentication  
Require authenticated access for the ability to view or modify Personal Information. Encrypt remote 
connections and require multifactor authentication. 
14.7 Secure payment gateways  
Only leverage payment gateway providers approved by country level bank. 
15.
Vulnerability Management  
15.1 Requirements Franchisee shall perform vulnerability scanning on all business-critical production 
systems and platforms (including restaurant devices) on a scheduled or regular basis prior to initial 
move to production, prior to deploying updated system images and after any major upgrade or 
modification. Scans shall be conducted using an automated vulnerability scanning software or a 
commercial vulnerability scanning service. Scans shall leverage credentials created and supplied to 
facilitate authenticated scanning on systems.  
15.2 Patch Management Franchisee shall implement a patching process to identify and remediate 
vulnerabilities on a timely basis. When vulnerabilities are identified they are patched in a timely 
manner in line with critically of issue. Patches are to be tested prior to deployment to production.  
16.
Security Incident Management Plan, Notification, And Remediation  
16.1 Plan  
Franchisee shall maintain an incident management plan to address a potential event of a Security 
Incident. Franchisee shall review the plan on a periodic basis and test annually to ensure the adequacy 
of the response process and associated procedures. Franchisee shall designate, and train specific 
personnel with security incident responsibilities to actively support and respond to alerts.  
16.2 Notification  
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor in writing of any Security Incident, or suspected 
Security Incident that may result in the unauthorized access to, collection, use or disclosure of or 
access to confidential or personal information.  
16.3 Remediation  
Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s requests and will make all reasonable efforts to assist 
Franchisor in relation to the investigation of any incident. Franchisee shall take all necessary and 
appropriate steps to adequately address the cause of any security incidents to Franchisor’s satisfaction 
and to remedy any breach of security and any claim allegation, action, proceeding or litigation with 
respect to the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of the personal information.  
17.
Systems And Data Backup  
Franchisee shall regularly back up data and regularly test its back-up processes to ensure that they are 
effective and that they can be completed within operation guidelines for recovery. Timing and 
frequency of system and data backup and recovery processes shall be aligned requirements outlined 
