GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND THE PERIOD FROM
JANUARY 10, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023
NOTE 1.
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
Gong Cha USA Franchising, LLC (the "Company") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Gong Cha Americas, Inc. (the "Parent"). The Parent is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Gong Cha Global Limited (the ''Licensor"). The Company was formed on January 10,
2023, as a Delaware limited liability company to sell franchises through master franchise
and unit franchise agreements pursuant to a license agreement dated May 1, 2023,
between the Company and the Licensor, as discussed in Note 5. Pursuant to the
Company's standard franchise agreement, franchisees will operate retail shop businesses
known as "Gong Cha," which offers a variety of bubble tea blends, coffees, juices, and
other related products prepared to order, in the Gong Cha Shop.
The Company is a limited liability company and, therefore, the Parent is not liable for
the debts, obligations or other liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract,
tort or otherwise, unless the member has signed a specific guarantee. 
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of accounting
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ("U.S. GAAP").
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. These estimates may be adjusted due to changes in future economic,
industry or other financial conditions. Estimates are used in accounting for, among
other items, accounts receivable allowances, useful lives and recoverability of long-lived
assets, revenue recognition, uncertain tax positions and contingencies. Actual results
could ultimately differ from these estimates.
Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable primarily consists of billed and unbilled amounts owed by
franchisees. Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to
collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts, and changes in the
allowance are included in operating expenses on the statements of income and changes
in member's equity. The Company assesses collectibility by reviewing accounts
receivable and its contract assets on a collective basis where similar risk characteristics
exist. In determining the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts, management
considers historical collectibility and makes judgments about the creditworthiness of the
pool of customers based on credit evaluations. Current market conditions and
reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions adjust the historical
losses to determine the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. Uncollectible
accounts are written off when all collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company
did not require an allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
6
