Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
F-1 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT F 
LEASE TERMS
In accordance with Section 5.2 of this Franchise Agreement, Franchisee’s lease or sublease for the 
Premises of the Franchised Store shall contain terms acceptable to Franchisor, which may include (but are 
not limited to) the following: 
1.
The initial term of the lease, or initial term together with renewal terms, will be for not fewer than 
five (5) years. 
2.
A provision stating that the lessor consents to Franchisee’s use and display of the Proprietary Marks 
and signage as Franchisor may prescribe from time to time for the Franchised Store, subject only to the 
provisions of applicable law. 
3.
A provision that Franchisee shall have the right to alter, renovate, add, remodel, modify, and/or 
change the Premises and/or other improvements upon the Premises as Franchisee may deem desirable, 
provided that if any such alterations, renovations, additions, modifications, remodeling and/or changes to 
the Premises and/or improvements upon the Premises affect the exterior, structural elements or foundation 
of the Premises, Franchisee shall first obtain the consent of the lessor, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
4.
A provision that the Premises be used solely for the operation of a franchised Gong Cha Store, 
which is currently: a retail business offering tea, coffee and juice, along with related products and services, 
under the name “Gong Cha,” all as may be permitted under the relevant Franchise Agreement signed for 
the Franchised Store. 
5.
A provision that requires the lessor to concurrently provide Franchisor with a copy of any written 
notice of deficiency under the lease sent to Franchisee, and that the lessor will provide Franchisor with 
written notice specifying deficiencies that Franchisee did not cure. 
6.
A provision that grants to Franchisor, in its sole discretion, the right (but not obligation) to cure any 
deficiency under the lease within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the period in which Franchisee had 
to cure any such default should Franchisee fail to do so. 
7.
A provision acknowledging that, in the event the Franchise Agreement for the Franchised Store 
expires or is terminated: (a) Franchisee is obligated under the Franchise Agreement to take certain steps  to 
de-identify the location as a Gong Cha Store operated by Franchisee; and (b) the lessor will cooperate fully 
with Franchisor in enforcing such provisions of the Franchise Agreement against the Franchisee, including 
allowing Franchisor, its employees and agents to enter and remove signs, decor and materials bearing or 
displaying any Proprietary Marks, designs or logos of Franchisor, provided that the lessor shall not be 
required to bear any expense thereof. 
8.
A provision that expressly states that the termination of the Franchise Agreement shall constitute a 
default under the lease. 
9.
A provision reserving to Franchisor the right, at Franchisor’s election, to receive an assignment of 
the leasehold interest upon termination or expiration of the franchise grant and/or upon the Franchisee’s 
deficiency under the lease. 
10.
A provision that expressly requires that, if requested by Franchisor, the lessor of the Premises will 
provide Franchisor all sales and other information the lessor may have related to the operation of the 
