37 
for purposes of establishing a regional or local market advertising fund (“Cooperative Ad Fund”). If a 
Cooperative Ad Fund is established for the geographic area in which the Franchised Store is located, 
Franchisee shall become a member of such Cooperative Ad Fund within thirty (30) days after the date on 
which the Cooperative Ad Fund commences operation, or at the time Franchisee commences operation 
hereunder. In no event shall Franchisee be required to be a member of more than one (1) Cooperative Ad 
Fund. The following provisions shall apply to each such Cooperative Ad Fund: 
13.3.1
Each Cooperative Ad Fund shall be organized and governed in a form and 
manner, and shall commence operations on a date, approved in advance by Franchisor in writing. Unless 
otherwise specified by Franchisor, the activities carried on by each Cooperative Ad Fund shall be decided 
by a majority vote of its members. Any Gong Cha Store that Franchisor or one of its affiliate operates in 
the region shall have the same voting rights as those owned by its franchisees. Each Gong Cha Store 
franchisee shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each Gong Cha Store it operates that belongs to the 
Cooperative Ad Fund. Any disputes arising among any members of the Cooperative Ad Fund shall be 
resolved in accordance with the rules and procedures set forth in the Cooperative Ad Fund’s governing 
documents. 
13.3.2
Each Cooperative Ad Fund shall be organized for the exclusive purpose of 
administering regional or local advertising programs and developing, subject to Franchisor’s approval, 
standardized promotional materials for use by the members in local advertising and promotion. 
13.3.3
Franchisee shall contribute to the Cooperative Ad Fund in such amounts as 
Franchisor may specify pursuant to Section 13.1, unless the members of the Cooperative Ad Fund, by a 
majority vote conducted in accordance with the rules, bylaws, or other governing documents of the 
Cooperative Ad Fund, agree to increase the Cooperative Ad Fund contribution to a rate in excess of the 
amount required by Franchisor. 
13.3.4
Franchisee shall submit its required contributions to the Cooperative Ad Fund at 
the time required by Franchisor, together with such statements or reports as may be required by Franchisor 
or by the Cooperative Ad Fund with Franchisor’s prior written approval. If so requested by Franchisor in 
writing, Franchisee shall submit its payments and reports to the Cooperative Ad Fund directly to 
Franchisor for distribution to the Cooperative Ad Fund.  
13.3.5
Franchisor maintains the right to terminate any Cooperative Ad Fund. A 
Cooperative Ad Fund shall not be terminated, however, until either: (a) all monies in that Cooperative Ad 
Fund have been expended for advertising and/or promotional purposes; or (b) Franchisor has transferred 
the unexpended monies to the Brand Marketing Fund in the event there are no longer any Gong Cha Stores 
operating within the geographic area covered by such Cooperative Ad Fund. 
13.4
Local Advertising. Franchisee shall comply with the following with respect to “local 
advertising and promotion” for the Franchised Store: 
13.4.1
Franchisee shall spend on a monthly basis (or some other basis Franchisor 
designates) an annual basis such amounts as Franchisor may specify in accordance with Section 13.1. 
Franchisee shall account for such expenditures on a routine basis and shall prepare, in accordance with the 
schedule and procedures specified by Franchisor from time to time, detailed reports describing the amount 
of money expended on local advertising and promotion during such previous period. Franchisee shall 
maintain all such statements, reports and records, and shall submit same to Franchisor as Franchisor may 
specify in the Manuals or otherwise request of Franchisee. Additionally, at the request of Franchisor, 
Franchisee shall submit bills, statements, invoices, or other documentation satisfactory to Franchisor to 
evidence Franchisee’s advertising or marketing activities. 
13.4.2
As used in this Agreement, the term “local advertising and promotion” shall 
refer to advertising and promotion related directly to the Franchised Store, and shall, unless otherwise 
