41 
have the right and authority (without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure such 
insurance coverage and to charge same to Franchisee, which charges, together with a reasonable fee for 
expenses incurred by Franchisor in connection with such procurement, shall be payable by Franchisee 
immediately upon notice.   
15.
TRANSFER AND SUBLICENSE OF INTEREST
15.1
Franchisor’s Rights to Transfer. Franchisor shall have the right, without the need for 
Franchisee’s consent, to transfer or assign this Agreement and all or any part of its rights or obligations 
herein to any person or legal entity, provided that any designated assignee of Franchisor shall become solely 
responsible for all obligations of Franchisor under this Agreement from the date of assignment. Upon any 
such transfer or assignment, Franchisor shall be under no further obligation hereunder, except for accrued 
liabilities, if any. If Franchisor transfers or assigns its rights in this Agreement, nothing herein shall be 
deemed to require Franchisor to remain in the “Gong Cha Store” business or to offer or sell any products 
or services to Franchisee. In addition, and without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee expressly affirms 
and agrees that Franchisor and its affiliates may each sell their assets, the Proprietary Marks, Proprietary 
Products, or System, as applicable; may each sell their securities in a public offering or in a private 
placement; may merge, acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; and may each 
undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buy-out, or other economic or financial restructuring. 
15.2
No Transfers Without Franchisor’s Approval. Franchisee understands and 
acknowledges that the rights and duties set forth in this Agreement are personal to Franchisee or the 
Principals of Franchisee, if Franchisee is not an individual, and that Franchisor has granted this franchise 
in reliance on Franchisee’s or Franchisee’s Principals’ business skill, financial capacity, and personal 
character. Accordingly: 
15.2.1
Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent of Franchisor, transfer, 
pledge or otherwise encumber: (a) the rights and/or obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement; or 
(b) any material asset of Franchisee or the Franchised Store. 
15.2.2
If Franchisee is a corporation or limited liability company, Franchisee shall not, 
without the prior written consent of Franchisor, issue or transfer any voting securities or securities 
convertible into voting securities, and the recipient of any such securities shall become a Principal under 
this Agreement, if so approved by Franchisor. 
15.2.3
If Franchisee is a partnership or limited partnership, the partners of the 
partnership shall not, without the prior written consent of Franchisor, admit additional limited or general 
partners, remove a limited or general partner, or otherwise materially alter the powers of any general 
partner. Each general partner shall automatically be deemed a Principal under this Agreement. 
15.2.4
A Principal shall not, without the prior written consent of Franchisor, transfer, 
pledge or otherwise encumber any ownership interest of the Principal in Franchisee, as such is identified 
in Exhibit B. 
15.3
Conditions on Transfer. Franchisor shall not unreasonably withhold any consent required 
by Section 15.2. However, if the proposed transfer alone or together with other previous, simultaneous, or 
proposed transfers would: (a) have the effect of changing control of Franchisee; (b) result in the assignment 
of the rights and obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement; or (c) transfer the ownership interest in 
all or substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Store, Franchisor shall have the right to require any or 
all of the following as conditions of its approval: 
15.3.1
All of Franchisee’s monetary obligations and all other outstanding obligations to 
Franchisor, its affiliates, and the approved suppliers of the System have been satisfied in full; 
