34 
12.2.2
The following non-financial reporting: all non-financial environment, social and 
governance (ESG) reporting from all Franchised Stores as reasonably requested by Franchisor, including 
in relation to sustainability, diversity and inclusion, data privacy and modern slavery; and 
12.2.3
The following product inventory transparency and sales information in respect 
of each Gong Cha Store for the previous month, by the tenth (10th) of each month: 
a)
product and supplies inventory levels;  
b) product sales quantity and mix;  
c)
online sales mix as compared to in-store sales (if applicable);  
d) cost of sales per item;  
e)
the stock keeping units, bill of materials, volume and cost of supplies 
purchased from all suppliers (including Franchisor and its affiliates); and  
f)
any other reasonably requested information. 
12.2.4
Franchisee shall prepare financial statements on an accrual basis in accordance 
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), including all adjustments necessary for fair 
presentation of the financial statements. Franchisee shall certify such financial statements to be true and 
correct. Additionally, Franchisor reserves the right to require that such statements be prepared on a review 
basis by an independent certified public accountant. Franchisee shall provide such additional information, 
if any, as Franchisor may reasonably require in order for Franchisor to meet its obligations under GAAP. 
12.2.5
Franchisee shall maintain its books and records, and provide all statements and 
reports to Franchisor, using the standard statements, templates, categories, and chart of accounts that 
Franchisor provides to Franchisee. 
12.2.6
Submit to Franchisor such other periodic reports, forms and records as specified, 
and in the manner and at the time as specified in the Manuals or as Franchisor shall otherwise require in 
writing from time to time (including the requirement that Franchisee provide or make available to 
Franchisor certain sales and financial information in electronic format and/or by electronic means). 
12.3
Inspection and Audit. Franchisor and its respective agents shall have the right at all 
reasonable times to examine and copy, at the expense of Franchisor, the books, records, accounts, and/or 
business tax returns of Franchisee. Franchisor shall also have the right, at any time, to have an independent 
audit made of the books of Franchisee. Franchisee shall cooperate with the auditor(s) and provide 
information and assistance upon the auditor(s)’ request. If an inspection should reveal that any contributions 
or payments have been understated in any statement or report to Franchisor, then Franchisee shall 
immediately pay to Franchisor the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from the date 
such amount was due until paid at the rate of one and one-half percent (1 ½%) per month, or the highest 
interest rate allowed by state law. If an inspection discloses an understatement in any statement or report of 
three percent (3%) or more, Franchisee shall, in addition to repayment of monies owed with interest, 
reimburse Franchisor for any and all costs and expenses connected with the inspection (including travel, 
lodging and wages expenses, and reasonable accounting and legal costs). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Franchisor reserves the right, without notice to Franchisee, to independently access the Franchised Store’s 
accounting and financial systems and data or any accounting or financial systems used or required by 
Franchisor for the System to determine Net Sales and fees due to Franchisor under this Agreement, and 
Franchisee shall grant Franchisor access to all such accounting and financial systems and data. The 
foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies Franchisor may have. 
