38 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
successfully complete, to our satisfaction, the initial training program we offer at a location we 
designate.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.2.)   
You will have the option of training any General Manager (following the training of the first 
General Manager by us) at your Store or other Gong cha® stores operated by you or your affiliates, 
provided that you are in compliance with all agreements between you and your affiliates and us, 
and further provided that the training is conducted: (a) by your Designated Principal or other 
personnel who has successfully completed, to our satisfaction, the initial training program (and 
who remains acceptable to us to provide such training); and (b) in accordance with any 
requirements or standards as we periodically establish in writing for such training.  In the event we 
conduct such training, we reserve the right to require you to pay us our then-current training fee 
for such training.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.3.)   
We also may require that you or your Designated Principal and General Manager attend such 
refresher courses, seminars, and other training programs as we may reasonably require from time 
to time, provided that such training shall not exceed 4 days per person each year, and attendance 
for up to 3 days per person each year at conventions, if any, conducted for our franchisees.  We 
may moreover require that you or your Designated Principal and General Manager attend re-
training programs held by us.  We reserve the right to require you to pay to us our then-current 
training fee for any such training.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.4.)   
You must train your staff as to our standards and requirements.  (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 8.4.) 
Additional Opening or On-site Training 
We will make available to you at our expense and at your Store premises, any assistance in pre-
opening, opening and initial business operation of your Store including providing you with the 
services of one or more of our representatives for supervisory assistance and guidance in 
connection with the opening and initial operations of the Store, as we deem appropriate, in our 
sole discretion.  As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, this assistance will consist of 
5 days of support by one of our representatives (2 days before the opening, opening day, and 2 
days after the opening).  Should you request additional assistance from us in order to facilitate the 
opening of your Store, and should we deem it necessary and appropriate to comply with the 
request, you shall pay our per diem charges and our out-of-pocket expenses in providing such 
additional assistance as periodically set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  We will have 
the right to determine the time or times at which such representatives shall be made available to 
you.  Notwithstanding the above, if you sign an ADA, for the second and each subsequent Gong 
cha® store you develop under the ADA, you will be responsible for conducting opening training, 
and we will not be responsible for aiding you with respect to pre-opening, opening and initial 
business operation at your Store premises.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.3.)   
In addition, if you request that we provide additional on-site supervision or supplemental training 
or that any training programs offered or required by us be conducted for you at your Store, and we 
agree, in our sole discretion, to provide such requested supervision or training, you agree to pay to 
us our then-current per diem charges and out-of-pocket expenses as periodically set forth in the 
Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
