45 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
that was not prepared or previously approved by us.  The Grand Opening Advertising Program 
will be considered local advertising and promotion, as described above.  We require you to deposit 
this sum with us before your Store commences operation to allow us to distribute it as necessary 
to conduct the Grand Opening Advertising Program  (Franchise Agreement – Section 13.5.). 
Advertising Council 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we do not have an advertising council of unit 
and multi-unit franchisees that advises us on advertising policies.  We have the power, however, 
to form, change, merge or dissolve any advertising council.  If we form one for these franchisees, 
we anticipate it will only be advisory, as we will make all final decisions as to the use of Brand 
Marketing Funds.  As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we have formed an 
advertising council (which we refer to as an “advertising committee”) for the Gong cha® master 
franchise system in the United States.  Currently, all US master franchisees are members of the 
advertising committee, and it serves in an advisory capacity.  We do not anticipate that unit and/or 
multi-unit franchisees will participate in this advertising committee.  (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 8.26.) 
Gift Cards and Other Promotional Programs 
You must participate in all promotional programs we develop for the System; in the manner we 
direct in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  Without limiting the preceding sentence, you must 
participate in all programs and services we develop for frequent customers, senior citizens, 
children, and other categories, which may include providing discount or complimentary Products.  
In addition, you must sell or otherwise issue gift cards or certificates (together “Gift Cards”) that 
have been prepared utilizing the standard form of Gift Card provided or designated by us, and only 
in the manner specified by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  You must fully honor all 
Gift Cards that are in the form provided or approved by us regardless of whether a Gift Card was 
issued by you or another Gong cha® store.  You must sell, issue, and redeem (without any offset 
against any Royalty Fee or other contribution) Gift Cards in accordance with procedures and 
policies specified by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, including those relating to 
procedures by which you must request reimbursement for Gift Cards issued by other Gong cha® 
stores and for making timely payment to us, other operators of Gong cha® stores, or a third-party 
service provider for Gift Cards issued from your Store that are honored by us or other Gong cha® 
store operators.  You may not create or issue your own Gift Cards, rewards or loyalty programs, 
or coupons.  We may modify, change, or discontinue any of the promotional programs we develop 
at any time.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.17.) 
Technology System 
We have the right to designate a required technology system (or any components thereof), you must 
purchase, license, or lease, use, and maintain for your Store.  At a minimum, we anticipate the 
technology system will include the following: a point of sale system (which includes a payment 
terminal and card reader); a label and receipt printer; 2 ordering kiosks or monitors syncing with 
the intelligence beverage maker; applications supporting online first party ordering as well as 
loyalty platform management; an electronic video menu board; a personal computer for 
administrative functions; a Store phone system; music sound system; Wi-Fi system (including 
