36 
will pay brand marketing fees to Franchisor that Franchisor will contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund. 
In addition, some of Franchisor’s master franchisees in the United States may pay brand marketing fees to 
Franchisor that Franchisor will contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund. While Franchisor and its affiliates 
are not obligated to contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund, some Gong cha® stores operated by 
Franchisor’s affiliates may still do so. The Brand Marketing Fund shall be maintained and administered by 
Franchisor as follows: 
13.2.1
The Brand Marketing Fund is not a trust or escrow account, Franchisor has no 
fiduciary obligation to Franchisee or any other unit, master, or multi-unit franchisee with respect to the 
Brand Marketing Fund, and Franchisor is not required to segregate the Brand Marketing Fees and other 
funds it receives into a separate restricted account.  
13.2.2
Franchisor has the right to determine the expenditures of the amounts collected 
and the methods of marketing, advertising, media employed and contents, terms and conditions of 
marketing campaigns and promotional programs.  Franchisor is not required to spend a prorated amount 
on any advertising market, including Franchisee’s market.  Franchisor has the right to make disbursements 
from the Brand Marketing Fund for expenses incurred in connection with the cost of formulating, 
developing and implementing marketing, advertising and promotional campaigns and materials, and any 
other activities Franchisor, in its sole and absolute discretion, believe are appropriate to enhance, promote 
and protect the Gong cha® brand and System.  These disbursements may include payments to Franchisor 
for the expense of administering the Brand Marketing Fund, including accounting expenses and salaries 
and benefits paid to Franchisor and its affiliates’ employees engaged in advertising functions, payments 
to Franchisor or designated website programmers for expenses relating to the maintenance of websites, 
and payments to Franchisor or its affiliates or designees for market research, surveys and testing and for 
quality control and evaluation programs.   
13.2.3
Franchisor has the right to spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less 
than the aggregate contributions to the Brand Marketing Fund in that year and Franchisor or its affiliates 
have the right to make loans to the Brand Marketing Fund bearing interest to cover any deficits of the 
Brand Marketing Fund and cause the Brand Marketing Fund to invest any surplus for future use by the 
Brand Marketing Fund.  If Franchisor or its affiliates make a loan to the Brand Marketing Fund, Franchisor 
may use any subsequent contributions to the Brand Marketing Fund to pay back the loan and any interest.
13.2.4
Franchisor, upon request, shall provide Franchisee with an annual unaudited 
statement of the Brand Marketing Fund for the most recent fiscal year. 
13.2.5
Franchisor reserves the right at any time, in its sole discretion, to modify or 
discontinue the Brand Marketing Fund upon written notice to Franchisee, however, Franchisor will not 
discontinue it until all of the monies in the Brand Marketing Fund have been expended. 
13.2.6
Franchisor may, but is not required to, make available to Franchisee from time 
to time, through Franchisor, marketing plans and promotional materials, including newspaper mats, 
coupons, merchandising materials, sales aids, point-of-purchase materials, special promotions, direct mail 
materials, and similar marketing and promotional materials produced from contributions to the Brand 
Marketing Fund. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it shall be reasonable for Franchisor to not 
provide any such materials to Franchisee during any period in which Franchisee is not in full compliance 
with its obligations to contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund. Additionally, if monies of the Brand 
Marketing Fund are used to produce point-of-sale materials, or other samples or other promotional 
materials and items, Franchisor may, on the behalf of the Brand Marketing Fund, sell such items to 
franchisees in the System at a reasonable price, and any proceeds from the sale of such items or materials 
shall be contributed to the Brand Marketing Fund. 
13.3
Cooperative Ad Fund. Franchisor shall have the right to designate any geographical area 
