Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
GONG CHA® 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
This AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into on 
this  
 day of                                      , 20       (the “Effective Date”), by and between: 
GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC a limited liability company organized in Delaware, 
having offices at 200 Clarendon St., Suite 5600, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (“Franchisor”); 
and 
               a [resident of] 
[corporation organized in] [limited liability company organized in] [select one], having offices at 
 (“Developer”). 
BACKGROUND: 
A. 
Franchisor’s parent and predecessor Gong Cha Global Limited, a limited liability company 
formed in England and Wales, whose registered office is at 2nd Floor 20 Midtown, 20 Procter Street, Long, 
England, WC1V 6NX (“GCG”), is the owner of the System (as defined below), including the mark “Gong 
cha” and other Proprietary Marks (as defined below). 
B. 
Pursuant to an “IP License Agreement,” GCG has granted to Franchisor for an ongoing 
license and royalty fee the exclusive right to use, and license the right to use, GCG’s intellectual property 
and proprietary rights relating to the System, including the Proprietary Marks, in the United States and, to 
among other things, offer and sell Gong cha® master, multi-unit and unit franchises, operate Gong cha® 
stores, and provide support and coordinate the distribution of Proprietary Products (as defined below) and 
other items to US master franchisees and Gong cha® stores.   
C. 
Franchisor grants to qualified developers the right to develop, own and operate multiple 
Gong cha® stores within a defined geographic area, provided such developers continuously meet the 
agreed-upon development schedule and Franchisor’s heightened standards of performance for developers. 
D. 
Developer desires to obtain the right to develop and operate multiple Franchised Stores (as 
defined below) under the System and using the Proprietary Marks and within the Development Area (as 
defined below), and wishes to enter into this Agreement for that purpose. 
E. 
Developer acknowledges that it has read this Agreement and Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document and that it understands and accepts the terms, conditions and covenants contained in 
this Agreement as being reasonably necessary to maintain Franchisor’s high standards of quality and service 
and the uniformity of those standards at all Franchised Stores in order to protect and preserve the goodwill 
of the Proprietary Marks and the brand.  Developer understands and accepts that the signing of any 
Franchise Agreement for a Franchised Store is conditioned on Developer’s receipt of Franchisor’s 
Franchise Disclosure Document and compliance with applicable waiting periods, and the opening and any 
Franchised Store is conditioned on the parties validly executing a Franchise Agreement in advance of such 
opening. 
F. 
Developer has applied for franchise development rights to own and operate multiple 
Franchised Stores within the Development Area, and such application has been approved by Franchisor in 
reliance upon all of the representations, warranties and covenants made herein. 
