5 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Again, following the US Restructuring, we are the US franchisor of the Gong cha® system.  As of 
December 31, 2024, there were 7 Gong cha® master franchise businesses in the United States 
operated by master franchisees (3 of which had their development rights terminated in 2024 but 
continue to own and operate their Gong cha® master franchise businesses) (the “Existing Master 
Franchisees”). As of March 26, 2025, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement under which 
we bought out the master franchise rights of, and terminated our master franchise agreement with, 
master franchisee Gong Cha CA Franchise, LLC for the authorized territory consisting of the State 
of California. As a result, the subfranchise agreements of the subfranchised stores were assigned to 
us and Gong Cha CA Franchise, LLC executed Gong cha® unit franchise agreements for its 2 
existing stores. As of February 12, 2026, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement under which 
we bought out the master franchise rights of, terminated our master franchise agreement with, and 
purchased certain assets from, master franchisee DRSAM USA LLC (“DRSAM”) (who had 
assigned its “Subfranchisor Rights” under its master franchise agreement with us to Gong Cha 
Franchise LLC, and had assigned its “Product Distribution Rights” under its master franchise 
agreement with us to GC Distribution Services, LLC) for the authorized territory consisting of the 
States of Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, 
North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Texas. As a result, the 
subfranchise agreements of the subfranchised stores were assigned to us, and our affiliates, upon 
landlord approval, will take  over the operation of the existing Gong cha® stores that were being 
operated by DRSAM and its affiliates. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, there were another 25 
Gong cha® master franchise businesses operating in 25 other markets, including Australia, 
Belgium, Brunei, Cambodia, Canada, Central Americas, France (incorporating Mauritius), Hong 
Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Macau, Malaysia, Mexico, the Middle East, Morocco, Myanmar, New 
Zealand, the Philippines, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, the United 
Kingdom, and Vietnam.  The Gong cha® master franchise businesses of the Existing Master 
Franchisees are operated under separate master franchise agreements (or MFAs) with us.  As of 
December 31, 2024, there were a total of 235 Gong cha® stores operating in the United States, 31 
of which were operated by master franchisees or their affiliates, 2 of which were operated by our 
US-based affiliates, 4 of which were operated by direct unit franchisees, and 198 of which were 
operated by third-party subfranchisees / sublicensees. 
Except as described above, GCG and GCI do not offer, and have never offered, franchises in any 
line of business.  In addition, except as described above, GCG and GCI have never operated a 
Gong cha® store or multi-unit franchise business similar to the ones being offered under this 
disclosure document, nor have GCG and GCI operated a Gong cha® master franchise business.   
Our Affiliates and their Business Experience 
Our affiliate GCPS distributes the certain Products, including Proprietary Products, to certain 
customers in the United States, including our US master franchisees and unit franchisees, pursuant 
to a non-exclusive distribution agreement with GCG and a services agreement with us.  GCPS 
does not offer, and has never offered, franchises in any line of business.  In addition, GCPS has 
never operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit franchise business similar to the ones being offered 
under this disclosure document, nor has GCPS operated a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
