E-7 
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
Any claims Developer may have against Franchisor that have arisen under the Minnesota Franchise 
Laws shall be governed by the Minnesota Franchise Law. 
Developer consents to Franchisor seeking injunctive relief without the necessity of showing actual 
or threatened harm.  A court shall determine if a bond or other security is required. 
Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be commenced no more 
than 3 years after the cause of action accrues. 
2. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
3. 
Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning given them in 
the Area Development Agreement. 
4. 
Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Area Development Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
5. 
This Addendum is being entered into in connection with the Area Development Agreement.  In the 
event of any conflict between this Addendum and the Area Development Agreement, the terms and 
conditions of this Addendum shall apply. 
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, the 
jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act are met independently without reference to this 
Addendum. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date the Area 
Development Agreement was executed. 
IF CORPORATION, LLC, OR PARTNERSHIP:
FRANCHISOR: 
DEVELOPER: 
GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC 
By: 
 
By: 
 
Name:  
Name:  
Title: 
 
Title: 
 
IF INDIVIDUAL: 
DEVELOPER: 
Name:  
