6 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Our affiliate Gong Cha Korea Co. Ltd. (“GCK”) has served as the Gong cha® master franchisee 
in Korea since April 2012.  GCK’s principal business address is 8F (Doosan Art Center Bldg), 15, 
Jong-ro 33-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, Korea.  As master franchisee, GCK develops and operates, and 
subfranchises to third parties the right to operate, Gong cha® stores in Korea, and supports and 
sells product to these stores.  As of December 31, 2024, there were 62 Gong cha® stores operated 
by GCK directly in Korea, and 836 Gong cha® stores operated by GCK’s subfranchisees in Korea.  
Except as described above, GCK does not offer, and has never offered, franchises in any other line 
of business.  In addition, except as described above, GCK has never operated a Gong cha® store 
or multi-unit franchise business similar to the ones being offered under this disclosure document, 
nor has GCK operated a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
Our affiliate Gong Cha Japan Co. (“GCJ”) has served as the Gong cha® master franchisee in Japan 
since March 2015.  GCJ’s principal business address is 4-11-1 Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 
Japan.  As master franchisee, GCJ develops and operates, and subfranchises to third parties the 
right to operate, Gong cha® stores in Japan, and supports and sells product to these stores.  As of 
December 31, 2024, there were 33 Gong cha® stores operated by GCJ directly in Japan, and 143  
Gong cha® stores operated by GCJ’s subfranchisees in Japan.  Except as described above, GCJ 
does not offer, and has never offered, franchises in any other line of business.  In addition, except 
as described above, GCJ has never operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit franchise business 
similar to the ones being offered under this disclosure document, nor has GCJ operated a Gong 
cha® master franchise business.   
Our affiliate Gong Cha USA, Inc. (“GCUSA”) was formed to act as GCG’s guarantor in certain 
situations.  GCG included GCUSA’s audited financial statements and guarantee in several of its 
prior US FDDs, and certain US master franchisees have included and continue to include 
GCUSA’s audited financial statements and guarantee in their US FDDs.  GCUSA’s principal 
business address is the same as ours.  GCUSA does not offer, and has never offered, franchises in 
any line of business.  In addition, GCUSA has never operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit 
franchise business similar to the ones being offered under this disclosure document, nor has 
GCUSA operated a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
Our affiliates GC Naperville, IL, LLC, GC State Street, LLC, GC West Sheridan, LLC and GC 
North Lincoln, LLC (collectively “GCIL”), were each formed by GCA to own and operate a single 
Gong cha® store in the Chicago, Illinois market.  As of December 31, 2024, GC Naperville, IL, 
LLC was operating a Gong cha® store in Naperville, Illinois, and GC State Street, LLC was 
operating a Gong cha® store in Chicago, Illinois.  Other affiliates also may open Gong cha® stores 
in the Chicago, Illinois market or in other markets outside of the territories granted to US Gong 
cha® master franchisees.  None of our affiliates described in this paragraph have ever offered 
franchises in any line of business.  In addition, except as described above, none of our affiliates 
described in this paragraph have operated a Gong cha® store or multi-unit franchise business 
similar to the ones being offered under this disclosure document, nor have these affiliates operated 
a Gong cha® master franchise business. 
Except as described above, we have no parents, predecessors, or affiliates that are required to be 
disclosed in this Item 1. 
