US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026) 
RECEIPT 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other information in plain language.  
Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully. 
If Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 calendar days 
before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed 
franchise sale.  Michigan requires that Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC gives you this disclosure document at least 10 
business days before the execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or payment of any consideration, whichever 
occurs first. New York requires you to receive this disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or 10 
business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the 
franchise relationship. If Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains 
a false or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should 
be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580, and the appropriate state agency identified on 
Exhibit B. 
The franchisor is Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC, 200 Clarendon St., Suite #5600 Boston, Massachusetts, 02116.  Its 
telephone number is (775) 799-0070. The franchise sellers involved in offering and selling the franchise to you include 
Michael Nedelkovich Jr., who can be reached at 200 Clarendon Street, Suite #5600, Boston, Massachusetts 02116; (775) 
799-0070 .  Any other franchise sellers involved in offering and selling the franchise to you are listed below (with address 
and telephone number), or will be provided to you separately before you sign a franchise agreement:  
Issuance Date:  March 29, 2025, as amended February 18, 2026 
Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC authorizes the respective parties identified on Exhibit B to receive service of process for 
us in the particular state. 
I have received a disclosure document with an Issuance Date of March 29, 2025, as amended February 18, 2026, that included 
the following Exhibits: 
Exhibit A. 
State Specific Addenda to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B. 
List of State Agencies and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit C. 
Table of Contents of the Manuals 
Exhibit D. 
Existing and Former Unit Franchisees of Franchisor 
Exhibit E. 
Existing and Former Third-Party Subfranchisees / Sublicensees of Franchisor’s US Master Franchisees 
Exhibit F. 
Financial Statements 
Exhibit G. 
Franchise Agreement with exhibits:  Data Sheet; List of Principals and Designated Principal; Guaranty, 
Indemnification, and Acknowledgment; Authorization Agreement for Prearranged Payments; Non-
Disclosure and Non-Compete for Franchisee’s Employees; Lease Terms; state-specific addenda; Data 
Protection; and Form of Profit and Loss Statement; Special Licensed Products Application Form 
Exhibit H. 
Area Development Agreement and attachments:  Development Area; Development Schedule; Guaranty, 
Indemnification, and Acknowledgment; Lease Terms; Selection Criteria; and state-specific addenda 
Exhibit I. 
Form of General Release 
Exhibit J. 
Franchisee Questionnaire 
Indicate the date on which you received this disclosure document, sign, indicate the date you signed this Receipt, and 
promptly return one completed copy of the Receipt to Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC, at 200 Clarendon St., Suite #5600 
Boston, Massachusetts, 02116 or michael.nedelkovich@gong-cha.com.  Keep the second copy of the Receipt for your 
records. 
Date Disclosure Document Received  
Prospective Franchisee’s Signature 
Date Receipt Signed 
Print Name 
Address:  
