7
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
4.
FEES AND REBATES 
4.1.
Development Fee.  For the territorial rights granted to Developer under Section 2.2, 
Developer shall pay Franchisor the Development Fee described in Attachment A to this Agreement. 
Franchisor will credit a portion of the Development Fee to reduce the Initial Franchise Fees for each 
Franchised Store Developer establishes under this Agreement, as further described in Attachment A to this 
Agreement.   
4.2.
Initial Franchise Fees.  Developer shall pay Franchisor Initial Franchise Fees, as 
described in Attachment A. 
4.3.
Growth Incentives.  As further described in Attachment A of this Agreement, Franchisor 
will offer to Developer certain Growth Incentives, which if met, will result in the waiver of Initial Franchise 
Fees for certain Franchise Stores, or Franchisor’s payment of Development Sales Rebates to Developer for 
certain Franchised Stores. 
5.
TRADEMARKS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
5.1 
Ownership of Proprietary Marks.  Developer acknowledges that Developer has no 
interest in or to the Proprietary Marks and Developer’s right to use the Proprietary Marks is derived solely 
from the individual Franchise Agreements entered into between Developer and Franchisor.  Developer 
agrees that all use of the Proprietary Marks by Developer and any goodwill established exclusively benefits 
Franchisor and GCG.  Developer agrees that after termination or expiration of this Agreement, Developer 
will not, except with respect to Franchised Stores operated by Developer under individual Franchise 
Agreements, directly or indirectly, identify itself or any business as a developer for, or otherwise associated 
with, Franchisor or use in any manner any Proprietary Marks or trade dress of a Franchised Store or any 
colorable imitation thereof.  Developer must not use the name “Gong cha” or any Proprietary Marks as part 
of any corporate or trade name in any modified form, or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in 
writing by Franchisor.  Developer cannot use any of the Proprietary Marks in any business or activity, other 
than the business conducted by Developer pursuant to individual Franchise Agreements. 
5.2 
Confidential Information.  Developer acknowledges and agrees that it shall not, during 
the Term of this Agreement or thereafter, communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person 
or entity, or commit any act that adversely affects, any Confidential Information.  Developer shall treat 
Confidential Information as confidential at all times and use all reasonable efforts to keep Confidential 
Information confidential.  Developer shall divulge Confidential Information only to such of its employees 
as must have access to it in order to operate its Franchised Stores. For the avoidance of doubt, Developer 
may not use Confidential Information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence 
development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data 
aggregation activities without the express written consent of Franchisor. Such uses shall not be deemed 
related to the performance of this Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  Developer shall not, without 
prior written consent by Franchisor, input any confidential information into any generative AI platform, or 
disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  Developer shall opt out of 
allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training of any AI 
model or for other purposes.   
6.
TRANSFER 
6.1.
Consent Required.  Developer understands that Franchisor has entered into this 
Agreement in reliance upon Developer’s individual or collective character, aptitude, attitude, business 
ability and financial capacity.  Developer must obtain Franchisor’s written consent prior to any Transfer.  
