14
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
11.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION 
11.1.
Relationship of the Parties.  Developer is an independent contractor.  Franchisor and 
Developer are completely separate entities and are not fiduciaries, partners, joint venturers, or agents of the 
other in any sense and neither shall have the power to bind the other.  No act or assistance given by either 
party to the other pursuant to this Agreement shall be construed to alter the relationship.  Developer shall 
be solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations (including laws and 
regulations, rules, by-laws, orders and ordinances relating to health and safety, the conduct of Franchised 
Stores and the management of its employees), and for Developer’s policies, practices, and decisions relating 
to the operation of all Franchised Stores.  Developer shall obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, 
approvals and registrations necessary under applicable laws and regulations for the conduct of Franchised 
Stores in the Development Area, including filing any regulatory reports.  All costs attributable to such 
compliance shall be borne by Developer. 
11.2.
Indemnification Obligations.  Developer must defend, indemnify, and hold harmless 
Franchisor and its affiliates, including Franchisor’s and its affiliate’s successors, assigns, direct and indirect 
owners, entities under the same ultimate ownership as Franchisor and Franchisor’s and their directors, 
officers, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, and representatives (each an “Indemnified Party” and 
collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), from and against all Losses (defined below) which any of the 
Indemnified Parties may suffer, sustain, or incur as a result of a claim asserted or threatened or inquiry 
made formally or informally, or a legal action, investigation, or other proceeding brought, by a third party 
and directly or indirectly arising out of any Franchised Store’s operation, Developer’s conduct of business 
under this Agreement, Developer’s breach of this Agreement, or Developer’s noncompliance or alleged 
noncompliance with any law, ordinance, rule, or regulation, including any allegation that Franchisor or 
another Indemnified Party is a joint employer or otherwise responsible for Developer’s acts or omissions 
relating to Developer’s employees.  Franchisor will promptly notify Developer of any claim that may give 
rise to a claim of indemnity under this provision once it becomes aware of such claim, provided, however, 
that Franchisor’s failure to provide such notice will not release Developer from Developer’s 
indemnification obligations under this Section 11.2  Developer has no obligation to indemnify or hold 
harmless an Indemnified Party for any Losses to the extent they are determined in a final, unappealable 
ruling issued by a court or arbitrator with competent jurisdiction to have been caused solely and directly by 
the Indemnified Party’s gross negligence, willful misconduct, or willful wrongful omissions, so long as the 
claim to which those Losses relate is not asserted on the basis of theories of vicarious liability (including 
agency, apparent agency, or joint employment) or Franchisor’s failure to compel Developer to comply with 
this Agreement. 
11.3.
Defense of Claims.  Developer must pay all Losses an Indemnified Party incurs pursuant 
to Developer’s obligations of indemnity under this Section 11 regardless of any settlement, actions or 
defense an Indemnified Party undertakes or the subsequent success or failure of any settlement, actions, or 
defense.  Further, Developer agrees to give Franchisor immediate notice of any action, proceeding, demand 
or investigation brought against Developer or any Franchised Stores.  Any of the Indemnified Parties may, 
using its own counsel, by notice to Developer, control any matter in which the Indemnified Party is named 
or directly affected, including specifically any matter that involves a claim relating to the Proprietary Marks 
or any intellectual property rights or confidential information associated with the System, but this will not 
affect Developer’s liability to pay all Losses, including defense costs, incurred by the Indemnified Party in 
defending itself, which obligation is part of Developer’s indemnification obligation.  Developer and each 
Indemnified Party agree to keep the other reasonably apprised of, and respond to any reasonable requests 
concerning, the status of the defense of any claim, and Developer and each Indemnified Party agree to 
cooperate in good faith with each other with respect to the defense of any such claim.  If an Indemnified 
Party does not elect, using its own counsel, to control any matter in which the Indemnified Party is named 
or directly affected, Developer may not, without the Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, (1) settle or 
