8 
3.6
Grand Opening Advertising. Franchisor shall assist Franchisee in developing and 
conducting the Grand Opening Advertising Program (as described in Section 13.5), which program shall 
be conducted at Franchisee’s expense. 
3.7
Guidance. Franchisor may provide periodic advice or offer guidance to Franchisee in the 
marketing, management, and operation of the Franchised Store as Franchisor determines at the time(s) and 
in the manner determined by Franchisor. 
3.8
Inspections. Franchisor shall conduct, as it deems advisable, inspections of the operation 
of the Franchised Store by Franchisee. 
3.9
List of Suppliers. Franchisor shall, in the Manuals (or otherwise in writing as determined 
by Franchisor), provide Franchisee with a list of suppliers designated and/or approved by Franchisor to 
supply Products, equipment, signage, materials and services to franchisees in the System. 
3.10
Delegation. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any duty or obligation imposed on 
Franchisor by this Agreement may be performed by any distributor, designee, employee, supplier or agent 
of Franchisor, as Franchisor may direct. 
4.
FEES
4.1
Initial Franchise Fee.  In consideration of the execution of this Agreement and 
Franchisor’s granting to Franchisee the franchise covered hereby, Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor 
an initial franchise fee of Thirty-Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($34,500) (the “Initial Franchise 
Fee”) as reflected in Exhibit A, which sum shall be deemed fully earned by Franchisor upon receipt thereof 
and is non-refundable as set forth in Section 4.2.
4.2
Refundability. Payment of the Initial Franchise Fee shall be non-refundable in 
consideration of administrative and other expenses incurred by Franchisor in granting this franchise and for 
Franchisor’s lost or deferred opportunity to franchise others. 
4.3
Royalty Fee. In consideration of this franchise granted hereby, the services to be provided 
by Franchisor hereunder, the right to prepare and sell the Products to the general public, and for the use of 
the Proprietary Marks, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, each Week during the term of this Agreement, 
in addition to the Initial Franchise Fee set forth herein, a Royalty Fee equal to six percent (6%) of Net Sales 
generated by, from, or through the Franchised Store (“Royalty Fee”) for such Week and report to 
Franchisor, in the manner specified by Franchisor, its Net Sales (a “Sales Report”) for such Week. As used 
in this Agreement, the following terms shall apply: 
4.3.1
The term “Week” means the period starting with the commencement of business 
on Monday and concluding at the close of business on the following Sunday (or, if the Franchised Store is 
not open on a particular Sunday in accordance with this Agreement or the Manuals, the immediately 
preceding Business Day(as defined in Section 5.1.1)); however, Franchisor shall have the right to designate 
in writing any other period of not less than seven days to constitute a “Week” under this Agreement.   
4.3.2
The term “Net Sales” means all revenue from the sale of all Products and all 
other income of every kind and nature related to, derived from, or originating from the Franchised Store, 
whether at retail or wholesale (whether such sales are permitted or not), whether for cash, check, or credit, 
and regardless of collection in the case of check or credit; provided, however, that “Net Sales” excludes 
any customer refunds, and/or sales taxes collected from customers by Franchisee and actually transmitted 
to the appropriate taxing authorities. 
4.3.3
In the event Franchisor miscalculates any Royalty Fee payment, or any other fee 
