49 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
any website, web page, or social networking or social media site, profile, account or hashtag, 
relating to or making reference to us, your Store, the Marks, or the System. 
You may only sell the products and services we specify to retail customers at or from your Store.  
This means that all sales must be face-to-face to retail customers, for customer consumption at 
your Store or for carry-out or take-away consumption.  You must obtain our prior written approval 
if you wish to engage in off-premises catering or delivery activities, including through any third-
party food ordering and delivery services or aggregators that we have not pre-approved.  If we 
provide our approval, you may engage in these off-premises activities provided that you agree to 
comply with the programs, policies, and other terms and conditions that we may establish.  We 
may require you to participate in one or more third-party food ordering and delivery services or 
aggregators with one or more suppliers that we have approved for the System. You may not offer 
for sale any products or services through any other channels of distribution, including grocery and 
convenience stores and other retail outlets, catalog or mailings, the Internet (or any other existing 
or future form of electronic commerce), and other types of resale (except directly to customers at 
your Store), wholesale, or distribution arrangements, without our prior written consent. We do not 
pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders from your customers.  
If you sign an ADA with us, you will receive a Development Area in which to develop multiple 
Gong cha® stores.  The Development Area is described in Attachment A to the ADA.  Non-
Traditional Sites are specifically excluded from the Development Area even if they are physically 
located within the area described in Attachment A to the ADA, and we have the right to operate 
or to franchise or license others the right to operate Gong cha® stores or other businesses identified 
by the Marks at all Non-Traditional Sites.  You will not receive an exclusive territory in connection 
with an ADA.  You may face competition from other franchises, from outlets that we own or from 
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
The size of the Development Area will vary, depending on a range of factors, including the number 
of Gong cha® stores to be developed, population, demographics within that population, the 
existing retail food and beverage presence and other such factors.  We will not operate or grant a 
franchise to another party to operate a Gong cha® store in the Development Area so long as you 
meet the Development Schedule, meet our standards for franchisees who wish to open additional 
Gong cha® stores, comply with the terms of the ADA, and comply with each related Franchise 
Agreement.  However, we have the right, without any compensation to you, to grant other 
franchises or to develop and operate company-owned or affiliate-owned Gong cha® stores 
anywhere outside of the Development Area.  Furthermore, as described above with respect to the 
Franchise Agreement, we have certain rights under the ADA and each Franchise Agreement to sell 
products and services using the Proprietary Marks or other marks using similar or dissimilar 
channels of distribution in the Development Area without any compensation to you.  If you do not 
comply with the Development Schedule and the ADA, we may terminate the ADA, and grant unit 
and multi-unit franchise rights within the Development Area to third parties. 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, neither we nor our affiliates, offer nor have 
plans to offer, franchises in the United States under different trademarks that sell goods and 
services that are like those you will offer from your Store. 
