1 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and the 
“Franchisor,” means Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC.  “You,” “your,” and the “Franchisee,” 
means the person(s), corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity that buys 
the franchise.  If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity, these 
terms also include any owners of a beneficial interest in you (each a “Principal”), each of whom 
must sign a personal guaranty agreeing to comply with all provisions of the Franchise Agreement 
or the Area Development Agreement, as applicable.  
The Franchisor  
We are a limited liability company incorporated in Delaware on January 10, 2023.  Our principal 
business address is 200 Clarendon St., Suite #5600, Boston, Massachusetts 02116.  We conduct 
business under our corporate name “Gong cha USA Franchising, LLC” and under the name “Gong 
cha.”  
Our agents for service of process are disclosed on Exhibit B. 
The Gong cha® Brand 
As further described below, we, our predecessors and affiliates Gong Cha Global Limited (“GCG”) 
and Gong Cha International Co., Ltd. (f/k/a Royal Tea Taiwan Co. Ltd.) (“GCI”), and other of our 
affiliates have developed, and continue to develop, the Gong cha® brand and System (as defined 
below).  Founded in 2006 in Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan, “Gong cha,” which translates to “tribute 
tea for the emperor,” is one of the most recognized Taiwanese tea brands in the world.  The brand’s 
leading product is its famous Taiwanese-style bubble tea, which is sweet, milk tea infused with pearl-
shaped tapioca.  The Gong cha® brand expanded from Taiwan to Korea in 2012 and continued 
expansion throughout Asia beginning in 2013, with further expansion to the United States in April 
2014.  As of December 31, 2024, there were 2,162 Gong cha® stores in 27 markets, including 
Australia, Belgium, Brunei, Cambodia, Canada, France, Honduras, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, 
Macau, Malaysia, Mauritius, Morocco, Myanmar, Mexico, New Zealand, the Philippines, Portugal, 
Puerto Rico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, the United States 
and Vietnam.
The Business 
Unit Franchises 
We offer to select qualified candidates, that meet our then-current selection criteria and other 
standards, unit franchises for the establishment, development, and operation of a single store that 
primarily offers and sells a variety of bubble tea blends, coffees and teas, smoothies, juices, and 
other related products using a proprietary business format and system (the “System”).  Stores 
operating under the System will use the mark “Gong cha” and other indicia of origin, emblems, 
trade names, service marks, logos, and trademarks we or GCG have designated or may designate 
in connection with the System (the “Proprietary Marks” or “Marks”).  These stores also operate 
using and offering System proprietary recipes, ingredients, formula, techniques, and products we 
