32 
of doubt, Franchisee may not use confidential information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented 
human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, 
or similar data aggregation activities without the express written consent of Franchisor. Such uses shall not 
be deemed related to the performance of this Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  Franchisee shall not, 
without prior written consent by Franchisor, input any confidential information into any generative AI 
platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  Franchisee shall 
opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training 
of any AI model or for other purposes.  The term “confidential information” shall mean any and all 
information, knowledge, know-how, methods, and techniques that may be communicated to Franchisee by 
Franchisor or its affiliates or of which Franchisee may be apprised by virtue of Franchisee’s operation under 
the terms of this Agreement concerning Franchisor or its affiliates, including GCG, other Gong cha® stores 
or franchisees, or the System, the Products and/or the marketing, management or operations of the 
Franchised Store (regardless of whether or not Franchisor has specifically designated it as “confidential”), 
except information which Franchisee can demonstrate came to its attention prior to disclosure thereof by 
Franchisor; or which, at or after the time of disclosure by Franchisor or its affiliates to Franchisee, had 
become or later becomes a part of the public domain, through publication or communication by others who 
are lawfully entitled to publish or communicate that information. 
11.2
Individual Covenants of Confidentiality. Franchisee shall require its manager(s) and any 
personnel having access to any confidential information of Franchisor or its affiliates to execute covenants 
that they will maintain the confidentiality of information they receive in connection with their employment 
by Franchisee at the Franchised Store. Such covenants shall be in a form approved by Franchisor, including 
specific identification of Franchisor as a third-party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent 
right to enforce them, the current form of which is attached as Exhibit E. If Franchisee has any reason to 
believe that any such personnel has violated the provisions of such covenants, Franchisee shall promptly 
notify Franchisor and shall cooperate with Franchisor and its affiliates to protect them against unlawful use 
of such confidential information including the prosecution of any legal proceedings.  
11.3
Remedies for Breach. Franchisee acknowledges that any failure to comply with the 
requirements of this Section 11 will cause Franchisor and its affiliates irreparable injury, and Franchisee 
agrees that Franchisor and its affiliates, as applicable, may seek specific performance and/or injunctive 
relief to enforce this Section 11, in addition to any other relief or remedy to which Franchisor  and its 
affiliates may be entitled, and Franchisee agrees to pay all court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees 
incurred by Franchisor and its affiliates, as applicable, in obtaining specific performance of, or an injunction 
against violation of, the requirements of this Section 11. 
11.4
Improvements. Franchisee shall fully and promptly disclose to Franchisor all ideas, 
concepts, products, recipes, process methods, techniques, improvements, or additions relating to the 
development and/or operation of Gong Cha Stores or the System, or any new trade names, service marks 
or other commercial symbols, or associated logos relating to the operation of Gong Cha Stores or the 
System, or any advertising or promotion ideas related to the Gong Cha Stores or the System (collectively, 
the “Improvements”) that Franchisee, its affiliates, owners, employees or agents conceive or develop 
during the term of this Agreement.  All Improvements shall be Franchisor’s or GCG’s property, as 
Franchisor directs. Franchisee shall, and shall procure that its affiliates, owners, employees or agents shall, 
sign all documents necessary to evidence the assignment of the Improvements to Franchisor or GCG, as 
Franchisor directs, without any additional compensation.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisor or GCA, as applicable, has the perpetual right to use and authorize others to use the 
Improvements without any obligation to Franchisee, its affiliates or subfranchisees/licensees, or their 
respective owners, employees of agents, for royalties or other fees.  
11.5
Trade Secrets. Franchisee understands and agrees that it will come into possession of 
certain trade secrets of Franchisor and its affiliates, including GCG, concerning the manner in which 
Franchisor and its affiliates conduct business, including: recipes and formulas; methods of doing business 
or business processes; strategic business plans; customer lists and information; marketing and promotional 
