11 
indicates only that Franchisor believes the site complies with acceptable minimum criteria established by 
Franchisor solely for its purposes as at the time of the evaluation. Both Franchisee and Franchisor 
acknowledge that application of criteria that have been effective with respect to other sites and Premises 
may not be predictive of potential for all sites and that, subsequent to approval by Franchisor of a site, 
demographic and/or economic factors, such as competition from other similar businesses, included in or 
excluded from criteria used by Franchisor, could change, thereby altering the potential of a site. Such 
factors are unpredictable and are beyond the control of Franchisor. Franchisor shall not be responsible for 
the failure of a site approved by Franchisor to meet Franchisee’s expectations as to revenue or operational 
criteria. 
5.2
Lease Terms. 
5.2.1
Franchisee shall acquire or lease the Approved Location at its own expense. 
5.2.2
For the Franchised Store to be developed hereunder, if Franchisee will occupy 
the Premises from which the Franchised Store will be operated under a lease or sublease, Franchisee shall, 
prior to execution of such lease, submit the lease to Franchisor for its review and approval. Lease review 
fees incurred by Franchisor in connection with Franchisor's first lease review are included as part of the 
Initial Franchise Fee and Franchisee shall not be required to pay a lease review fee in connection therewith. 
If Franchisor is required to engage in more than one lease review for the proposed franchised location (or 
a different proposed franchised location), Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to pay to 
Franchisor or its designated supplier a nonrefundable lease review fee of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000) 
for each lease review Franchisor undertakes (“Lease Review Fee”). The Lease Review Fee covers the 
expenses that Franchisor incurs to have the lease agreement reviewed on Franchisor's behalf. Franchisee 
is not a third-party beneficiary of the lease review. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor does not guarantee 
that the terms, including rent, shall represent the most favorable terms available in the market. Franchisor 
is not required and has no obligation to negotiate the terms of Franchisee’s lease. Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor with a copy of Franchisee’s fully executed lease agreement immediately after signing. 
5.2.3
If pre-submission to Franchisor is not possible, then Franchisee may sign the 
lease only on the condition, agreed to in writing by the lessor, that the lease shall become null and void if 
Franchisor does not approve such lease. Franchisor’s approval of the lease or sublease may be conditioned 
upon the inclusion of such provisions as Franchisor may reasonably require, including the terms and 
conditions set forth by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing from time to time, a current list 
of which is included in Exhibit F to this Agreement. 
5.2.4
Franchisee shall comply with the terms and conditions of any lease agreement in 
relation to the Approved Location and make all payments due under the lease punctually.  
5.3
Lease Renewal Efforts. If the term of the lease for the Premises is shorter than the term 
that this Agreement is in force, Franchisee agrees to use its best efforts to obtain a renewal of the existing 
lease of the Premises, or a new lease for the Premises, to enable Franchisee to continue to operate the 
Franchised Store at the Approved Location for the duration of the term of this Agreement. Franchisee shall 
provide Franchisor with written notice of lease expiration no later than eight (8) months prior to the 
expiration of Franchisee’s lease term.
5.4
Preparing a Location. Before commencing any construction of the Franchised Store, 
Franchisee, at its expense, shall comply, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, with all the following requirements: 
5.4.1
Franchisee shall employ a qualified, licensed architect or engineer who has been 
approved or designated (as described below) by Franchisor to prepare, subject to Franchisor’s approval, 
preliminary plans and specifications for site improvement and/or construction of the Franchised Store 
based upon prototype plans and/or specifications furnished by Franchisor, as described in Section 3.1. 
Franchisor shall have the right to designate one or more suppliers of design services and/or architecture 
