2 
GONG CHA® 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into on this 
 day of                                      , 20       (the “Effective Date”), by and between: 
GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC a limited liability company organized in Delaware, 
having offices at 200 Clarendon St., Suite 5600, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (“Franchisor”); and 
a [resident of] 
[corporation organized in] [limited liability company organized in] [select one], having offices at
(“Franchisee”). 
BACKGROUND: 
A.
As further described below, Franchisor has the right to use, and license to franchisees the 
right to use, the Gong cha® business format and system (the “System”) relating to the establishment and 
operation of stores, which operate at retail locations that display the System interior and exterior trade dress 
and feature and operate under the Proprietary Marks (as defined below) (each a “Gong Cha Store”). Gong 
Cha Stores offer tea, coffee, and juice, along with related products and services, and operate using and 
offering System proprietary recipes, ingredients, formula, techniques and products designated from time to 
time (“Proprietary Products”), as well as other non-proprietary food, beverage, and other compatible 
items designated from time to time (collectively with the Proprietary Products, “Products”). 
B.
The distinguishing characteristics of the System include intellectual property (including all 
related copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, trade 
or business names, rights protecting trade secrets and confidential information, rights protecting goodwill 
and reputation, and all other similar or corresponding proprietary rights and all applications for the same, 
whether presently existing or created in the future, and whether registered or not), distinctive exterior and 
interior design, decor, color schemes, fixtures, and furnishings; recipes, standards and specifications for 
products, equipment, materials, and supplies; uniform standards, specifications, and procedures for 
operations; purchasing and sourcing procedures; procedures for inventory and management control; 
training and assistance; and marketing and promotional programs; all of which may be changed, improved, 
and further developed by Franchisor or GCG (as defined below) from time to time. 
C.
The System is identified by means of certain indicia of origin, emblems, trade names, 
service marks, logos, and trademarks, including applications and/or registrations therefor, as are now 
designated and may hereafter be designated by Franchisor or GCG in writing for use in connection with the 
System including the mark “Gong cha” and other marks (the “Proprietary Marks”).  
D.
The Proprietary Marks, as well as the intellectual property and proprietary rights relating 
to the System, are owned by Franchisor’s parent and predecessor Gong Cha Global Limited, a limited 
liability company formed in England and Wales, whose registered office is at 2nd Floor 20 Midtown, 20 
Procter Street, Long, England, WC1V 6NX (“GCG”). 
E.
Pursuant to an “IP License Agreement,” GCG has granted to Franchisor for an ongoing 
license and royalty fee the exclusive right to use, and license the right to use, GCG’s intellectual property 
and proprietary rights relating to the System, including the Proprietary Marks, in the United States and, to 
among other things, offer and sell Gong cha® master, multi-unit and unit franchises, operate Gong cha® 
stores, and provide support and coordinate the distribution of Proprietary Products and other items to US 
master franchisees and Gong cha® stores.   
F.
Franchisee desires to enter into the business of operating a Gong Cha Store under the 
System and using the Proprietary Marks, and wishes to enter into this Agreement with Franchisor for that 
