41 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
brand marketing fees to us that we will contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund.  In addition, some 
of our master franchisees in the United States may pay brand marketing fees to us that we will 
contribute to the Brand Marketing Fund.  While we and our affiliates are not obligated to contribute 
to the Brand Marketing Fund, some Gong cha® stores operated by our affiliates may still do so.  
(Franchise Agreement – Section 13.2.) 
We maintain and administer the Brand Marketing Fund.  The Brand Marketing Fund is not a trust 
or escrow account, we have no fiduciary obligation to you or any other unit, multi-unit or master 
franchisee with respect to the Brand Marketing Fund, and we are not required to segregate the 
Brand Marketing Fees and other funds we receive into a separate restricted account. 
We have the right to determine the expenditures of the amounts collected and the methods of 
marketing, advertising, media employed and contents, terms and conditions of marketing 
campaigns and promotional programs.  We may create marketing materials in-house or use 
national, regional, and local agencies.  Advertising may be placed in local, regional, or national 
media of our choice, including print, direct mail, electronic and online advertising, radio, or 
television.  We are not required to spend a prorated amount on any advertising market, including 
your market.  We have the right to make disbursements from the Brand Marketing Fund for 
expenses incurred in connection with the cost of formulating, developing and implementing 
marketing, advertising and promotional campaigns and materials, and any other activities we, in 
our sole and absolute discretion, believe are appropriate to enhance, promote and protect the Gong 
cha® brand and System.  These disbursements may include payments to us for the expense of 
administering the Brand Marketing Fund, including accounting expenses and salaries and benefits 
paid to us and our affiliates’ employees engaged in advertising functions, payments to us or 
designated website programmers for expenses relating to the maintenance of websites, and 
payments to us or our affiliates or designees for market research, surveys and testing and for quality 
control and evaluation program.  We will not spend any portion of the Brand Marketing Funds on 
advertising principally designed to solicit the sale of unit, multi-unit or master franchises.   
We have the right to spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate 
contributions to the Brand Marketing Fund in that year and we or our affiliates have the right to 
make loans to the Brand Marketing Fund bearing interest to cover any deficits of the Brand 
Marketing Fund and cause the Brand Marketing Fund to invest any surplus for future use by the 
Brand Marketing Fund.  If we or our affiliates make a loan to the Brand Marketing Fund, we may 
use any subsequent contributions to the Brand Marketing Fund to pay back the loan and any 
interest.  We reserve the right at any time, in our sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the 
Brand Marketing Fund upon written notice to you, however, we will not discontinue it until all the 
monies in the Brand Marketing Fund have been expended. 
Upon request, we will provide you with an annual unaudited statement of the Brand Marketing 
Fund for the most recent fiscal year. 
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, expenditures from the Brand Marketing Fund 
were made in the following categories: 22.1% on digital media, 25.9% on agency fees, 21.2% on 
management salaries and 30.8% on store community. 
