24 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
current Initial Franchise Fee multiplied by the number of Stores you agree to develop.  Again, 
while the Development Fee is not refundable and is for the territorial rights being granted in the 
Development Area under the ADA, we will credit a portion of the Development Fee to reduce the 
Initial Franchise Fee you must pay to us for each Store you develop under the ADA.  In addition, 
at the beginning of each development year under an ADA, you must pay to us an amount equal to 
one half of our current Initial Franchise Fee (due to the Development Fee credit described above) 
multiplied by the Tier 1 Minimum Development Target for that development year.  This Initial 
Franchise Fee amount is not refundable but will cover the Initial Franchise Fees due for any Stores 
you open in that development year (See Item 5 and Attachment A to the ADA). 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we anticipate that we will typically enter 
ADAs for the development of 10 to 20 or more Stores.  For example, if you sign an ADA with a 
Development Schedule of 10 Stores over 5 years with a Tier 1 Minimum Development Target of 
2 Stores for the first development year, you would pay us a Development Fee of $172,500, plus 
$34,500 for one half of the Initial Franchise Fees for the first 2 Stores in Year 1.  Similarly, if you 
sign an ADA with a Development Schedule of 20 Stores over 5 years with a Tier 1 Minimum 
Development Target of 4 Stores for the first development year, you would pay us a Development 
Fee of $345,000, plus $69,000 for one half of the Initial Franchise Fees for the first 4  Stores in 
Year 1.   
Other than as stated above regarding the Development Fee and the Initial Franchise Fee amount 
payable at the beginning of each development year, start-up costs for the individual Stores opened 
under an ADA are the same as the estimated costs to open a single Store (which is described in the 
table above in this Item 7), subject to potential increases over time due to inflation and other 
economic factors. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
To ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout the Gong 
cha® system in the United States and in conjunction with the System, you must maintain and 
comply with our quality standards. 
Purchases from Us or Designated or Approved Suppliers; Products and Supplies 
You must only purchase all supplies for the preparation and sale of the Products (including the 
Proprietary Products), uniforms, and all equipment, including machines and a technology system 
(including point-of-sale system and computers, related hardware and software, a Store phone 
system, music sound system, Wi-Fi system and security system, and other components), and other 
materials required for or as part of the establishment or operation of Gong cha® stores, as we may 
periodically specify or prescribe (collectively, the “Supplies”), from us, GCPS or other suppliers 
we periodically designate (“Designated Suppliers”) or approve (“Approved Suppliers”) 
(collectively, the “Suppliers”).   
You may not distribute, sell, resell, supply, license, sublicense, lease, rent, loan, market, provide 
access to, make available or transfer any Supplies to any third party.  If we issue specifications and 
