23 
to correct such deficiencies within a reasonable time as determined by Franchisor, Franchisor shall have 
the right, but not the obligation, to correct any deficiencies which may be susceptible to correction by 
Franchisor and to charge Franchisee the actual expenses of Franchisor in so acting, which shall be payable 
by Franchisee upon demand. The foregoing shall be in addition to such other remedies Franchisor may 
have. 
8.11
Trademarked Items. Franchisee shall ensure that all advertising and promotional 
materials, signs, decorations, paper goods (including wrapping, packaging supplies, containers for Products, 
napkins, menus and all forms and stationery used in the Franchised Store), Products, and other items 
specified by Franchisor bear the Proprietary Marks in the form, color, location, and manner prescribed by 
Franchisor or its affiliates. Franchisee shall place and illuminate all interior and exterior signs and décor 
items in accordance with Franchisor’s mandatory specifications. 
8.12
Menu and Pricing. Franchisee shall sell or offer to sell those items only on the Gong Cha 
Store menu as approved by Franchisor. Such menu shall be subject to change from time to time as 
Franchisor may determine solely in its discretion. Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s written approval for 
any contemplated menu changes, including all additions to and/or deletions of items sold in the Franchised 
Store. Franchisee shall utilize the standard menu format as required by Franchisor. Such menu format shall 
be subject to change from time to time as Franchisor may determine solely in its discretion. Moreover, 
Franchisor may, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, establish recommended prices for menu items, or a range of recommended prices, or may establish 
maximum prices that shall (in the case of maximum prices only) be adhered to by Franchisee and all other 
similarly situated Gong Cha Stores.  
8.13
Compliance. Franchisee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, by-laws, 
orders and ordinances (including in relation to health and safety, the conduct of its business and 
management of its employees) and shall timely obtain any and all permits, certificates, or licenses necessary 
for the full and proper conduct of the business licensed by this Agreement, including operation licenses, 
licenses to do business and fictitious name registration. 
8.14
Uniforms. Franchisee shall be responsible for having all personnel employed by 
Franchisee wear standard related uniforms and attire during business hours in order to further enhance 
Franchisor’s product and format. Franchisee shall be permitted to purchase such uniforms and attire from 
manufacturers or distributors approved by Franchisor, which uniforms and attire must be in strict 
accordance with Franchisor’s design and other specifications. 
8.15
Governmental Requirements. Franchisor and Franchisee understand and agree that the 
operation of the Franchised Store, maintenance of its Premises and equipment, conduct and appearance of 
its personnel, and the preparation and sale of products therefrom are all regulated by governmental statutes 
and regulations. To this end, Franchisor and Franchisee agree that Franchisee owes an obligation to the 
patrons of the Franchised Store, Franchisor, and to itself, to fully and faithfully comply with all those 
applicable governing authorities, and all of the same are made a part of this Franchise Agreement as if fully 
set forth herein. It is further agreed that in the event any product dispensed at the Franchised Store evidences 
adulteration from the standards and specifications of Franchisor or is in violation of applicable law or 
regulations or in the event the food items, Premises, equipment, personnel or operation of the Franchised 
Store fail to be maintained in accordance with the governmental requirements, Franchisee shall immediately 
close the Franchised Store, terminate selling operations, destroy all contaminated or adulterated products 
and eliminate the source thereof and remedy all unsanitary conditions present, reopening for business only 
after Franchisor’s inspection and laboratory analysis from samples obtained for that purpose by Franchisor, 
evidence a compliance with the applicable governmental requirements and with the standards of Franchisor. 
8.16
Prohibited Product. In the event Franchisee sells any food, beverage, products, premiums, 
novelty items, clothing, souvenirs or performs any services that Franchisor has not prescribed, approved or 
authorized, Franchisee shall (i) cease and desist offering or providing the unauthorized or unapproved food, 
