25 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
standards for goods and services, including the Supplies, we will do so through the Manuals or 
other written communication. 
You must purchase all Proprietary Products from our Designated Supplier GCPS, or from such 
other Supplier we designate.  We have the right to periodically introduce additional, substitute 
new, or discontinue Proprietary Products.  For all other Products and Supplies, we have the right 
to designate the specific brand and/or manufacturer of those Supplies, and to designate an 
exclusive source, or sources, from whom you must purchase those Supplies, which may be us, 
GCPS or another affiliate.  In the event we establish ourselves, or an affiliate, as a Designated 
Supplier (or exclusive supplier) of any piece of equipment, supply, service, or product (including 
any Product), you shall use the transportation or distribution supplier designated by us for the 
delivery of such Product, which transportation or distribution supplier may be us or an affiliate. 
We also have the right to periodically change or revoke these designations upon written notice to 
you. 
We may require you to use a certified public accountant service for bookkeeping and financial 
records management we approve or designate, and you will be required to pay either us or the 
service provider a reasonable monthly fee for such services, as determined by either us or the 
service provider.   
You must adhere to all ordering, delivery and payment policies we, and our affiliates, set forth in 
the Manuals or in writing with respect to all Products, including the Proprietary Products.  You are 
required to pay us, GCPS, or our affiliates, for purchases (including all logistics related costs) five 
business days in advance of the clean bill of lading.  We, GCPS, and our affiliates, can refuse to 
ship any supplies prior to receipt of payment in full.  You may change an order for Supplies from 
us, GCPS, or our affiliates, without additional cost within 5 business days of the order, however, 
after 5 business days such change will be subject to a $200 administrative fee in addition to any 
reasonable change fee to cover any costs, we, GCPS or our other Suppliers may incur.
Approved Suppliers 
If you desire to purchase any Supplies (except the Proprietary Products or Supplies for which we 
have already designated one or more Designated Suppliers) from suppliers other than those 
previously approved by us, you must submit a written request for authorization to purchase such 
Supplies.  You shall not purchase from any Supplier until, and unless, such Supplier has been 
approved in writing by us.  We may deny such a request for any reason, including our 
determination to limit the number of Approved Suppliers.  You must submit such information and 
samples as we may reasonably require.  We will generally notify you of our approval or rejection 
within 30 days of our receipt of all the information and samples we request (any supplier not 
approved within 30 days is deemed rejected).   
Although we do not make available the criteria we review when approving suppliers, we consider 
various factors including whether the Supplier: (i) can demonstrate, to our continuing reasonable 
satisfaction, the ability to meet our then-current standards and specifications for such items; (ii) 
possess adequate quality controls and capacity to supply our needs promptly and reliably; (iii) 
would enable the System, in our sole opinion, to take advantage of marketplace efficiencies; and 
(iv) has been approved in writing by us prior to any purchases by you form such supplier, and have 
