17 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Type of Fee 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Indemnification 
Actual costs 
As incurred 
You must reimburse us if we are 
sued or held liable for claims 
arising from your Store. 
Cost of 
Enforcement or 
Defense  
All costs including 
accounting and attorneys’ 
fees 
As incurred 
Payable only if we retain counsel 
following your breach of any 
obligation you have to us, or if 
we are successful in defending 
any claim you bring against us. 
Taxes 
Amount of tax or 
assessment 
Upon demand 
If any local, state, or federal 
governmental body charges a tax 
on any fee you owe to us or to 
our affiliates, then you are 
required to pay an additional 
amount equal to the amount of 
this tax.  This does not apply to 
any federal or state income taxes 
we or our affiliates must pay. 
All fees must be paid to us in United States Dollars and are not refundable (except as provided 
below).  All fees are uniform for all new franchisees.   
Note 1. 
“Net Sales” means all revenue from the sale of all products, and all other income 
of every kind and nature related to, derived from, or originating from the Store, 
whether at retail or wholesale (whether such sales are permitted or not), whether 
for cash, check, or credit, and regardless of collection in the case of check or credit; 
provided, however, that “Net Sales” excludes any customer refunds, and/or sales 
tax collected from customers by you and actually transmitted to the appropriate 
taxing authorities.  “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
or a national holiday in the United States.  “Week” means the period starting with 
the commencement of business on Monday and concluding at the close of business 
on the following Sunday (or, if the Store is not open on a particular Sunday in 
accordance with the Franchise Agreement or the Manuals, the immediately 
preceding Business Day.) 
Note 2. 
As further described in Item 11, we reserve the right to require you, during each 
Week (except for expenditures on local advertising and promotion, which shall be 
measured on a monthly basis or some other basis we designate), spend and/or 
contribute on advertising and promotion amounts, which, in the aggregate, are 
equal to an amount up to 4% of Net Sales during the preceding Week to advertise 
and to promote the Store (together, the “Advertising Obligation”); provided, 
however, that the Advertising Obligation may exceed such amount under the 
circumstances set forth below.  Your Advertising Obligation will be in the form of 
the following, as we periodically designate:  (i) Brand Marketing Fees to be 
contributed to the Brand Marketing Fund, (ii) Regional Marketing Fees to be 
