Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
G-6 
ADDENDUM TO 
GONG CHA® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE 
STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Gong cha® Franchise Agreement, the following provisions 
shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Gong cha® franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Minnesota: 
The Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or if your business will be located in 
Minnesota. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to the extent that the Franchise 
Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, Franchisor shall comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, that Franchisee be given 180 days’ notice 
for non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement. 
To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, Franchisor will protect Franchisee’s rights to use the 
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial symbols related to the trademarks or 
indemnify Franchisee from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim, suit, or demand regarding the 
use of the trademarks, provided Franchisee is using the names in marks in accordance with the Franchise 
Agreement. 
Franchisee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any 
person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, Franchisor shall comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of 
termination (with 60 days to cure).  Termination of the franchise by the Franchisor shall be effective immediately 
upon receipt by Franchisee of the notice of termination where its grounds for termination or cancellation are: (1) 
voluntary abandonment of the franchise relationship by the Franchisee; (2) the conviction of the Franchisee of an 
offense directly related to the business conducted according to the Franchise Agreement; or (3) failure of the 
Franchisee to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs the goodwill associated 
with the franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or other commercial symbol after the 
Franchisee has received written notice to cure of at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance thereof. 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21, and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit Franchisor from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring Franchisee to consent 
to liquidated damages, termination penalties, or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the Franchise Agreement 
can abrogate or reduce (a) any of Franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C; or (b) 
Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. Franchisee 
cannot consent to Franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. Franchisor may seek injunctive relief. 
Any claims Franchisee may have against Franchisor that have arisen under the Minnesota Franchise Laws shall 
be governed by the Minnesota Franchise Law. 
Franchisee consents to Franchisor seeking injunctive relief without the necessity of showing actual or threatened 
harm. A court shall determine if a bond or other security is required. 
NSF checks are governed by Minnesota Statute Section 604.113, which puts a limit of $30 on service charges. 
