Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-9 
Appendix I to Exhibit H  
Information Security and Data Protection Policy 
1.
Definitions  
In this Appendix I, the following terms have the meanings set out below:  
“Payment Card Data” means credit and debit cardholder data;  
“Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of 
being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual 
or household, including, but not limited to, his or her name, social security number, physical 
characteristics, physical address, email address, telephone number, government issued ID number, 
unique identifier, financial information (e.g. credit card number) or medical information, or any other 
information that qualifies as “personal information” as such term (or the nearest equivalent) is defined 
in applicable country level Data Protection Laws and all Personal Data, and “Personal Information” 
shall be deemed to be Confidential Information for the purposes of this Agreement; and  
“Security Incident” means the indication or reasonable belief that systems have been compromised, 
which may lead to (a) the actual or suspected unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification, 
storage, destruction or loss of business and/or personal information in the possession, custody or 
control of the Franchisee or its suppliers; or (b) compromise any of the physical, technical, 
administrative or organisational safeguards put in place by Franchisee that relate to the protection of 
the security, confidentiality or integrity of Personal Information or other data relevant to Business 
operations.   
2.
Policy Purpose 
Franchisee needs a considerable amount of Confidential Information and Personal Information to 
advance and operate the Business and continually enhance the employee and customer experience. 
Information security and data privacy policies are designed to optimize technology and information 
value while mitigating cybersecurity risks and addressing legal and compliance requirements. 
Applicable Franchisees shall comply with all security policies outlined in this Appendix I (this 
"Policy"). 
3.
Policy Scope 
This new global Policy applies to all Confidential Information that is collected, processed, stored, or 
transmitted on systems, networks, platforms, databases, firewalls, switches, routers, WIFI devices, 
websites, mobile apps, CCTV, and all restaurant devices (e.g., POS, Kiosk, etc.) that are owned, 
operated, or used by the Franchisee, including third-party systems contracted on behalf of the 
Franchisee.  
4.
Applicable Laws And Regulations  
Applicable Franchisees shall comply with all applicable data security and data privacy laws and 
regulations governing the region, country, province, or territory in which they operate.  
