A - 3 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agree require franchisee to 
execute a general release of claims upon renewal or transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement or Area Development Agreement.  California Corporations Code 
Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to 
bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of 
that law or any rule or order thereunder is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of 
your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code 
Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act 
(Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043). 
7. 
The Franchise Agreement and the Area Development Agreement require application of the 
laws of Massachusetts.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
8. 
The Franchise Agreement  and Area Development Agreement provide for termination upon 
bankruptcy.  This provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.).  
9. 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain a covenant not to 
compete which extends beyond the termination of the franchise.  This provision may not 
be enforceable under California law.  
10. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California Civil 
Code section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.  
11. 
The highest interest rate allowed by law in California is 10% annually. 
12.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of 
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
13. 
Pursuant to Section 31512.1 of the California Franchise Investment Law, any provision of 
a franchise agreement, franchise disclosure document, acknowledgment, questionnaire, or 
other writing, including any exhibit thereto, disclaiming or denying any of the following 
shall be deemed contrary to public policy and shall be void and unenforceable: 
(a)  Representations made by the franchisor or its personnel or agents to a prospective 
franchisee.  
(b) Reliance by a franchisee on any representations made by the franchisor or its personnel 
or agents.  
(c) Reliance by a franchisee on the franchise disclosure document, including any exhibit 
thereto.     
(d)  Violations of any provision of this division. 
