48 
Premises, without being guilty of trespass or any other tort, for the purpose of making or causing to be made 
such changes as may be required, at the expense of Franchisee, which expense Franchisee agrees to pay 
upon demand. Additionally, if Franchisor does not elect to exercise the option to acquire or have its designee 
acquire the lease/sublease, Franchisee shall comply with Section 18.3 regarding a Competitive Business (as 
defined in Section 18.2.2). 
17.5
Phone Numbers and Directory Listings. In addition, Franchisee shall cease use of all 
telephone numbers and any domain names, websites, e-mail addresses, and any other identifiers, whether 
or not authorized by Franchisor, used by Franchisee while operating the Franchised Store, and shall 
promptly execute such documents or take such steps necessary to remove reference to the Franchised Store 
from all trade or business telephone directories, including “yellow” and “white” pages, or at Franchisor’s 
request transfer same to Franchisor. Franchisee hereby authorizes Franchisor to instruct issuers of any 
telephone and internet domain name services, and other providers to transfer any such telephone numbers, 
domain names, websites, addresses, and any other identifiers to Franchisor upon termination of this 
Agreement, without need for any further approval from Franchisee.  
17.6
No Use of Proprietary Marks or Trade Dress in other Businesses. Franchisee agrees, 
in the event it continues to operate, or subsequently begins to operate, any other business, not to use any 
reproduction, counterfeit, copy, or colorable imitation of the Proprietary Marks or System, either in 
connection with such other business or the promotion thereof, which, in the sole discretion of Franchisor 
and its affiliates, including GCG, is likely to cause confusion, mistake, or deception, or which, in the sole 
discretion of Franchisor and its affiliates, is likely to dilute the rights of Franchisor and its affiliates, 
including GCG, in and to the Proprietary Marks and System. Franchisee further agrees not to utilize any 
designation of origin, description, or representation (including reference to Franchisor or its affiliates, the 
System, or the Proprietary Marks) which, in the sole discretion of Franchisor and its affiliates, including 
GCG, suggests or represents a present or former association or connection with Franchisor and its affiliates, 
the System, or the Proprietary Marks. 
17.7
Pay Franchisor All Amounts Due. Franchisee shall promptly pay all sums owing to 
Franchisor and its affiliates. In the event of termination for any default of Franchisee, such sums shall 
include all damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Franchisor and 
its affiliates as a result of the default and termination, which obligation shall give rise to, and remain until 
paid in full, a lien in favor of Franchisor and its affiliates, as applicable, against any and all of the personal 
property, furnishings, equipment, signs, fixtures, and inventory owned by Franchisee and on the Premises 
at the time of default. 
17.8
Return of Manuals and Confidential Information. Franchisee shall, at its own expense, 
immediately deliver to Franchisor the Manuals and all other records, computer disks, correspondence, and 
instructions containing confidential information relating to the operation of the Franchised Store (and any 
copies thereof, even if such copies were made in violation of this Agreement), all of which are 
acknowledged to be the property of Franchisor and its affiliates. 
17.9
Franchisor’s Option to Purchase Certain Assets. Franchisor shall have the option, to be 
exercised within thirty (30) days after termination, to purchase or have its designee purchase from 
Franchisee any or all of the furnishings, equipment, signs, fixtures, supplies, or inventory of Franchisee 
related to the operation of the Franchised Store, at the lesser of Franchisee’s cost or fair market value. The 
cost for such items shall be determined based upon a five (5) year straight-line depreciation of original 
costs. For equipment that is five (5) or more years old, the parties agree that fair market value shall be 
deemed to be ten percent (10%) of the equipment’s original cost. If Franchisor elects to exercise any option 
to purchase herein provided, it shall have the right to set off all amounts due from Franchisee. 
17.10
Comply with Covenants. Franchisee and its Principals shall comply with the covenants 
contained in Section 18.3 of this Agreement. 
