55 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
or any third-party food ordering and delivery services or aggregators that we have not pre-
approved.  If we provide our approval, you may engage in these off-premise activities provided 
that you agree to comply with the programs, policies, and other terms and conditions that we may 
establish.  We may require you to participate in one or more third-party food ordering and delivery 
services or aggregators with one or more vendors that we have approved for the System.    
Other Channels of Distribution 
You may not offer for sale any products or services through any other channels of distribution, 
including grocery and convenience stores and other retail outlets, mail order, toll free numbers, the 
Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce), and other types of resale 
(except directly to customers at your Store), wholesale, or distribution arrangements, without our 
prior written consent.  Without our prior approval you may not promote your Store, the System, 
or use our Marks on the Internet or any social media or networking website or use social media in 
your Store’s operation. 
Gift Cards and Other Promotional Programs 
As further described in Item 11, you must participate in all promotional programs we develop for 
the System, in the manner we direct in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, including all Gift Card 
programs, and programs and services we develop for frequent customers, senior citizens, children, 
and other categories, which may include providing discount or complimentary Products.  We can 
also implement pricing policies, such as maximum price policies, and minimum advertised price 
policies, and you must abide by these policies.  We may modify, change, or discontinue these 
programs at any time. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (FA) or 
Area Development 
Agreement (ADA) 
Summary 
a.  Length of the 
franchise term 
FA: Section 2.1 
FA: 10 years. 
ADA: Section 2.1 
ADA: Until the  end of the Development 
Schedule. 
