E-2
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
ADDENDUM TO  
GONG CHA® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE  
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Gong cha® Area Development Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Gong cha franchises 
offered and sold or operated in the State of California. 
1. 
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Section 20000 through 
20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination, transfer and non-
renewal of the Area Developer Agreement and certain provisions of the Area Development 
Agreement relating to termination, transfer and non-renewal may be superseded by the Act.  There 
may also be court decisions which may supersede the Area Developer Agreement and your 
relationship with Franchisor, including the areas of termination, transfer and renewals of 
Developer’s franchise(s).  If the Area Development Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the law 
will control. 
2. 
California Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise 
Investment Law (California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516).  Business 
Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act 
(business and Professions Code Section 20000 through 20043). 
3. 
California Corporations Code Section 31512.1 voids any provision in a franchise agreement, 
franchise disclosure document, acknowledgement, questionnaire, or other writing that disclaims or 
denies: any representations made to Developer by Franchisor or its personnel or agents; 
Developer’s reliance on any such representations, the franchise disclosure document, and any 
exhibit thereto; or any violations of the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code 
Sections 31000 through 31516). 
4. 
The Area Development Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Massachusetts.  
These provisions may not be enforceable under California law. 
5. 
California Civil Code Section 1671 has statutes which restrict or prohibit the imposition of 
liquidated damages provisions. 
6. 
The Area Development Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.).  
7. 
The Area Development Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law.  
8. 
Background paragraph E, and Section 13.9 of the Area Development Agreement are hereby deleted 
in their entirety and replaced with the following: “INTENTIONALLY OMITTED”. 
9.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
