26 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
not thereafter been disapproved.  There is no requirement that we approve any supplier, nor any 
requirement that we make available to prospective suppliers any standards for approval and/or 
specifications for formulas, which we shall have the right to deem confidential. 
The proposed supplier must consent to periodic inspections of the Supplies (through samples 
delivered to us, or an independent testing facility we designate) and/or the proposed supplier’s 
facilities as a condition of approval.  You are required to pay a charge not exceeding the reasonable 
cost of evaluation and testing.  The proposed supplier must further comply with any other 
requirements we deem appropriate, which may include payment of reasonable continuing 
inspection fees and administrative costs, or other payment to us on account of the proposed 
supplier’s dealings with you and other franchisees.  We reserve the right, at our option, to re-
inspect from time to time the facilities and products of any Approved Supplier, and to revoke our 
approval of such Approved Supplier at any time if such supplier fails to meet any of our then-
current criteria.  Upon receipt of written notice of such revocation, you shall cease to sell or use 
any disapproved item, Products and/or cease to purchase from any disapproved supplier. 
We may, at our sole option, establish one or more strategic alliances or preferred vendor programs 
with one or more nationally or regionally known Suppliers who are willing to supply all or some 
Stores with some or all the products and/or services that we require for use and/or sale in the 
development and/or operation of Stores.  In such event, we may limit the number of Approved 
Suppliers with whom you and other franchisees may deal, designate sources that you and other 
franchisees must use for some or all Products and other products and services, and/or refuse any 
of your requests for approval if we believe that this action is in the best interest of the System or 
the franchised network of Stores.  We shall have unlimited discretion to approve or disapprove of 
the Suppliers that may be permitted to sell Products to you and other franchisees. 
Except as described above, you may not request alternatives to the Products or Supplies, nor 
alternative suppliers of the Products or Supplies other than us or the Suppliers. 
Substitute Materials 
Without our prior written approval, you are prohibited from independently acquiring and using 
similar or substitute materials to the Supplies for the production of any Products (including any 
Proprietary Products) or the daily operation of the Store. 
Special Licensed Products and Services 
You must not sell any unauthorized products or services in your Store without our prior written 
approval.  However, if you wish to offer or sell any products or services that have not previously 
been authorized by us or our affiliates, you must first make a written request to us, requesting 
authorization to offer and sell such special products or services, and in the case of products, 
submitting the Special Licensed Products Application Form attached as Exhibit J to the Franchise 
Agreement.  We anticipate that our review of such request will take up to 30 days or more.  We, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, may deny such request for approval or once given, subsequently 
withdraw such approval at any time, for any reason.  Any products we approve in accordance with 
our approval process are sometimes referred to as “special licensed products.”  You will be solely 
responsible for the safety, sanitation, and quality of any special licensed products or services we 
