15
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any claim which does not 
include a written release from liability of such claim for the Indemnified Party and its affiliates, direct and 
indirect owners, directors, managers, employees, agents and representatives, or (2) settle or compromise 
any claim in any manner that may adversely affect the Indemnified Party other than as a result of money 
damages or other monetary payments which will be paid by Developer. 
11.4.
Definition of Losses.  For purposes of this Section 11, “Losses” include all obligations, 
liabilities, damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and defense costs that any Indemnified Party 
incurs.  Defense costs include accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert witness fees, costs of 
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other expenses of litigation, 
arbitration, and alternative dispute resolution. 
11.5.
Survival.  Developer’s obligations in this Section 11 will continue in full force and effect 
subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or termination.  An Indemnified Party need 
not seek recovery from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its Losses, in order to maintain 
and recover fully a claim against Developer under this Section 11.  Developer agrees that a failure to pursue 
a recovery or mitigate any Losses will not reduce or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover 
from Developer under this Section 11. 
12.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
12.1.
Non-Binding Mediation.  Before any party may bring an action in arbitration or in court 
against the other, the parties must first meet to mediate the dispute (except for controversies, disputes, or 
claims related to or based on improper use of the Proprietary Marks, other intellectual property rights or 
Confidential Information).  Any such mediation shall be non-binding and shall be conducted at a suitable 
location chosen by the mediator, which is within a five (5) mile radius of Franchisor’s then-current principal 
place of business, unless Franchisor agrees otherwise in writing.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
this Section 12.1 shall not bar either party from obtaining injunctive relief against threatened conduct that 
will cause it loss or damages, under applicable laws, including the applicable laws for obtaining interim 
injunctions, without having to engage in mediation.  Mediation hereunder shall be concluded within forty-
five (45) days of Developer’s receipt of the notice specifying the designated mediator or such longer period 
as may be agreed upon by the parties in writing.  All aspects of the mediation process shall be treated as 
confidential, shall not be disclosed to others, and shall not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding 
or legal action whatever.  Each party shall bear their own costs of mediation, and each shall bear one-half 
(½) the cost of the mediator or mediation service.  This Section 12.1 mandating non-binding mediation shall 
not be applicable to any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the 
parties which relates to the failure to pay fees or other monetary obligation(s) of either party under said 
agreement(s). 
12.2.
Arbitration. Developer and Franchisor agree that, subject to Section 12.1, and except for 
controversies, disputes, or claims related to or based on improper use of the Proprietary Marks, other 
intellectual property rights or confidential information, all controversies, disputes, or claims between 
Franchisor and its affiliates, and Franchisor’s and its affiliates’ respective shareholders, members, officers, 
directors, agents, and/or employees, and Developer (and/or Developer’s owners, guarantors, affiliates, 
and/or employees) arising out of or related to: 
(1) this Agreement, any Franchise Agreement or any other agreement between Developer and 
Franchisor;
(2) Franchisor’s relationship with Developer;
