46 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
modems and routers); and security system (including security cameras, store alarms and fire 
alarms).  All these items must meet our specifications, including those related to model, brand, and 
functionality.  As further described in Item 8, the point-of-sale system for your technology system 
must be purchased from our designated third-party technology supplier(s), but the other items may 
be purchased from any supplier.  However, we reserve the right upon written notice to you to 
designate a new or alternative technology system (including a new or alternative point-of-sale 
system) you must purchase, license or lease, use, and maintain, for the operation of your Store.  You 
will use the technology system for various functions including to record customer information, 
including customer order information like menu preferences, to process customer transactions, 
perform accounting functions, inventory control, order fulfillment, to process payroll, maintain 
financial information, produce daily reports, email correspondence with us and others, and access 
any computer software we require for the Store.  These minimums are based on a 500 to 1,500 
square feet Gong cha® store; you may require additional technology if your Store is larger.  (See 
Section 7.1 of the Franchise Agreement, which generally defines the technology system as including 
a “Point-of-Sales System” and “Required Software.”) 
We estimate the total cost to purchase, license, or lease the items above, including the point-of-
sale system, ordering kiosks, application supporting online first party ordering as well as loyalty 
platform management from third-party technology suppliers, paid up front will be up to $2,600.  
You also will incur SaaS fees of up to $295 per month.  We would anticipate on a leasing plan basis 
with a third-party supplier hardware costs would be up to $70 a month paid on typical terms over 48 
months.  There is an initial installation fee of up to $250.  In addition, as further described in Item 6, 
we may require you to pay such fees to us, which we may remit to third-party suppliers.  Although 
most new computers come with a limited warranty, we are not aware of any third parties with an 
obligation to upgrade or maintain these items.   
The phone, computer, and payment processing systems discussed above must contain the computer 
software we require.  The software is not proprietary to us.  You must use the point-of-sale, 
payment processing, inventory, and ordering software we require.  You must also have a license 
to Microsoft Office.  Some computers may have preinstalled software that meets our specifications 
or requirements.  For programs that are not preinstalled, you will need to purchase them and install 
them on your computers.  You must also obtain the software needed for your Store’s Wi-Fi system 
and security system.  After opening, the ongoing cost for the computer software, warranties and 
annual subscriptions is approximately $1,000 to $3,000 per year.  You must renew your software 
licenses as required.   
We are not obligated to provide you with ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to 
the technology system we require.  You must protect yourself from viruses, computer hackers, and 
other communication and computer-related problems.  We anticipate that you will be required to 
upgrade or update your technology during the term of the franchise, and there are no contractual 
limitations on the frequency and cost of the obligation.  We do not have any contractual obligation 
to upgrade or update any of your hardware or software during the term of this franchise. 
You must have access to the Internet and maintain an email account that allows us to communicate 
with you on a regular basis.  We can independently access your technology system and your 
electronic information and data and collect and use this electronic information and data in any 
manner we choose without any compensation to you.  There is no contractual limitation on our 
