58 
27.3.5
The provisions of this Section 27 are intended to benefit and bind certain third 
party non-signatories and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this 
Agreement’s expiration or termination. 
27.4
Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to the mediation and arbitration obligations in Sections 
27.2 and 27.3, any judicial action must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of 
Massachusetts. Each of the parties irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any 
objection to such jurisdiction or venue. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor may bring an action for 
a temporary restraining order or for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, or to enforce an arbitration 
award or judicial decision, in any court in the jurisdiction in which Franchisee resides or the Franchised 
Store is located. 
27.5
No Rights Exclusive of Other Rights. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to 
Franchisor or its affiliates, or Franchisee by this Agreement is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive 
of any other right or remedy provided herein or permitted by law or equity, but each shall be cumulative of 
every other right or remedy. 
27.6
Release. By executing this Agreement, Franchisee, for itself and its affiliates, and for its 
and its affiliates’ directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, managers, employees and agents, and 
for the predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and executors of it and any and all of them 
(collectively, the “Franchisee Parties”), hereby release, remise, acquit, and forever discharge Franchisor, 
its affiliates, its and its affiliates’ directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, managers, employees 
and agents, and the predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and executors of it and any or 
all of them (collectively, the “Franchisor Parties”), from and against any and all obligations, debts, 
liabilities, demands, claims, actions, causes of action, loss, losses, damage and damages (actual, 
consequential, multiplied, exemplary, enhanced, punitive, or otherwise), of any nature or kind, contingent 
or fixed, known or unknown, at law or in equity or otherwise, for any matter, of whatever source or origin, 
arising out of or related to any and all transactions of any kind or character, at any time prior to and including 
the Effective Date. Franchisee covenants, warrants, and agrees that it has the authority to bind Franchisee 
Parties (as herein defined) as provided herein. Franchisee, on behalf of itself and Franchisee Parties, further 
covenants not to sue any of Franchisor Parties on any of the claims released by the foregoing and represents 
that it has not assigned any such claims to any individual or entity who is not bound by the foregoing. 
27.7
Injunctive Relief. Nothing herein contained shall bar the right of Franchisor or its 
affiliates, including GCG, to obtain injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it or them 
loss or damages, including violations of the terms of Sections 9, 10, 11, 15, and 18 under applicable laws, 
including applicable laws for obtaining interim injunctions. 
27.8
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of 
which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  
27.9
Interpretations.  In this Agreement: (i) whenever the words “include,” “includes” or 
“including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without 
limitation”; (ii) the exhibits to this Agreement shall be incorporated into and deemed part of this Agreement 
and all references to this Agreement shall include the exhibits to this Agreement; (iii) references to the 
Background, a Section, or Exhibit shall be to such Background, Section or Exhibit of this Agreement, unless 
otherwise expressly provided; (iv) words importing the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa 
where the content requires; (v) each pronoun used herein shall be deemed to include the other number of 
genders (vi) all captions and paragraph headings in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience 
of the parties, and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof; 
(vii) if Franchisee consists of two (2) or more individuals, such individuals will be jointly and severally 
liable, and references to Franchisee in this Agreement will include all such individuals; and (viii) unless 
otherwise provided, any reference to any statute or legislation will be deemed a reference to such statute or 
legislation as amended from time to time or to a newly adopted statute or legislation replacing a repealed 
