31 
9.5
No Assistance.  Where the provisions of this Section 9 require Franchisee not to carry out 
any act, Franchisee shall not assist any other person directly or indirectly in any such act. 
10.
 MANUALS 
10.1
The Manuals and Furnishings to Franchisee. In order to protect the reputation and 
goodwill of Franchisor and its affiliates, and to maintain high standards of operation under the System, 
Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Store in accordance with the mandatory standards, specifications, 
methods, policies, and procedures specified in the Manuals, which Franchisee shall receive on loan from 
Franchisor, in a manner chosen by Franchisor, via electronic access, hard copy volumes, computer disks, 
videotapes, or otherwise, including such amendments thereto, as Franchisor may publish from time to time, 
upon completion by Franchisee of initial training. Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisor may provide a portion or all (including updates and amendments) of the Manuals, and other 
instructional information and materials in, or via, electronic media, including the use of the Internet.  
10.2
The Manuals are Proprietary and Confidential. Franchisee shall treat the Manuals, any 
other materials created for or approved for use in the operation of the Franchised Store, and the information 
contained therein, as confidential, and shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain such information (both in 
electronic and other formats) as proprietary and confidential. Franchisee shall not download, copy, 
duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce the foregoing materials, in whole or in part, or otherwise make 
the same available to any unauthorized person, except as authorized in advance by Franchisor. 
10.3
The Manuals Remain Property of Franchisor and Its Affiliates. The Manuals shall 
remain the sole property of Franchisor and its affiliates, including GCG, and shall be accessible only from 
a secure place on the Premises, and shall be returned to Franchisor, as set forth in Section 17.8, upon the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
10.4
Revisions to the Manuals. Franchisor or its affiliates may from time to time revise the 
contents of the Manuals to improve or maintain the standards of the System and the efficient operation 
thereof, or to protect or maintain the goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks or to meet competition, 
and Franchisee expressly agrees to comply with each new or changed mandatory standard. Franchisee shall 
ensure that the Manuals are kept current at all times. In the event of any dispute as to the contents of the 
Manuals, the terms of the master copies maintained at the home office of Franchisor shall be controlling. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Manuals are subject to periodic revision and re-issue, 
including in relation to brand and in-store operating standards, and that its obligations under this Agreement 
in respect of the Manuals relate to the latest version of the Manuals or other documents provided to it by or 
on behalf of Franchisor from time to time.   
10.5
Part of Agreement. From the date of the opening of the Franchised Store, the mandatory 
specifications, standards, and operating procedures prescribed by Franchisor and communicated to 
Franchisee in writing, shall constitute provisions of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. All references 
herein to this Agreement shall include the provisions of the Manuals and all such mandatory specifications 
standards and operating procedures.  To the extent of any inconsistency between any provision of the 
Manuals and any provision of this Agreement, the provision of this Agreement will prevail. 
11.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
11.1
Agreement with respect to Confidentiality. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it 
shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of 
any other person or entity, or commit any act that adversely affects, any confidential information (as defined 
below). Franchisee shall treat confidential information as confidential at all times and use all reasonable 
efforts to keep confidential information confidential. Franchisee shall divulge confidential information only 
to such of its employees as must have access to it in order to operate the Franchised Store. For the avoidance 
