65 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote the sale of franchises. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
This Item 19 is based on historic Net Sales information from the 203 Gong cha® stores owned and 
operated by the Existing Master Franchisees or their subfranchisees / sublicensees in the United 
States that were opened before or at the beginning of calendar year 2024 and reported Net Sales 
for all 12 months of 2024 (the “2024 Established Gong Cha Stores”). The 2024 Established Gong 
Cha Stores all offered substantially the same products and services to the public as you will offer 
from your Store.   
For purposes of clarification, unless noted otherwise, references to the Existing Master 
Franchisees’ subfranchisees / sublicensees in this Item 19 include subfranchisees /sublicensees 
that are their affiliates, as well as third party subfranchisees / sublicensees. 
As used in this Item 19 and the table below, “Net Sales” means all revenue from the sale of all 
Products and all other income of every kind and nature related to, derived from, or originating 
from the Established Gong Cha Store, whether at retail or wholesale (whether such sales are 
permitted or not), whether for cash, check, or credit, and regardless of collection in the case of 
check or credit, less any customer refunds, and/or sales taxes collected from customers and 
actually transmitted to the appropriate taxing authorities. 
We obtained the historic Net Sales information included in this Item 19 and the tables below from 
reports and other materials submitted by the Existing Master Franchisees and/or their 
subfranchisees / sublicensees to us or our affiliates. Neither we, any of our affiliates nor an 
independent certified public accountant has independently audited or verified the information. 
A. 
2024 NET SALES 
Table 1 below includes Net Sales information for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2024 
for all 203 2024 Established Gong Cha Stores. 
The 2024 Established Gong Cha Stores were located in California, Colorado, Connecticut, District 
of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, 
New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, 
Texas, and Virginia.  The length of time each of the 2024 Established Gong Cha Stores has been 
