7 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Market and Competition 
The general market for bubble tea and tea drinks is developing in the Unites States.  The general 
market for food and beverages, however, is highly competitive and you will be competing with 
other businesses offering tea and coffee drinks and blended juice drinks, smoothies, snack and 
juice bars, and general food service establishments carrying similar products as an offering on their 
menus.  National and local restaurants and coffee shops, both franchised and independent, also 
may offer tea, coffee, juice, and other drinks as additional menu items, and national and local 
supermarkets and other retailers may carry some of the same or similar product lines.   
The market for bubble tea and tea drinks also may be affected by general economic conditions and 
may be more seasonal in some parts of the country.   
Industry-Specific Regulations 
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and state and local 
health departments administer and enforce regulations that govern food preparation and service 
and Store sanitation conditions.  State and local agencies inspect stores to ensure that they comply 
with these laws and regulations.  There are laws, rules, and regulations requiring point-of-sale 
disclosures of nutrition and dietary characteristics of the food and beverages served at your Store 
(e.g., calories, fat content, etc.).  The federal Clean Air Act and various state laws require certain 
state and local areas to meet national air quality standards limiting emissions of ozone, carbon 
monoxide, and particulate matters, including caps on emissions from commercial food preparation. 
Some state and local governments have also adopted, or are considering proposals, that would 
regulate indoor air quality, including the limitation of smoking tobacco products in public places 
such as Stores. 
You will need to obtain permits or licenses as required by applicable law, which may include 
zoning or land use approvals, Sunday sale permits, sales and use tax permits, special tax stamps, 
fire department permits, food establishment permits, health permits, food handler’s permit, alarm 
permits, county occupational permits, retail sales licenses, and wastewater discharge permits.  
In addition to the specific laws discussed above, your Store will be subject to national, state, and 
local laws and regulations that apply to all businesses, including for example health, sanitation, 
EEOC, OSHA, discrimination, employment, wage and hour, and sexual harassment laws, PCI laws 
and regulations, the Americans with Disability Act of 1990 that requires readily accessible 
accommodation for disabled persons, and all data and consumer privacy laws and regulations, 
including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”), the National Automated 
Clearinghouse Association (“NACHA”) operating rules, and all related and associated regulations, 
as well as any other applicable laws related to privacy, data security, data protection, direct 
marketing, consumer protection, and workplace privacy laws, along with the rules requirements, 
and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, and all similar federal, provincial, state, local and 
other laws and all applicable industry standards concerning privacy, confidentiality, and data 
security.  These laws and regulations may apply to your Store. 
We are not obligated to provide you with guidance about these laws and regulations, and you are 
solely responsible for knowing about and complying with those that apply to your franchised 
