54 
22.
APPROVALS AND WAIVERS
22.1
Approval Requests. Whenever this Agreement requires the prior authorization, approval 
or consent of Franchisor, Franchisee shall make a timely written request to Franchisor therefor, and such 
approval or consent must be obtained in writing. 
22.2
Non-waiver. No failure of Franchisor or its affiliates to exercise any power reserved to it 
or them hereunder, or to insist upon strict compliance by Franchisee with any obligation or condition 
hereunder, and no custom or practice of the parties in variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a 
waiver of Franchisor’s or its affiliates’ rights to demand exact compliance with the terms hereof. Waiver 
by Franchisor or its affiliates of any particular default by Franchisee shall not be binding unless in writing 
and executed by the party sought to be charged and shall not affect or impair Franchisor’s or its affiliates’ 
rights with respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a different nature; nor shall any delay, waiver, 
forbearance, or omission of Franchisor or its affiliates to exercise any power or rights arising out of any 
breach or default by Franchisee of any of the terms, provisions, or covenants hereof, affect or impair 
Franchisor’s or its affiliates’ rights nor shall such constitute a waiver by Franchisor or its affiliates of any 
right hereunder or of the right to declare any subsequent breach or default. Subsequent acceptance by 
Franchisor or its affiliates of any payment(s) due to it hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver by 
Franchisor or its affiliates of any preceding breach by Franchisee of any terms, covenants or conditions of 
this Agreement. 
23.
WARRANTIES OF OPERATOR
23.1
Franchisee's Warranties. Franchisee warrants and represents to Franchisor that, as of the 
Effective Date:  
23.1.1
it has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations 
under this Agreement and the related agreements; 
23.1.2
the persons executing this Agreement and the related agreements have been duly 
authorized to perform such actions on behalf of Franchisee; 
23.1.3
there are no agreements or arrangements with any third party the terms of which 
would prevent it from entering into this Agreement or the related agreements or would materially impede 
the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement or the related agreements; 
23.1.4
it is not, and nor are any of its directors or officers, party to any litigation 
proceedings or disputes which may have a material adverse effect upon its ability to perform its obligations 
under this Agreement or the related agreements; 
23.1.5
it is not the subject of any Insolvency Event; and 
23.1.6
it has not been convicted or found guilty of a criminal offense that has not been 
disclosed in writing to Franchisor or otherwise involved in any pattern or practice of acts or conduct that 
may prejudicially affect the reputation of Franchisor or its affiliates, including GCG, the Proprietary 
Marks, the Products, and/or the System. 
23.2
Reliance by Franchisor. Franchisor entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the 
statements and information submitted to Franchisor by Franchisee in connection with this Agreement. 
Franchisee represents and warrants that all such statements and information submitted by Franchisee in 
connection with this Agreement are true, correct, complete and not misleading in all material respects. 
Franchisee agrees to promptly advise Franchisor of any material changes in the information or statements 
submitted. 
