39 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Site Selection and Opening 
When you sign a Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate a single Store, which 
will be located and operated from a retail location you select that is approved by us.  You are not 
required to purchase or lease any real estate from us or our affiliates. 
If you do not have a location that we have approved for your Store at the time you sign the 
Franchise Agreement, we will assign you a non-exclusive “search area” in which you must locate 
your Store (Franchise Agreement – Section 1.2). Before you open your Store, we will provide 
general guidelines to you for the selection of sites for your Store and review any proposed sites 
you select.  It will, however, be your obligation to select the site for your Store and to obtain our 
approval (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.1).  You must submit to us information and materials 
we require and obtain our approval of the site, including market research analysis prepared by a 
company we approve.  The factors we take into consideration when reviewing a site include the 
location and proximity of the site to residential neighborhoods, the demographics of the 
surrounding area, whether the site is on a main thoroughfare, size and type of the proposed 
premises, available parking, the surrounding businesses, and lease terms.  If you are leasing a place 
for your Store, you must also provide us with a copy of your lease or sublease so that we can 
confirm that it meets the requirements of the Franchise Agreement.  We will typically approve or 
reject a proposed site within 20 business days of your complete submission of the site information 
we require.  If you and we are not able to agree on an approved premise for your Store within 2 
months of your signing of the Franchise Agreement, we can terminate your Franchise Agreement 
and retain all amounts you have paid to us (Franchise Agreement – Sections 5.1 and 16.2). 
You must obtain property control for the approved premises of your Store within 60 business days 
of approval of the site for the Store (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.1).  We do not conform the 
premises to local ordinances and building codes or obtain any required permits for you, and we do 
not construct, remodel, or decorate the premises. Generally, neither we nor our affiliates own the 
premises of your Store and lease them to you, but we and our affiliates reserve the right to do so. 
Before commencing any construction on your Store, you must employ a qualified licensed 
architect or engineer who we approve or designate to prepare preliminary plans and specifications 
for site improvement or construction (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.4).  These preliminary 
plans and specifications must be based upon prototype plans and/or specifications that we provide 
you.  You must comply with all applicable laws, codes and regulations regarding the construction, 
design and operation of your Store, obtain all zoning classifications and clearances as may be 
required, and obtain all permits and certifications required for construction and operation of your 
Store.  Once you have obtained all approvals and clearances, you must submit final plans for 
construction to us for our approval.  Our review of such plans is limited to compliance with our 
design standards.  Once approved, the final plans cannot be modified or changed without our 
express written approval. 
Construction on your Store must be completed by a qualified licensed general contractor who we 
designate or approve (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.4).  You must only use those brands, types 
or models of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture and signs that 
we have approved.   
