51 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Trademark 
Date of Application 
Application Number 
8 November 2024 
IR1835505 
13 December 2023 
IR1786118 
GCG has or will timely file with the USPTO all required affidavits of use, affidavits of 
incontestability and renewals when due for the Proprietary Marks noted above.  You agree to 
cooperate with us and our affiliates, including GCG, and our and their respective representatives, 
in the prosecution of any applications or registrations of any Proprietary Marks which have been 
filed with the appropriate authorities. 
Except as described below, there are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, 
the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state, or any court 
involving the Proprietary Marks, and there is no pending infringement, opposition, or cancellation 
proceeding, or any pending material litigation, involving the Proprietary Marks, save in respect of 
an opposition action filed by our affiliate GCG against a third party brand in the United States and 
certain other territories.  The US opposition is currently suspended.  Such brand does not currently 
operate within the United States.  Except as disclosed above, there is no agreement in effect which 
significantly limits our rights to use or license the Proprietary Marks in any state in a manner 
material to the franchise, and we know of no superior prior rights or infringing uses that could 
materially affect your use of the Proprietary Marks in any state.  We are unaware of any party with 
superior rights or infringing uses of the Proprietary Marks that could materially affect your use of 
the principal Proprietary Marks in the state or states where your Store will be located. 
You may only use the Proprietary Marks we or our affiliate designate and may only use them in 
the manner authorized and permitted by us and our affiliates.  You must affix the ™ or ® symbol 
(as directly or as otherwise applicable) upon all advertising, publicity, signs, decorations, 
furnishings, equipment or other printed or graphic material employing the words “Gong cha” or 
any other of the Proprietary Marks, whether presently existing or developed in the future.  You 
may not use the Proprietary Marks in any manner which would bring them into disrepute or 
otherwise prejudicial to the goodwill, reputation, image or prestige of us or our affiliates, the 
System, the Proprietary Marks and/or the demand for the Products provided under the Proprietary 
Marks. 
You must operate and advertise your Store only under the name “Gong cha” and use the Proprietary 
Marks without prefix or suffix, unless otherwise authorized or required by us or our affiliates, must 
not use the Proprietary Marks or any part thereof in combination or conjunction with any other 
marks, names, logos, symbols or devices, or engage in any co-branding or collaboration activities 
without the prior written approval of us or our affiliates, and shall not attach any trade marks other 
