23 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
will be required to purchase additional supplies and inventory as necessary to 
replenish or replace your stock.  
Note 10. 
You must spend a minimum of $4,000 on a Grand Opening Advertising Program 
you conduct for your Store within 90 days after it commences operation, as further 
described in Item 11.  You are encouraged to spend more than this minimum 
amount on approved grand opening advertising and promotional programs, 
however, and the higher end of the estimated range assumes that you do spend more 
than the minimum.   
Note 11. 
You must carry the types and minimum amounts of insurance we specify.  We 
currently require you to obtain and maintain, at a minimum: builder’s risk insurance 
during any periods of construction or renovation of the Store; data privacy and 
cyber insurance; comprehensive general liability insurance, including contractual 
liability, public liability, products liability, property damage, assault and battery, 
and personal injury coverage; automobile liability insurance; workers’ 
compensation and employer’s liability (amounts required by law); all-risks 
insurance for the full cost of replacement of all of the furniture, fixtures, and 
equipment, and supplies and inventory used in your Store and all leasehold or 
premise improvements; excess liability coverage over general liability, automobile 
liability, and employer’s liability; business interruption insurance for actual losses 
sustained; any additional insurance coverage required by your lease or sublease; 
and umbrella policies.  This estimate is for an initial deposit of 3 months for these 
insurance coverages with the minimum insurance coverage limits we require. 
Note 12. 
This amount includes estimated operating expenses you should expect to incur 
during the first 3 months of operation of your Store, including additional rent, 
telephone and Internet access, subscription fees, and miscellaneous supplies, but 
excluding any salary/distributions you may take, permits and licensure, and 
insurance premiums. 
Note 13. 
To compile these estimates, we have relied on the experiences of our master 
franchisees in opening Gong cha® stores or franchising Gong cha® stores in the 
United States, our affiliates’ experience in developing and opening Gong cha® 
stores in other countries, and our and our affiliates’ knowledge of business practices 
and conditions in the United States.  We do not offer financing for any part of the 
initial investment.  The availability and terms of financing will depend on factors 
like the availability of financing generally, your credit worthiness, your relationship 
with local banks, your business experience, and any additional collateral you may 
offer to a lender to secure the loan.  Our estimates do not include any finance 
charges, interest, or debt service obligations. 
Multi-Unit Franchise 
We have not included a separate table for the initial investment if you sign an ADA.  As further 
described in Item 5, as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, if you sign an ADA and 
therefore become a multi-unit franchisee, you will pay a Development Fee equal to one half of our 
