3 
purpose, and to receive the training and other assistance provided by Franchisor in connection therewith. 
G.
Franchisee acknowledges that it has read this Agreement and Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document (as defined in Section 28.2) and that it understands and accepts the terms, conditions 
and covenants contained in this Agreement as being reasonably necessary to maintain Franchisor’s high 
standards of quality and service and the uniformity of those standards at all Gong Cha Stores in order to 
protect and preserve the goodwill of the Proprietary Marks and the brand. Franchisee understands and 
accepts that the signing of a Franchise Agreement for a Gong cha® store is conditioned on Franchisee’s 
receipt of Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document and compliance with applicable waiting periods, 
and the opening and any Gong cha® store is conditioned on the parties validly executing a Franchise 
Agreement in advance of such opening. 
H.
Franchisee has applied for a franchise to own and operate a Gong Cha Store at the location 
identified in Exhibit A, and such application has been approved by Franchisor in reliance upon all the 
representations, warranties, and covenants made herein. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representation, warranties, and covenants contained 
herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
1.
GRANT
1.1
Grant and Acceptance. Franchisor grants to Franchisee the right, and Franchisee hereby 
undertakes the obligation, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement to: (a) establish and 
operate a single Gong Cha Store (the “Franchised Store”); (b) use, only in connection therewith, the 
Proprietary Marks, the System and the Manuals (as defined in Section 10), as they may be changed, 
improved, or further developed from time to time by Franchisor; and (c) operate the Franchised Store only 
at the Approved Location (as defined in Section 1.3) in accordance with this Agreement. 
1.2
Site Selection Area. Franchisee shall locate and secure, through lease or purchase, subject 
to Franchisor’s approval, the Approved Location (as defined below) for the Franchised Store within the 
area described in Exhibit A (the “Site Selection Area”). Franchisee shall be limited to locating and securing 
a site for the Franchised Store within the Site Selection Area. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the 
Site Selection Area is solely for the purpose of locating a site, and shall in no way be considered an exclusive 
or protected area for the Franchised Store. In the case that another franchisee of Franchisor has been granted 
franchise rights to operate a Gong Cha Store within the Site Selection Area, Franchisee’s Approved 
Location must not encroach upon such franchisee’s specified territory. 
1.3
Approved Location. Franchisee shall develop and operate the Franchised Store only at the 
site specified in Exhibit A to this Agreement as the “Approved Location”. The Approved Location shall 
be described in Exhibit A subsequent to the execution of this Agreement, upon Franchisor’s approval of the 
location and execution of the related lease or purchase agreement. Franchisee shall not relocate the 
Franchised Store without Franchisor’s prior written consent or otherwise in writing by Franchisor, as 
provided in Section 8.25.   
1.4
Limit on Sales. Franchisee’s rights hereunder shall be limited to offering and selling 
Products at the Franchised Store, and only to retail customers of the Franchised Store for (a) customer 
consumption on the Premises of the Franchised Store at the Approved Location (the “Premises”), (b) 
customer carry-out consumption of Products sold at the Franchised Store, and (c) off-Premises catering 
activities; provided that all such activities shall be conducted only in accordance with the requirements of 
this Agreement and the procedures set forth in the Manuals and all applicable laws. Franchisee expressly 
acknowledges that it may engage in off-Premises catering activities in accordance with such specific 
programs, policies, terms, and conditions as Franchisor may from time to time establish. Franchisee shall 
