24 
beverage, product, premium, novelty item, clothing, souvenir or from performing such services, and (ii) pay 
to Franchisor, on demand, liquidated damages equal to Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) per day for each 
day such unauthorized or unapproved food, beverage, product, premium, novelty item, clothing, souvenir 
or service is offered or provided by Franchisee, which amount of liquidated damages the parties 
acknowledge and agree is reasonable and proportionate and represents a genuine pre-estimate of 
Franchisor's loss in such circumstances, considering the reputational damage to the System and costs of 
enforcement against Franchisee. These liquidated damages shall be in addition to all other remedies 
available to Franchisor under this Agreement or at law, including Franchisor’s right to claim such damages 
as may be suffered in addition to such liquidated damages.  
8.17
Participation in Promotions. Franchisee shall participate in promotional programs 
developed by Franchisor for the System, in the manner directed by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise 
in writing. In no way limiting the foregoing, Franchisee agrees that if required by Franchisor: 
8.17.1
Franchisee shall participate in all programs and services for frequent customers, 
senior citizens, children, and other categories, which may include providing discount or complimentary 
Products. 
8.17.2
Franchisee shall sell or otherwise issue gift cards or certificates (together “Gift 
Cards”) that have been prepared utilizing the standard form of Gift Card provided or designated by 
Franchisor, and only in the manner specified by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
Franchisee shall fully honor all Gift Cards that are in the form provided or approved by Franchisor 
regardless of whether a Gift Card was issued by Franchisee or another Gong Cha Store. Franchisee shall 
sell, issue, and redeem (without any offset against any Royalty Fee or other contribution) Gift Cards in 
accordance with procedures and policies specified by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, 
including those relating to procedures by which Franchisee shall request reimbursement for Gift Cards 
issued by other Gong Cha Stores and for making timely payment to Franchisor, other operators of Gong 
Cha Stores, or a third-party service provider for Gift Cards issued from the Franchised Store that are 
honored by Franchisor or other Gong Cha Store operators.
8.18
Health Standards. Franchisee shall meet and maintain the highest health standards and 
ratings applicable to the operation of the Franchised Store under the Manuals and applicable health 
ordinances. Franchisee shall also comply with the requirements set forth in the Manuals for submitting to 
Franchisor a copy of a violation or citation relating to Franchisee’s failure to maintain any health or safety 
standards in the operation of the Franchised Store. 
8.19
Maintenance of Premises. Franchisee shall maintain the Franchised Store and the 
Premises in a clean, orderly condition and in excellent repair; and, in connection therewith, Franchisee shall, 
at its expense, make such repairs and replacements thereto (but no others without prior written consent of 
Franchisor) as may be required for that purpose, including such periodic repainting or replacement of 
obsolete signs, furnishings, equipment, and decor as Franchisor may reasonably direct. 
8.20
Ongoing Upgrades. As set forth in Section 8.6.1, throughout the term of this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall maintain all fixtures, furnishings, equipment, decor, and signs as Franchisor may prescribe 
from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall make such changes, upgrades, 
and replacements as Franchisor may periodically require, in the time frames specified by Franchisor. 
8.21
Five-Year Refurbishment and Renovations. At the request of Franchisor, but not more 
often than once every five (5) years, unless sooner required by Franchisee’s lease, Franchisee shall refurbish 
the Premises, at its expense, to conform to the Gong Cha Store design, trade dress, color schemes, and 
presentation of the Proprietary Marks in a manner consistent with the then-current image for new Gong Cha 
Stores as specified in the Manual. Such refurbishment may include structural changes, installation of new 
equipment, furniture, lighting, countertops and signs, remodelling, redecoration of store interiors, and 
modifications to existing improvements, and shall be completed pursuant to such standards, specifications 
