52 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
than the Proprietary Marks to any Product or otherwise use any such trademarks in connection 
with the Store and associated business.  In addition, you must not use the Proprietary Marks as 
part of your corporate or other legal name, or as part of any email address, domain name, or other 
identification of you in any electronic medium.  However, you may, as necessary to conduct the 
business of the Store and to obtain governmental licenses and permits for the Store, indicate that 
you are operating the Store under the trade name “Gong cha,” provided that you also must clearly 
identify yourself as the owner and operator of the Store. 
We and GCG shall have the right to substitute different Proprietary Marks for use in identifying 
the System and the businesses operating thereunder at our sole discretion.  If it becomes advisable 
at any time, in the discretion of us or GCG, to modify or discontinue use of any Proprietary Mark 
and/or to adopt or use one or more additional or substitute Proprietary Marks, you must comply 
with any such instruction by us or GCG.  In such event and at our or GCG’s direction, you must 
adopt, use and display only such new or modified Proprietary Marks and must promptly, and in 
any event within 90 days, discontinue the use and display of outmoded or superseded Proprietary 
Marks, at your expense.  You waive any other claim arising from or relating to any Proprietary 
Mark change, modification or substitution.  Neither we nor GCG will be liable to you for any 
expenses, losses or damages sustained by you as a result of any Proprietary Mark addition, 
modification, substitution or discontinuation.  In addition, you must agree not to commence or join 
in any litigation or other proceeding against us or GCG for any of these expenses, losses or 
damages.  Further, if there is a claim of prior use of any of the Proprietary Marks in the area in 
which you are doing business or in another area or areas, you must agree to use any of the other 
Proprietary Marks in such a way and at our and GCG’s discretion to avoid a continuing conflict.   
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, you must not directly or indirectly contest the validity 
of, or take any other action that may affect the validity and enforceability of, our or our affiliates’ 
rights to use and to license others to use, the Proprietary Marks, or which might or would diminish 
the distinctiveness or goodwill attached to the Proprietary Marks or reduce their commercial value. 
You must immediately notify us of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of the 
Proprietary Marks, or any claim, demand, or suit brought or threatened based upon or arising from 
the unauthorized use of, or any attempt by any other person, firm, or corporation to use, without 
authorization, or any infringement of or challenge to, any of the Proprietary Marks.  You also agree 
to immediately notify us of any other litigation instituted by any person, firm, corporation or 
governmental entity against us or our affiliates or you.  Neither we nor our affiliates have an 
obligation to undertake the defense or prosecution of any litigation or administrative or registry 
proceeding concerning you that relates to any of the Proprietary Marks.  We and GCG shall have 
sole and complete discretion in the conduct of any defense, prosecution or other action we and 
they choose to undertake with respect to any litigation or administrative or registry proceeding 
concerning you that relates to any of the Proprietary Marks.  You shall fully cooperate with, and 
provide all assistance deemed necessary by, us or GCG in any action, claim or proceedings brought 
or threatened in respect of the Proprietary Marks and not, without our or GCG’s prior written 
consent, make any admission in respect of or compromise or settle any such action claim or 
proceeding.   
All goodwill arising from your use of the Proprietary Marks shall inure solely and exclusively to 
the benefit of us and our affiliates, including GCG, and, upon expiration or termination of the 
