19
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
13.9.
Developer Had Opportunity to Read Agreement and Consult.
Developer 
acknowledges that it has read and understood Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document and this 
Agreement, the attachments hereto, and agreements relating thereto, if any.  In addition, Developer 
acknowledges and agrees that it and its Principals are informed investors, and that Franchisor has accorded 
Developer ample time and opportunity to consult with advisors of Developer’s own choosing about the 
potential benefits and risks of entering into this Agreement. 
14.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
Franchisor and Developer, and any Principal, each acknowledge and warrant to each other that they 
wish to have all terms of this business relationship defined solely in and by this written Agreement.  
Recognizing the costs on both Developer and Franchisor which are uncertain, the parties each confirm that 
neither wishes to enter into a business relationship with the other in which any terms or obligations are the 
subject of alleged oral statements or in which oral statements or non-contract writings which have been or 
may in the future be, exchanged between them, serve as the basis for creating rights or obligations different 
than or supplementary to the rights and obligations set forth herein.  Accordingly, the parties agree and 
promise each other that this Agreement supersedes and cancels any prior and/or contemporaneous 
discussions or writings (whether described as representations, inducements, promises, agreements or any 
other term), between Franchisor or anyone acting on Franchisor’s behalf and Developer or anyone acting 
on Developer’s behalf, which might be taken to constitute agreements, representations, inducements, 
promises or understandings (or any equivalent to such term) with respect to the rights and obligations of 
the parties or the relationship between them.  The parties agree and promise each other that they have 
placed, and will place, no reliance on any such discussions or writings. In accordance with the foregoing, 
it is understood and acknowledged that this Agreement, the attachments hereto, and the documents referred 
to herein constitute the entire Agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and 
supersede any prior agreements, no other representations having induced Developer to execute this 
Agreement.  Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by Franchisor hereunder, no amendment, 
change, or variance from this Agreement shall be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the 
parties and executed by their authorized officers or agents in writing.  Nothing in this or in any related 
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations Franchisor made in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document that Franchisor furnished to Developer. 
15.
NOTICES 
Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be 
personally delivered, sent by registered mail, or by other means which affords the sender evidence of 
delivery, or of rejected delivery, to the respective parties at the addresses shown on the signature page of 
this Agreement, unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other party.  
Any notice by a means which affords the sender evidence of delivery, or rejected delivery, shall be deemed 
to have been given at the date and time of receipt or rejected delivery. 
