27 
that Franchisor may provide to some franchisees based upon the peculiarities of a particular site or 
circumstance, existing business practices, or other factors that Franchisor deems to be important to the 
operation of any Gong Cha Store or the System. Franchisee shall have no recourse against Franchisor on 
account of any variation to any franchisee and shall not be entitled to require Franchisor to provide 
Franchisee with a like or similar variation hereunder. Except as provided herein, neither Franchisor nor its 
affiliates shall be liable to Franchisee for any expenses, losses or damages sustained by Franchisee as a 
result of any of the modifications contemplated hereby. Franchisee hereby covenants not to commence or 
join in any litigation or other proceeding against Franchisor or any third party complaining of any such 
modifications or seeking expenses, losses or damages caused thereby. Finally, Franchisee expressly waives 
any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to the foregoing activities including any claim of 
breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and 
fair dealing. 
8.28
Modifications Proposed by Franchisee. Franchisee shall not implement any change to 
the System (including the use of any product or supplies not already approved by Franchisor) without 
Franchisor’s prior written consent. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that, with respect to any change, 
amendment, or improvement in the System or use of additional product or supplies for which Franchisee 
requests Franchisor’s approval: (i) Franchisor and its affiliates shall have the right to incorporate the 
proposed change into the System and Franchisor and its affiliates shall thereupon obtain all right, title, and 
interest therein without compensation to Franchisee in accordance with Section 11.4; (ii) Franchisor shall 
not be obligated to approve or accept any request to implement change, and (iii) Franchisor may from time 
to time revoke its approval of a particular change or amendment to the System, and upon receipt of written 
notice of such revocation, Franchisee shall modify its activities in the manner described by Franchisor. 
8.29
Non-Disparagement. Franchisee shall not communicate or publish, directly or  indirectly, 
any disparaging comments or information about Franchisor during the term of this Agreement or for two 
(2) years thereafter. This provision shall include communication or distribution of information through the 
Internet via any Electronic Media, as defined herein. 
8.30
Warranties. Franchisee shall not, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, make any 
representations to customers or give any warranties other than those contained in the Manuals or other 
instructions provided by Franchisor.
9.
PROPRIETARY MARKS
9.1
Ownership. Franchisor represents with respect to the Proprietary Marks that: 
9.1.1
GCG has licensed the Proprietary Marks to Franchisor so that Franchisor may 
sublicense them to its franchisees.  As further described in the Background section, the Proprietary Marks 
are owned by Franchisor’s parent and predecessor GCG, and GCG, pursuant to an IP License Agreement 
it entered into with Franchisor, has granted to Franchisor the exclusive right to use, and license the right 
to use, the Proprietary Marks, in the United States. 
9.1.2
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has not made any representation or 
warranty to the effect that the Proprietary Marks which have not been registered with appropriate 
authorities shall be registered or are able to be registered therein, and the failure to obtain registrations of 
any of the Proprietary Marks shall not be deemed to be a breach of the terms of this Agreement. Moreover, 
Franchisee shall cooperate with Franchisor and its affiliates, including GCG, and their respective 
representatives, in the prosecution of any applications or registrations of any Proprietary Marks which 
have been filed with the appropriate authorities. 
9.2
License to Franchisee. Franchisee’s right to use the Proprietary Marks is limited to such 
uses as are authorized under this Agreement in connection with the operation of the Franchised Store, and 
any unauthorized use thereof shall constitute an infringement of rights of Franchisor and its affiliates. 
