Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
E-2 
who are lawfully entitled to publish or communicate that information. 
b.
The term “Person” means any person, persons, partnership, entity, association, or 
corporation (other than the Company or Franchisor). 
c.
The term “Post-Term Period” means a continuous uninterrupted period of (check as 
applicable) one (1) year if you are a manager or perform managerial responsibilities, or  six (6)  months if 
you are a non-managerial employee, from the date of: (a) termination  of  your employment with us for any 
reason; and/or (b) a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing this Agreement. 
3.
Covenants Not to Compete. 
a.
You understand and acknowledge that due to your employment with us, you will receive 
valuable specialized training and access to Confidential Information. 
b.
You covenant and agree that during the term of your employment, unless Franchisor gives 
you its prior written approval, you shall not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf 
of, or in conjunction with any Person: 
i.
Divert or attempt to divert any current or potential business account or customer 
of the Franchised Store (or of any Gong Cha Store) to any Person, whether by 
direct or indirect suggestion, referral, inducement, or otherwise; 
ii.
Do or perform, directly or indirectly, any act that might injure or be harmful to the 
goodwill associated with Franchisor and the System; and/or 
iii.
Directly or indirectly for yourself or on behalf of, or in conjunction with any 
Person, own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, or have any interest in 
any business that is the same as or similar to the Franchised Store. 
c.
You covenant and agree that during the term Post-Term Period, unless Franchisor gives 
you its prior written approval, you shall not, either directly or indirectly, for yourself, or through, on behalf 
of, or in conjunction with any Person, own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, or have any 
interest in any business that is the same as or similar to the Franchised Store, if that business is located (or 
if it is intended to be located) within a radius of five (5) miles of the Approved Location of the Franchise 
Store or any Gong Cha Store located anywhere at that time. 
4.
Acknowledgement. You acknowledge that you are an employee of us as the Franchisee and 
independent owner of a Gong Cha Store franchise, and you are not an employee of Franchisor. You further 
acknowledge that (i) one of our key roles and responsibilities is to properly train our employees; and (ii) 
neither the training program that you attend or any other training or direction you receive, nor any 
recommendations, guidelines or suggestions received from Franchisor or its representatives in any way 
modifies our training obligations or is intended to exert or exercise any direct, indirect or potential control 
over our employees, our training obligations or any aspect of our employment relationship with you or any 
other employees. The training program that you attend or any other training or direction you receive is not 
intended in any way to change or modify your employment relationship with us. Franchisor is not an 
employer or joint employer of any of our employees.
5.
Legal and Equitable Remedies. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that if you do not 
comply with the requirements of this Agreement, you will cause irreparable injury to Franchisor, and that: 
a.
We will have the right to enforce this Agreement and any of its provisions by going to a 
court and obtaining an injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, without prejudice to any 
other rights and remedies that we may have for breach of this Agreement; 
