12 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
depending on the size of your Store or if we permit you to purchase some or all these items from 
an approved supplier other than us or our affiliates.  These amounts are due and payable in United 
States Dollars when we require you to order your initial supplies and inventory.  Any of these 
amounts payable to us or our affiliates are not refundable and are not credited against any other 
obligation you have to us or our affiliates.  
You will be required to purchase additional supplies and inventory as necessary to replenish or 
replace your stock (see Items 6 and 8).  
Grand Opening Advertising Program 
You must spend a minimum of $4,000 on a Grand Opening Advertising Program for your Store 
(as defined and further described in Item 11).  You must obtain our prior approval of the Grand 
Opening Advertising Program, and it must be executed and completed within 90 days after your 
Store commences operation.  However, we may require you to deposit this sum with us before 
your Store commences operation to allow us to distribute it as necessary to conduct the Grand 
Opening Advertising Program.  If deposited with us, this amount is not refundable. 
Development Fee 
If you sign an ADA, you must pay us a development fee (the “Development Fee”) that typically 
will be equal to one half of our current Initial Franchise Fee multiplied by the number of Stores 
you agree to develop.  We reserve the right, however, to vary the formula we use to calculate the 
Development Fee, depending on such factors as the number of Stores being developed, the timing 
of the development and the location and size of the Development Area.  The Development Fee is 
due and payable to us in United States Dollars when you sign the ADA.  While the Development 
Fee is not refundable and is for the territorial rights being granted in the Development Area under 
the ADA, we will credit a portion of the Development Fee to reduce the Initial Franchise Fee you 
must pay to us for each Store you develop under the ADA to one half of our current Initial 
Franchise Fee, as further described in Attachment A of the ADA.  
Initial Franchise Fees Payable for Stores Developed Under an ADA 
If you sign an ADA, we will agree on a Development Schedule, which for each calendar year or 
partial calendar year during the term of the ADA (each a “development year”), will include a 
“Tier 1 Minimum Development Target”, a “Tier 2 Development Target”, and a “Tier 3 
Overreaching Target”.  At the beginning of each development year, you must pay to us an amount 
equal to one half of our current Initial Franchise Fee (due to the Development Fee credit described 
above) multiplied by the cumulative number of Gong cha® stores you still need to open and 
continuously operate in order to meet the cumulative Tier 1 Minimum Development Target for 
that development year.  This Initial Franchise Fee amount is not refundable but will cover the 
Initial Franchise Fees due for any Stores you open in that development year.  The Initial Franchise 
Fee amount paid in one development year will not carry over to the following development year.  
If you meet the Tier 1 Minimum Development Target and certain other development targets set 
forth in the Development Schedule for a development year (which may include the cumulative 
Tier 2 Development Target and/or the cumulative Tier 3 Overreaching Target), you will be eligible 
to have the Initial Franchise Fees waived on certain additional Stores developed during that 
