Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
4-3
d.
No refund of Initial Franchise Fees.  If Developer has not achieved the 
[cumulative Tier 1: Minimum Development Target] with required number of new 
Franchised Stores openings for a specified Year, Developer will automatically 
forfeit all Initial Franchise Fee amounts paid that Year that do not correspond to 
any opened Franchised Stores.  The forfeited Initial Franchise Fee amounts will 
not be counted as a credit towards the Initial Franchise Fees that fall due in any 
subsequent Year nor towards any other payment or other obligation due to 
Franchisor. 
e.
Franchised Stores Only Counted Once.  For the avoidance of doubt, each 
Franchised Store opened during the Term of this Agreement will only be counted 
once for the purposes of the Growth Incentive. 
f.
Development Sales Rebates.  Under the circumstances described below, the 
following “Development Sales Rebates” shall apply: 
(i)
If Developer achieves its [cumulative Tier 2: Development Target] within 
a Year, then for the new Franchised Store that caused Developer to meet 
its Tier 2: Development Target for that Year and any additional subsequent 
Franchised Stores that Developer opens that Year that meet an additional 
Tier 2 Development Target (but not a Tier 3 Development Target), 
Franchisor shall pay to Developer [X%] of Net Sales from each of those 
Franchised Stores for [insert relevant time period] from the date the 
Franchised Store opened during the Year. 
(ii)
If Developer achieves its [cumulative Tier 3:  Overachieving Target] 
within a Year, then, for the new Franchised Store that caused Developer 
to meet its Tier 3: Development Target for that Year and any additional 
subsequent Franchised Stores that Developer opens that Year that meet an 
additional Tier 3: Overachieving Target, Franchisor shall pay to 
Developer [X%] of Net Sales from each of those Franchised Stores for 
[insert relevant time period] from the date the Franchised Store opened 
during the Year. 
5.
Payment of Growth Incentives.  All Growth Incentives payable from Franchisor to 
Developer pursuant to this Attachment A with respect to a particular Year shall be invoiced and paid prior 
to the end of the January that immediately follows the relevant Year (subject to Franchisor having received 
all the information reasonably needed or reasonably requested to calculate the relevant Growth Incentive 
Payments). 
6.
Definition of “Open”.  For the purposes of this Attachment A and the Development 
Schedule, a Franchised Store shall be considered “open” if it is trading and has daily cash sales of at least 
Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) (or equivalent) on an ongoing basis (e.g., open during normal business 
hours without anticipated business interruptions or intermittent closures) and meets the then-current Gong 
cha® store criteria prescribed under the Manual. 
7.
Periodic Business Review: Every calendar quarter, the representatives of the parties shall 
meet to discuss Developer’s pipeline for growth including the actual and forecasted: 
a.
Numbers of secured site locations for Franchised Stores; 
