22 
in connection with the Franchised Store as such debts and obligations to become due through electronic 
funds transfer in accordance with the obligations and procedures set forth in Section 4.5. In no way limiting 
the foregoing, Franchisee agrees to adhere to all ordering, delivery and payment policies required by 
Franchisor and its affiliates and set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing with respect to all Products 
including the Proprietary Products. In particular, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor (or its affiliates) for 
purchases, including all logistics-related costs, five (5) Business Days in advance of the clean bill of lading 
(shipping). Franchisor (and its affiliates) reserve the right not to ship any supplies prior to receipt of such 
payment in full. If Franchisee wishes to change any order it can do so without any additional cost within 
five (5) Business Days from the date of order. If Franchisee wishes to change any order after six (6) 
Business Days from the date of order then, Franchisor (or its affiliates, as the case may be) shall have the 
right to charge Franchisee an administrative fee of Two Hundred Dollars ($200) in addition to any 
reasonable change fee to cover any costs it incurs as a result and/or any wasted stock, which Franchisee 
shall pay by the date specified by Franchisor (or its affiliates).  
8.7.8
Franchisee must not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, distribute, 
resell, supply, or otherwise provide access to, make available or transfer any supplies required for the 
preparation and sale of the Products, and all equipment (including machines) and other materials required 
for the operation of the Franchised Store, including Proprietary Products, to, or allow such supplies to fall 
into the possession of, any third party or use such supplies for any purpose other than the operation of the 
Franchised Store in accordance with this Agreement, or alter vary or tamper with such supplies.  
8.7.9
Franchisee shall maintain adequate inventory levels of products and supplies 
through accurate demand forecasting to ensure that it does not experience out of stock occurrences. 
8.8
Proprietary Products. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Proprietary Products 
offered and sold at Gong Cha Stores are manufactured in accordance with secret recipes, standards, and 
specifications of Franchisor and/or its affiliates, including GCG, and are Proprietary Products of Franchisor 
and/or its affiliates. In order to maintain the high standards of quality, taste, and uniformity associated with 
Proprietary Products sold at all Gong Cha Stores in the System, Franchisee agrees to purchase Proprietary 
Products only from Franchisor or its affiliates, as Franchisor designates, and not to offer or sell any other 
items not approved by Franchisor at or from the Franchised Store. In connection with the manufacturing, 
handling, storage, transport and delivery of any Proprietary Products purchased from Franchisor or its 
affiliates, Franchisee acknowledges that any action or inaction by any third party (e.g., a food manufacturer 
or an independent carrier) in connection with the manufacturing, handling, storage, transport and delivery 
of the Proprietary Products shall not be attributable to nor constitute negligence of Franchisor or its 
affiliates. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees Franchisor and/or its affiliates may earn revenues on account 
of such sales of Proprietary Products to Franchisee. Franchisee must at all times promptly pay Franchisor 
or its affiliates as applicable for all Proprietary Products it purchases as such obligations become due. 
Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
8.9
No Warranties. Franchisee acknowledges that in purchasing or leasing supplies, 
equipment and/or materials from suppliers approved by Franchisor, FRANCHISOR EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE CONDITION OF 
SAME, INCLUDING EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY INTENDED PURPOSE. FRANCHISEE AGREES TO LOOK SOLELY TO 
THE MANUFACTURER OR SUPPLIER OF SAME IN THE EVENT OF ANY DEFECTS 
THEREIN. 
8.10
Inspections. Franchisee shall permit Franchisor and its agents to enter upon the Premises 
at any time during normal business hours for the purpose of conducting inspections of the Premises and the 
operations of Franchisee. Franchisee shall cooperate with representatives in such inspections by rendering 
such assistance as they may reasonably request; and, upon notice from Franchisor or its agents, and without 
limiting other rights of Franchisor under this Agreement, shall take such steps as may be necessary to correct 
immediately any deficiencies detected during any such inspection. Should Franchisee, for any reason, fail 
