61 
arbitration or other setting to the exclusion of Franchisee, should any such appearance by Franchisee be 
required or requested, Franchisor will recompense Franchisee the reasonable costs associated with 
Franchisee appearing at any such venue. 
28.5.2
Immediately upon hiring of any employee, Franchisee shall obtain from such 
employee, including every management personnel, and any other personnel hired at the Franchised Store, 
the signed Non-Disclosure and Non-Competition Agreement form, which form is attached hereto as 
Exhibit E. 
28.6
No Conflicting Obligations. Each party represents and warrants to the other that there are 
no other agreements, court orders, or any other legal obligations that would preclude or in any manner 
restrict such party from: (a) negotiating and entering into this Agreement; (b) exercising its rights under this 
Agreement; and/or (c) fulfilling its responsibilities under this Agreement. 
28.7
Different Franchise Offerings to Others. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisor may modify the offer of its franchises to other franchisees in any manner and at any time, which 
offers and agreements have or may have terms, conditions, and obligations that may differ from the terms, 
conditions, and obligations in this Agreement. 
28.8
Good Faith. Franchisor and Franchisee acknowledge that each provision in this Agreement 
has been negotiated by the parties hereto in good faith and the Agreement shall be deemed to have been 
drafted by both parties. It is further acknowledged that both parties intend to enforce every provision of this 
Agreement, including the provisions related to arbitration and choice of venue, regardless of any state law 
or regulation purporting to void or nullify any such provision. 
28.9
Success Depends on Franchisee. Franchisee acknowledges that the success of the 
business venture contemplated under this Agreement is speculative and depends, to a large extent, upon 
Franchisee’s ability as an independent businessperson, its active participation in the daily affairs of the 
business, market conditions, area competition, availability of product, quality of services provided as well 
as other factors. Neither Franchisor nor its affiliates make any representation or warranty express or implied 
as to the potential success of the business venture contemplated hereby. 
28.10
No Guarantees. Franchisor expressly disclaims the making of, and Franchisee 
acknowledges that it has not received nor relied upon, any warranty or guaranty, express or implied, as to 
the revenues, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
