39 
Franchisor reserves the right to place such, and subsequently modify or remove, on-line listings and 
advertisements on behalf of Franchisee. For any listings or advertisements posted by or on behalf of 
Franchisee, Franchisee shall promptly pay, upon demand by Franchisor, its pro-rata share of the costs. 
Additionally, these activities may be carried out through the use of the Brand Marketing Fund. 
13.9
Ownership of Advertising Plans and Materials. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees 
that any and all copyrights in and to advertising and promotional materials developed by or on behalf of 
Franchisee which bear the Proprietary Marks shall be the sole property of Franchisor and its affiliates, 
including GCG, and Franchisee agrees to execute such documents (and, if necessary, require its independent 
contractors to execute such documents) as may be deemed reasonably necessary by Franchisor or its 
affiliates to give effect to this provision. Any advertising, marketing, promotional, public relations, or sales 
concepts, plans, programs, activities, or materials proposed or developed by Franchisee for the Franchised 
Store or the System and approved by Franchisor may be used by Franchisor and its affiliates and other 
operators under the System without any compensation to Franchisee. 
13.10
Franchisor Initiated Campaigns.  Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, initiate new 
marketing campaigns in relation to Gong Cha Stores and the System. Franchisee shall take all action 
necessary to accommodate such initiatives, including by participation in such initiatives as require 
participation within thirty (30) days of notice from Franchisor.  
14.
INSURANCE
14.1
Insurance. Franchisee shall procure at its expense and maintain in full force and effect 
during the term of this Agreement, an insurance policy or policies protecting Franchisee, Franchisor and its 
affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, partners and employees against any loss, liability, 
personal injury, death, or property damage or expense whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in 
connection with Franchisee’s operations and the Franchised Store, as Franchisor may reasonably require 
the protection of Franchisee and Franchisor and its affiliates. Franchisor and its affiliates shall be named as 
additional insureds in such policy or policies. 
14.2
Coverages. Such policy or policies shall be written by an insurance company satisfactory 
to Franchisor in accordance with the terms, standards and specifications set forth in the Manuals or 
otherwise in writing; provided, however, that Franchisor shall have the right to designate from time to time, 
one or more insurance companies as the insurance carrier(s) for Gong Cha Stores, and if required by 
Franchisor, Franchisee shall obtain its insurance coverage from the designated insurance company (or 
companies). The policy or policies shall include, at a minimum (except different coverages, umbrella 
coverages, and policy limits as may reasonably be specified for all Franchisees from time to time by 
Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) the following: 
14.2.1
Builder’s risk insurance that satisfies the standards and specifications set forth 
by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing to cover any period(s) of renovation or construction 
at the Franchised Store. 
14.2.2
All risk coverage insurance on (i) all personal property covering the Franchised 
Store and Premises and contents thereof, including all supplies, inventory, fixtures, and equipment, 
containing a replacement value endorsement in an amount equal to the full replacement value thereof; (ii) 
business interruption in an amount no less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence; and (iii) 
data privacy and cyber insurance in an amount no less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) per 
occurrence. 
14.2.3
Worker’s compensation and employer’s liability insurance as well as such other 
insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Store is located and 
operated. If Franchisee is permitted to and elects not to have worker’s compensation insurance for its 
