43 
the transferee is not an individual, such Principals of the transferee as Franchisor may request) shall, in 
addition to the requirement of obtaining Franchisor’s consent as provided in Section 15.2, be subject to the 
requirements of Sections 15.3.3 and 15.3.4 (with respect to execution of releases and personal guarantees). 
15.5
Security Interests.  Neither Franchisee nor any Principal shall grant a security interest  in, 
or otherwise encumber, any of the assets or securities of Franchisee, including the Franchised Store unless 
Franchisee satisfies the requirements of Franchisor, which include execution of an agreement by the secured 
party in which it acknowledges the creditor’s obligations  under this Section 15, and agrees that in the event 
of any default by Franchisee under any documents related to the security interest, Franchisor shall have the 
right and option (but not the obligation) to be substituted as obligor to the secured party and to cure any 
default of Franchisee, and, in the event Franchisor exercises such option, any acceleration of indebtedness 
resulting from Franchisee’s default shall be void. 
15.6
Right of First Refusal. If Franchisee or any Principal desires to accept any bona fide offer 
from a third party to purchase Franchisee, any material asset of Franchisee, or any direct or indirect interest 
in Franchisee, Franchisee or such Principal shall promptly notify Franchisor, and shall provide such 
information and documentation relating to the offer as Franchisor may require. Franchisor shall  have the 
right and option, exercisable within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written transfer request and the 
required information and documentation related to the offer (including any information that Franchisor may 
reasonably request to supplement or clarify information provided to Franchisor with the written transfer 
request), to send written notice to the seller that Franchisor intends to purchase the seller’s interest on the 
same terms and conditions offered by the third party; provided, however, a spouse, domestic partner, parent 
or child of the seller shall not be considered a third party for purposes of this Section 15.6. If Franchisor 
elects to purchase the seller’s interest, closing on such purchase shall occur within forty-five (45) days from 
the date of notice to the seller of the election to purchase by Franchisor, or, if longer, on the same timetable 
as contained in the bona fide offer. 
15.6.1
Any material change thereafter in the terms of the offer from the third party or 
by Franchisee, or a change in the identity of the third party shall constitute a new offer subject to the same 
rights of first refusal by Franchisor as in the case of the third party’s initial offer. Failure of Franchisor to 
exercise the option afforded by this Section 15.6 shall not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this 
Agreement, including all of the requirements of this Section 15, with respect to a proposed transfer. 
15.6.2
If the consideration, terms, and/or conditions offered by a third party are such 
that Franchisor may not reasonably be required to furnish the same consideration, terms, and/or conditions, 
then Franchisor may purchase the interest proposed to be sold for the reasonable equivalent in cash. If the 
parties cannot agree within a reasonable time on the reasonable equivalent in cash of the consideration, 
terms, and/or conditions offered by the third party, Franchisor shall designate an independent appraiser to 
make a binding determination. The cost of any such appraisal shall be shared equally by Franchisor and 
Franchisee. If Franchisor elects to exercise its right under this Section 15.6, Franchisor shall have the right 
to set off all amounts due from Franchisee, and one-half (½) of the cost of the appraisal, if any, against 
any payment to the seller. 
15.7
Death of a Principal. Upon the death of a Principal, the deceased’s executor, 
administrator, or other personal representative shall transfer the deceased’s interest to a third party 
acceptable to and approved by Franchisor within twelve (12) months after the death. 
15.8
Permanent Disability of Controlling Principal. Upon the permanent disability of any 
Principal with a controlling interest in Franchisee, Franchisor shall have the right to require such interest to 
be transferred to a third party in accordance with the conditions described in this Section 15 within six 
(6) months after notice to Franchisee. “Permanent Disability” shall mean any physical, emotional, or 
mental injury, illness, or incapacity that would prevent a person from performing the obligations set forth 
