18
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
(iii) references to the Background, a Section, or Attachment will be to such Background, Section or 
Attachment of this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided; (iv) words importing the singular shall 
also include the plural and vice versa where the content requires; (v) each pronoun used herein shall be 
deemed to include the other number of genders (vi) all captions and paragraph headings in this Agreement 
are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or 
construction of any provision hereof; (vii) if Developer consists of two (2) or more individuals, such 
individuals will be jointly and severally liable, and references to Developer in this Agreement will include 
all such individuals; and (viii) unless otherwise provided, any reference to any statute or legislation will be 
deemed a reference to such statute or legislation as amended from time to time or to a newly adopted statute 
or legislation replacing a repealed statute or legislation and be deemed to include any subsidiary legislation 
made thereunder. 
13.8.
Interpretation of Rights and Obligations Under this Agreement.  The following 
provisions will apply to and govern the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under this 
Agreement and the relationship between the parties: 
13.8.1.
Franchisor’s Rights.  Franchisor shall have the right to operate, develop and 
change the System in any manner that is not specifically precluded by this Agreement.  Whenever 
Franchisor has reserved in this Agreement a right and/or discretion to take or withhold an action, or is 
deemed to have a right and/or discretion to take or withhold an action, or a right to grant or decline to grant 
Developer a right to take or omit an action, Franchisor may make its decision or exercise its rights, on the 
basis of the information readily available to Franchisor, and in Franchisor’s judgment of what is in 
Franchisor’s best interests and/or in the best interests of Franchisor’s franchise network, at the time its 
decision is made, without regard to whether: (i) other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternative 
decisions could have been made by Franchisor; (ii) Franchisor’s decision or action will promote 
Franchisor’s financial or other individual interests; (iii) Franchisor’s decision or the action Franchisor takes 
applies differently to Developer and one or more other developers or Franchisor’s company-owned 
operations; or (iv) Franchisor’s decision or the exercise of Franchisor’s right or discretion is adverse to 
Developer’s interests.  In the absence of an applicable statute, Franchisor will have no liability to Developer 
for any such decision or action.  The parties intend that the exercise of Franchisor’s rights or discretion will 
not be subject to limitation or review.  If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing 
in this Agreement, the parties agree that such covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are 
inconsistent with a fair construction of the terms of this Agreement and that this Agreement grants 
Franchisor the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain from taking actions not inconsistent with 
Developer’s rights and obligations hereunder. 
13.8.2.
Waiver of Punitive Damages.  Developer and Franchisor and its affiliates 
agree to waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the right to or a claim for any punitive or exemplary 
damages against the other and agree that in the event of any dispute between them, each will be limited to 
the recovery of actual damages sustained by it. 
13.8.3.
Waiver of Jury Trial. Developer and Franchisor irrevocably waive trial by 
jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim, whether at law or in equity, brought by either of them 
against the other, whether or not there are other parties in such action or proceeding. 
13.8.4.
Limitation of Actions.  Subject to any applicable statute of limitations, 
Developer and Franchisor agree that neither party will have the right to bring any claim or action against 
the other party unless the action or claim is commenced within one (1) year after the offended party has 
knowledge of the facts giving rise to the action or claim. 
