2
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representation, warranties, and covenants contained 
herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
1.
DEFINITIONS 
1.1.
“Competitive Business” means (i) any business with sales of tea products equal to or 
greater than fifty percent (50%) of total sales; and/or (ii) any retail store or other business that is the same 
as or similar to a Gong cha® store. 
1.2.
“Confidential Information” means any and all information, knowledge, know-how, 
methods, and techniques that may be communicated to Developer by Franchisor or its affiliates or of which 
Developer may be apprised by virtue of Developer’s operation under the terms of this Agreement 
concerning Franchisor or its affiliates, including GCG, other Gong cha® stores or franchisees, or the 
System, the Products and/or the marketing, management or operations of Franchised Stores (regardless of 
whether or not Franchisor has specifically designated it as “confidential”), except information which 
Developer can demonstrate came to its attention prior to disclosure thereof by Franchisor; or which, at or 
after the time of disclosure by Franchisor or its affiliates to Developer, had become or later becomes a part 
of the public domain, through publication or communication by others who are lawfully entitled to publish 
or communicate that information. 
1.3.
“Business Day” shall mean a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, or a national holiday 
in the United States. 
1.4.
“Development Schedule” means the cumulative number of Franchised Stores Developer is 
required to open and operate under this Agreement, as set forth in Attachment A to this Agreement. 
1.5.
“Development Area” means the geographic area described in Attachment A to this 
Agreement. 
1.6.
“Franchise Agreement” means the then-current form of agreements (including franchise 
agreement and any attachments, and other documents referenced therein), that Franchisor customarily uses 
in granting franchises for the operation of a Gong cha® store.  Developer acknowledges that Franchisor, in 
its discretion, may modify the standard form of Franchise Agreement customarily used in granting Gong 
cha® stores. 
1.7.
“Franchise Disclosure Document” means the then-current franchise disclosure 
document issued by Franchisor for use in the state or states where the Development Area will be located. 
1.8.
“Franchised Store” means a Gong cha® store developed and operated by Developer under 
a Franchise Agreement with Franchisor. 
1.9.
“Manuals” shall mean collectively the standard operating manuals, information sheets, 
notices or other documents prepared by Franchisor for use by Gong cha® franchisees, setting forth policies, 
procedures, instructions, guidelines standards, specifications and principals relating to the operation of 
Gong cha® stores, as the same may be amended, replaced or supplemented by Franchisor from time to 
time.  Manuals contain both required (or mandatory) provisions and recommended (or suggested) 
provisions. 
