17 
training or other assistance materials, and management reporting solutions (both upstream and downstream, 
as Franchisor may direct). Franchisee shall purchase and maintain such computer software and hardware 
as may be required to connect to and utilize the Intranet. 
7.6
Websites. As used in this Agreement, the term “Website” means an interactive electronic 
document, series of symbols, or otherwise, that is contained in a network of computers linked by 
communications software. The term Website includes Internet and World Wide Web home pages. In 
connection with any Website, Franchisee agrees to the following: 
7.6.1
Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to establish and maintain 
a Website, which may, without limitation, promote the Proprietary Marks, any or all of the Products, Gong 
Cha Stores, the franchising of Gong Cha Stores, and/or the System.  Franchisor shall have the sole right 
to control all aspects of the Website, including its design, content, functionality, links to the websites of 
third parties, legal notices, and policies and terms of usage; Franchisor shall also have the right to 
discontinue operation of the website. 
7.6.2
Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to designate one or more 
web page(s) to describe Franchisee and/or the Franchised Store, with such web page(s) to be located within 
Franchisor’s Website. Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s policies with respect to the creation, 
maintenance, and content of any such web pages; and Franchisor shall have the right to refuse to post 
and/or discontinue posting any content and/or the operation of any web page. 
7.6.3
Franchisee shall not establish a separate Website, without Franchisor’s prior 
written approval (which Franchisor shall not be obligated to provide). If approved to establish a Website, 
Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s and its affiliates’ policies, standards and specifications with 
respect to the creation, maintenance and content of any such Website. Franchisee specifically 
acknowledges and agrees that any Website owned or maintained by or for the benefit of Franchisee shall 
be deemed “advertising” under this Agreement, and will be subject to (among other things) Franchisor’s 
approval under Section 13. 
7.6.4
Franchisor and its affiliates shall control all social media channels and consumer-
facing communications relating to the System, Proprietary Marks, or Products. Franchisee shall not operate 
or make any statement on any such social media channels or make any such consumer-facing 
communications without the prior written consent of Franchisor.  Without prejudice to the generality of 
the foregoing, Franchisee shall not make any statement on any social media channel or any other 
consumer-facing communication that would bring into disrepute or otherwise be prejudicial to the 
goodwill, reputation, image or prestige of Franchisor, the System, the Proprietary Marks, or the demand 
for the Products provided under the Proprietary Marks. 
7.6.5
Franchisor shall have the right to modify the provisions of this Section 7 relating 
to Websites as Franchisor shall solely determine is necessary or appropriate. 
7.7
Online Use of Marks. Franchisee shall not, without the prior written approval of 
Franchisor, use the Proprietary Marks or any abbreviation or other name associated with Franchisor and/or 
the System as part of any e-mail address, domain name, and/or other identification of Franchisee in any 
electronic medium. Franchisee agrees not to transmit or cause any other party to transmit advertisements, 
solicitations, marketing information, promotional information or any other information whatsoever using 
the Proprietary Marks or regarding Gong Cha Stores, the System or the Products by e-mail or any other 
“Electronic Media” without Franchisor’s prior written consent and in accordance with such specific 
programs, policies, terms and conditions as Franchisor may from time to time establish. Electronic Media 
shall include blogs, microblogs, social networking sites (such as Facebook, LinkedIn and MySpace), video-
sharing and photo-sharing sites (such as YouTube and Flickr), review sites (such as Yelp and Urbanspoon), 
marketplace sites (such as eBay and Craigslist), Wikis, chat rooms and virtual worlds. 
