19 
8.3.2
Franchisee shall designate either the Designated Principal or an experienced 
manager to assume the full-time responsibility for the daily supervision and operation of the Franchised 
Store (the “General Manager”). Franchisee shall inform Franchisor in writing whether Franchisee, the 
Designated Principal (if Franchisee is other than an individual), or a General Manager will assume this 
role. If, in Franchisor’s sole determination, Franchisee or the Designated Principal (if Franchisee is other 
than an individual) does not have the necessary food service experience to operate the Franchised Store in 
accordance with the mandatory standards and specifications as Franchisor may from time to time prescribe 
in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, Franchisee must designate a General Manager, subject to 
Franchisor’s reasonable approval, with such necessary food service experience to assume the full-time 
responsibility for the daily supervision and operation of the Franchised Store. 
8.3.3
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall have the right to rely 
upon either or both the Designated Principal or General Manager as having responsibility and decision- 
making authority regarding the Franchised Store ’s operation and Franchisee’s business. 
8.4
Staffing. In order to protect and enhance the System and the goodwill associated with  the 
Proprietary Marks, Franchisee agrees to maintain a competent, conscientious, staff (who are trained by 
Franchisee to Franchisor’s standards and requirements) in numbers sufficient to promptly service customers 
and to take such steps as are necessary to ensure that its employees preserve good customer relations; render 
competent, prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable service; comply with such uniforms and/or dress code 
as Franchisor may prescribe; and meet such minimum standards as Franchisor may establish from time to 
time in the Manuals. Franchisee shall be solely responsible for all employment decisions and functions of 
the Franchised Store, including those related to hiring, firing, wage and hour requirements, recordkeeping, 
supervision, and discipline of employees, in addition to compliance with all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations. 
8.5
Use of Premises. Franchisee shall use the Premises solely for the operation of the 
Franchised Store; shall keep the Franchised Store open and in normal operation for such minimum hours 
and days as Franchisor may specify; shall refrain from using or permitting the use of the Premises for any 
other purpose or activity at any time without first obtaining the written consent of Franchisor. 
8.6
Conformity to Standards. To ensure that the highest degree of quality and service is 
maintained, Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Store in strict conformity with such mandatory 
methods, standards, and specifications as Franchisor may from time to time prescribe in the Manuals or 
otherwise in writing. Without limitation, Franchisee agrees as follows: 
8.6.1
Franchisee shall purchase and install prior to the opening of the Franchised Store, 
and thereafter maintain, all fixtures, furnishings, equipment, decor, and signs, and maintain in sufficient 
supplies and materials, as Franchisor may prescribe in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee 
shall refrain from deviating therefrom by the use of any unapproved item without the prior written consent 
of Franchisor. 
8.6.2
Franchisee shall offer and sell only Products that Franchisor or its affiliates 
specify from time to time, unless otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor; and Franchisee shall offer 
and sell all Products as Franchisor or its affiliates may specify from time to time as required offerings at 
the Franchised Store. Franchisee shall offer and sell the Products utilizing the ingredients and employing 
the preparation standards and techniques as specified by Franchisor or its affiliates. Franchisee is 
prohibited from offering or selling any products or services at or from the Franchised Store that have not 
previously been authorized by Franchisor or its affiliates, and shall discontinue selling and offering for 
sale any Products which Franchisor or its affiliates shall have disapproved, in writing, at any time. If 
Franchisee wishes to offer or sell any products or services that have not previously been authorized by 
Franchisor or its affiliates, Franchisee must first make a written request to Franchisor, requesting 
authorization to offer or sell such products or services in accordance with Section 8.7, and in the case of 
products, submitting the Special Licensed Products Application Form attached as Exhibit J. Franchisor, in 
