J-1
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
EXHIBIT J 
SPECIAL LICENSED PRODUCTS APPLICATION FORM 
Attention:
(1) 
You are required to submit weekly sales reports by the 3rd Business Day after the 
close of each Week (as these terms are defined in the Franchise Agreement) and 
update special licensed products lists stating all items sold, including discontinued-
products at current, to us for reference, for calculating the payment of royalty fees, as 
well as for censoring sales data.  Thus, equipped with Point-of-Sale System to link and 
integrate all stores sales is necessary.   
(2) 
Without having our approval in advance, no special licensed products can be sold or 
used in the menu items.  We will give feedback in 7 working days after receiving your 
application to confirm if the application is accepted or not, or more data is required. 
(3) 
Your application along with the sample will be reviewed by our R&D department and QA 
department.  It takes 30 working days for the whole procedure to gain our approval if the 
quality and SOP of the ingredients or products are tested safe and secure.  However, it 
might take longer if there’s anything in question at our sole and absolute discretion.  Thus, 
please file your application at least 3 months before proposed launching schedule.   
(4) 
Samples must be provided for testing and review.  If not available, please specify 
reasons.  Otherwise, the procedure will only be initiated upon receiving the sample 
of applied ingredients.   
(5) 
The form can be modified from time to time we deem necessary. 
(6) 
By submitting the application form, Master Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may share 
or modify the sop and recipe of applied products with other regions at its sole discretion. 

Application Date:  
Result: 

Area: 

Applied Reason: 
For new menu item (Gong Cha made drinks
Seasonal limit (Gong Cha made drinks)
Complimentary product (deserts, pastry, bottles, tumblers… for sale)
Ready-to-drink products
Others 
