25 
and deadlines as Franchisor may specify.  Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing obligation, 
at least every ten (10) years, such refurbishment shall consist of a full-store refit, including the replacement 
and modernization of the supplies, fixtures, signs, and equipment used at and in the Franchised Store. 
8.22
Compliance with Lease. Franchisee shall comply with all terms of its lease or sublease, 
its financing agreements (if any), and all other agreements affecting the operation of the Franchised Store; 
shall undertake best efforts to maintain a good and positive working relationship with its landlord and/or 
lessor; and shall not engage in any activity which may jeopardize Franchisee’s right to remain in possession 
of, or to renew the lease or sublease for, the Premises. 
8.23
Obligations to Third Parties. Franchisee must at all times pay its distributors, contractors, 
suppliers, trade creditors, employees, lessors, lenders, tax authorities, and other creditors, promptly as the 
debts and obligations to such persons become due. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this 
Agreement. 
8.24
Notice of Legal Actions. Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor in writing within 
a minimum of two (2) days of the commencement of any suit to foreclose any lien or mortgage, or any 
action, suit, or proceeding, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, 
agency, or other governmental instrumentality, including health agencies, which (i) relates to the operation 
of the Franchised Store, (ii) may adversely affect the operation or financial condition of the Franchised 
Store, or (iii) may adversely affect Franchisee’s financial condition.   
8.25
No Relocation. Franchisee shall not relocate the Franchised Store from the Approved 
Location without the prior written approval of Franchisor. If Franchisee desires to relocate the Franchised 
Store, the following terms and conditions shall apply: 
8.25.1
Franchisee shall submit such materials and information as Franchisor may 
request for the evaluation of the requested plan of relocation, including the business rationale for such 
action, along with evidence of its prior attempts to improve the performance of the Franchised Store to be 
relocated, reasons why the proposed relocation premises is preferable and a comparison between the 
existing and relocation premises, and any preliminary document, proposal, plan, report, accounts and other 
information as Franchisor may require relating to the potential relocation premises, including such 
financial data as Franchisor may request.  
8.25.2
Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, require any or all of the following as 
conditions of its approval for relocation: (i) Franchisee not be in default under any provision of this 
Agreement, or any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor; (ii) the proposed substitute 
location meets Franchisor’s then-current standards for Gong Cha Stores; (iii) the lease (if applicable) for 
the proposed substitute location must comply with Franchisor’s then-current lease requirements for Gong 
Cha Stores (which may include the requirement that the lease contain certain terms and conditions, which 
may be different than, or in addition to, those terms Franchisor required as of the Effective Date with 
respect to the Approved Location), and Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s approval of the proposed 
lease; (iv) Franchisee must possess the financial resources to meet the costs associated with relocating; 
and (v) Franchisee enters into Franchisor’s then- current form of Franchise Agreement (which shall replace 
this Agreement), provided that Franchisee shall not be required to pay an Initial Franchise Fee in an amount 
greater than fifty percent (50%) of the Initial Franchise Fee under this Agreement, and execute a general 
release in favor of Franchisor in the form prescribed by Franchisor. 
8.25.3
Any relocation of the Franchised Store shall be at Franchisee’s sole cost and 
expense. 
8.25.4
Franchisor shall have the right to charge Franchisee for costs and expenses 
incurred by Franchisor in connection with any approved relocation, as well as relocation fee amounting to 
fifty percent (50%) of the Initial Franchise Fee under this Agreement, as described in Section 8.25.2. 
