47 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
right to receive or use information we obtain from you, except as prohibited by applicable law or 
as we otherwise agree in writing with you.   
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
You will receive a “Territory” as identified in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement.  The size of 
your Territory will vary depending on a number of factors, including market demographics, the 
market penetration of Gong cha® stores and similar businesses, the availability of appropriate 
sites, traffic patterns, growth trends in the market, and population density, although a typical 
Territory will consist of a radius of up to 2 miles surrounding the Store.  During the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement, if you are in compliance, we will not directly establish, operate or franchise 
another to establish or operate any other Gong cha® store within the Territory. 
You will not have the right to open any other Gong cha® store in the Territory unless we permit 
you to do so under a separate Franchise Agreement.  You will not have the right to subfranchise 
or sublicense any of your rights under the Franchise Agreement.  The following categories of 
locations are specifically excluded from the Franchise Agreement: outlets that serve primarily the 
customers located within a facility, such as captive audience facilities (such as parks charging 
admission, sports arenas, stadiums, theme and amusement parks and centers, casinos, theaters and 
art centers), limited purpose facilities (such as airports, transportation terminals, department stores, 
in-door shopping centers, office buildings, business and industrial complexes – including corporate 
cafeterias, hotels, museums, health clubs, educational facilities – including schools, college and 
university campuses, hospitals, art centers, and recreational parks), limited access facilities (such as 
military complexes, buyer club businesses, convention centers, and business and industrial 
complexes), and other types of institutional accounts (collectively, “Non-Traditional Sites”).   
You will not receive exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from 
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.   
The location of the Store and the Territory will be identified in Exhibit A to the Franchise 
Agreement.  If you do not have a retail location selected for your Store that we have approved at 
the time you sign your Franchise Agreement, we will list a “Site Selection Area” as identified in 
Exhibit A of your Franchise Agreement.  You do not acquire any exclusive rights in this search 
area.  If another franchisee has been granted rights to operate a Gong cha® Store within the Site 
Selection Area, your approved location must not encroach under such franchisee’s specified 
territory.  You will have two months after the date of the Franchise Agreement to find and secure 
a retail location for the Store (acceptable to us) within the Site Selection Area.  Once you identify 
a retail location for your Store, and we approve that site, we will then update Exhibit A of your 
Franchise Agreement to identify this location.   
We will allow you to relocate the site of your Store, if it is not within the protected territory of 
another Gong cha® store or master franchisee, and the new site meets our other then-current 
requirements for a site.  You must construct, build-out, and equip your relocated Store based on 
our then-current standards and specifications.  You must pay us our Relocation Fee before we 
grant our approval. 
