35 
13.
MARKETING AND PROMOTION
13.1
Franchisee’s Advertising Obligations. Recognizing the value of marketing and 
promotion, and the importance of the standardization of marketing and promotion programs to the 
furtherance of the goodwill and public image of the System, Franchisee and Franchisor agree as follows: 
13.1.1
Franchisor reserves the right to require that Franchisee, during each Week 
(except for expenditures on local advertising and promotion, which shall be measured on a monthly basis 
or some other basis we designate), spend and/or contribute on advertising and promotion amounts, which, 
in the aggregate, are equal to an amount up to three percent (3%) of Franchisee’s Net Sales during the 
preceding Week to advertise and to promote the Franchised Store (together, the “Advertising 
Obligation”); provided, however, that the Advertising Obligations may exceed such amount under the 
circumstances set forth in Section 13.1.4. The Advertising Obligation shall be in the form of the following, 
and in such proportions as may be designated by Franchisor in writing from time to time:  
a)
contributions paid to the Brand Marketing Fund, pursuant to Section 13.2,  
b) contributions paid to any Cooperative Ad Fund, as may be established 
pursuant to Section 13.3, and/or  
c)
expenditures by Franchisee on “local advertising and promotion” pursuant 
to Section 13.4. 
13.1.2 As of the Effective Date and until Franchisee receives written notice from 
Franchisor of new allocations, the allocation of the Advertising Obligations shall be as follows: one percent 
(1%) of Net Sales shall be contributed by Franchisee to the Brand Marketing Fund (“Brand Marketing 
Fees”), and one percent (1%) of Net Sales shall be spent by Franchisee on local advertising and promotion, 
which amount will be used to satisfy the Cooperative Ad Fund, if and when one is instituted in Franchisee's 
trading area. The Cooperative Ad Fund contribution (“Regional Marketing Fees”) will not exceed two 
percent (2%) of Franchisee’s Net Sales, unless the members of such Cooperative Ad Fund vote to exceed 
the maximum amount. Any Regional Marketing Fees paid by Franchisee will be credited against 
Franchisee’s local advertising expenditure requirement. 
13.1.3
The Advertising Obligation is the minimum requirement only, and Franchisee 
may, and is encouraged to, expend additional funds for marketing and promotion. In addition to the 
Advertising Obligation, Franchisee shall undertake and complete the Grand Opening Advertising Program, 
as provided in Section 13.5. 
13.1.4
Notwithstanding the above, upon ninety (90) days’ prior written notice to 
Franchisee, Franchisor shall have the right to increase the Brand Marketing Fee Franchisee must pay to 
Franchisor to up to two percent (2%) of Net Sales. This means that Franchisee’s aggregate Advertising 
Obligations could be up to four percent (4%) of Net Sales. In addition, Franchisee’s aggregate Advertising 
Obligations may exceed three percent (3%) or four percent (4%) of Franchisee’s Net Sales, whichever is 
applicable at the time, if the members of a Cooperative Ad Fund, of which Franchisee is a member, approve 
(as described in Section 13.3.3) Regional Marketing Fees that, when aggregated with Franchisee’s other 
requirements under this Section 13, would cause Franchisee’s aggregate Advertising Obligation to exceed 
three percent (3%) or four percent (4%) of Franchisee’s Net Sales, as applicable. 
13.2
Brand Marketing Fund. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Franchisor has 
established a fund for system-wide advertising and promotion of the System (the “Brand Marketing 
Fund”). During the existence of the Brand Marketing Fund, Franchisee shall contribute to the Brand 
Marketing Fund in the manner specified in Section 4.5, such amounts as Franchisor may specify in 
accordance with Sections 13.1 and 13.4. Other of Franchisor’s unit franchisees in the United States also 
