40 
owners and officers, Franchisee shall maintain coverages for these individuals at all times for work- related 
injuries. 
14.2.4
Comprehensive general liability insurance with limits of at least One Million 
Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence, and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) general aggregate, and 
product liability insurance with limits of at least Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) general aggregate 
including the following coverages: personal injury (employee and contractual inclusion deleted); 
products/completed operation; assault and battery; terrorism; and tenant’s legal liability. All such 
coverages insuring Franchisor and Franchisee against all claims, suits, obligations, liabilities and damages, 
including attorneys’ fees, based upon or arising out of actual or alleged personal injuries or property 
damage resulting from, or occurring in the course of, or on or about or otherwise relating to the Franchised 
Store. The required coverage amounts herein may be modified from time to time by Franchisor to reflect 
inflation or future experience with claims. 
14.2.5
Automobile liability insurance, and property damage liability, including owned, 
non-owned, and hired vehicle coverage, with at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single 
limit, and Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) general aggregate limit. 
14.2.6
Excess liability coverage over general liability, automobile liability, and 
employer’s liability, with at least Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000) per occurrence. 
14.2.7
Such insurance and types of coverage as may be required by the terms of any 
lease for the Premises, or as may be required from time to time by Franchisor. 
14.2.8
The insurance shall cover the acts or omissions of each and every one of the 
persons who perform services of whatever nature at the Franchised Store, and shall protect against all acts 
of any persons who patronize the Franchised Store and shall contain a waiver of subrogation against 
Franchisor. Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor, in writing, of any accidents, injury, occurrence 
or claim that might give rise to a liability or claim against Franchisor or which could materially affect 
Franchisee’s business, and such notice shall be provided no later than the date upon which Franchisee 
notifies its insurance carrier. 
14.3
Certificates of Insurance. The insurance afforded by the policy or policies respecting 
liability shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by Franchisor. 
Prior to commencing any renovations or construction at the Franchised Store, Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor with a Certificate of Insurance for the builder’s risk insurance required under Section 14.2.1. At 
least thirty (30) days prior to the opening of the Franchised Store, and thereafter on an annual basis, 
Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a Certificate of Insurance, endorsement or such other proof in the 
form Franchisor requires showing compliance with the foregoing requirements (except with respect to 
the builder’s risk insurance, which shall have already been in effect pursuant to Section 14.2.1). Such 
certificate and policy shall state that said policy or policies will not be cancelled or altered without at least 
thirty (30) days prior written notice to Franchisor and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums. 
Maintenance of such insurance and the performance by Franchisee of the obligations under this Section 14 
shall not relieve Franchisee of liability under the indemnity provision set forth in this Agreement. 
Franchisee acknowledges that minimum limits as required above may be modified by Franchisor in its sole 
discretion from time to time, by written notice to Franchisee. Franchisor does not represent or warrant that 
any insurance that Franchisee is required to procure and maintain will provide adequate coverage for 
Franchisee.  The requirements of insurance specified in this Agreement are for the protection of Franchisor 
and its affiliates. Franchisee should consult with its own insurance agents, brokers, attorneys and other 
insurance advisors to determine the level of insurance protection it needs and desires, in addition to the 
coverage and limits required by Franchisor. 
14.4
Franchisor’s Right to Procure Insurance for Franchisee. Should Franchisee, for any 
reason, not procure and maintain such insurance coverage as required by this Agreement, Franchisor shall 
