51 
furnish Franchisor with an update to the information contained in Exhibit B upon any change, which shall 
be made only in compliance with Section 15. As set forth in Section 8.3, the Designated Principal shall at 
all times have at least a ten percent (10%) interest in Franchisee. 
19.2
Guaranty, Indemnification, and Acknowledgment. Each Principal shall execute a 
guaranty, indemnification, and acknowledgment of Franchisee’s covenants and obligations under this 
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
19.3
Corporations and Limited Liability Companies. If Franchisee or any successor to or 
assignee of Franchisee is a corporation or a limited liability company, Franchisee shall comply with the 
following requirements: 
19.3.1
Franchisee shall be newly organized and its governing documents shall at all 
times provide that its activities are confined exclusively to operating the Franchised Store. 
19.3.2
Franchisee shall, upon request of Franchisor, promptly furnish to Franchisor 
copies of Franchisee’s articles of incorporation, bylaws, articles of organization, operating agreement 
and/or other governing documents, and any amendments thereto, including the resolution of the Board of 
Directors and / or members authorizing entry into this Agreement and such governing documents shall not 
be amended during the term of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Franchisor. 
19.3.3
Franchisee shall maintain stop-transfer instructions on its records against the 
transfer of any equity securities of Franchisee; and each stock certificate or issued securities of Franchisee 
shall conspicuously include upon its face a statement, in a form satisfactory to Franchisor, which references 
the transfer restrictions imposed by this Agreement; provided, however, that the requirements of this 
Section 19.3.3 shall not apply to a publicly held corporation. 
19.4
Partnerships and Limited Liability Partnerships. If Franchisee or any successor to or 
assignee of Franchisee is a partnership or limited liability partnership, Franchisee shall comply with the 
following requirements: 
19.4.1
Franchisee shall be newly organized and its partnership agreement shall at all 
times provide that its activities are confined exclusively to operating the Franchised Store. 
19.4.2
Franchise shall furnish Franchisor with a copy of its partnership agreement as 
well as such other documents as Franchisor may reasonably request, and any amendments thereto. 
19.4.3
The partners of the partnership shall not, without the prior written consent of 
Franchisor, admit additional general or limited partners, remove a limited or general partner, or otherwise 
materially alter the powers of any general partner. 
20.
TAXES, PERMITS, AND INDEBTEDNESS
20.1
Taxes. Franchisee shall promptly pay when due all taxes levied or assessed, including 
unemployment and sales taxes, and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind incurred by 
Franchisee in the operation of the Franchised Store. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an amount equal to 
any sales tax, gross receipts tax, or similar tax or assessment (other than income tax) imposed on Franchisor 
with respect to any payments to Franchisor required under this Agreement, unless the tax is credited against 
income tax otherwise payable by Franchisor. 
20.2
Dispute About Taxes. In the event of any bona fide dispute as to Franchisee’s liability for 
taxes assessed or other indebtedness, Franchisee may contest the validity or the amount of the tax or 
indebtedness in accordance with procedures of the taxing authority or applicable law, but in no event shall 
Franchisee permit a tax sale or seizure by levy or execution or similar writ or warrant, or attachment by a 
