GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND THE PERIOD FROM
JANUARY 10, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and cost recognition (continued)
Franchise fees, royalties and other franchise related fees (continued)
Initial and renewal franchise fees allocated to the right to use the Company’s intellectual
property are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the
respective master franchise or unit franchise agreements.
Royalties are earned as a percentage of master franchise or unit franchisee gross sales
over the term of the respective master franchise and unit franchise agreements, as
defined in each respective franchise agreement. Franchise royalties which represent
sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the use of the Company's intellectual
property are recognized as franchisee sales occur and the royalty is deemed collectible.
Brand marketing fund
The Company maintains a brand marketing fund established to collect and administer
funds contributed for use in advertising and promotional programs for the benefit of
franchise units. Brand marketing fund fees are collected from franchisees based on a
percentage of franchisee gross sales. The Company has determined that it acts as a
principal in the collection and administration of the brand marketing fund and,
therefore, recognizes the revenues and expenses related to the brand marketing fund on
a gross basis. The Company has determined that the right to access its intellectual
property and administration of the brand marketing fund are highly interrelated and,
therefore, are accounted for as a single performance obligation. As a result, revenues
from the brand marketing fund represent sales-based royalties related to the right to
access the Company's intellectual property, which are recognized as franchisee sales
occur. When brand marketing fund fees exceed the related advertising fund expenses in
a reporting period, marketing costs are accrued up to the amount of brand marketing
fund revenues recognized.
The Company collects a brand marketing fund fee from its franchisees up to 1% of its
franchisees' gross revenues, with an option to increase the fee to up to 2% of gross
revenues, in accordance with the Company's standard franchise agreement. The brand
marketing fund is to be utilized for the benefit of the franchisees, with a portion
designated to offset the Company's administrative costs for its administration. Pursuant
to the standard franchise agreement, the Company is not required to segregate and
restrict monies collected on behalf of the brand marketing fund. For the year ended
December 31, 2024 and the period from January 10, 2023 (Inception) through
December 31, 2023, the Company incurred expenses related to franchisee advertising in
the amount of $1,045,184 and $789,324, respectively, which is included in "Operating
expenses" in the accompanying statements of income and changes in member's equity.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had collected, but not yet disbursed,
$265,697 and $83,811, respectively, of amounts collected on behalf of franchisees for
advertising, which is included in "Brand marketing fund payable" in the accompanying
balance sheets, respectively.
Other revenues
The Company will recognize revenue from fees and other services provided to the
franchisees as a single performance obligation, when the services are rendered.
9
