54 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE 
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
We prefer that you participate personally, on a full-time basis, in the operation of your Store.  If 
you are not an individual, you shall designate (subject to our approval) a person with at least 10% 
beneficial interest in you who will be responsible for general oversight and management of the 
operations of the Store on your behalf (the “Designated Principal”).  You must designate either the 
Designated Principal or an experienced manager to assume the full-time responsibility for the daily 
supervision and operation of the Store (the “General Manager”).  Your General Manager must 
have successfully completed our Initial Training Program.  Your General Manager does not need 
to have an ownership interest in you or your Store, but must sign non-competition and 
confidentiality agreements that restrict them to the same extent as you are restricted under the 
Franchise Agreement.  
You must also always maintain a staff of trained employees sufficient to operate your Store in 
compliance with our required standards. 
If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity, or you transfer your 
Franchise Agreement or ADA to a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other 
entity, each Principal must sign a personal guaranty of all obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement or ADA, as applicable.  
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must offer the products and services we specify, and you may not sell other products or 
services through your Store or under the Gong cha® marks without our prior written approval.  
You must have valid licenses or permits to sell the products and services you offer through your 
Store.  You must provide products and services that require specific supplies, products, and 
ingredients which you must purchase from us or our affiliate.  Likewise, you must purchase and 
use any additional furniture, fixtures, and equipment necessary to offer any products or services 
that we may require you to offer and sell through your Store.  All these items must meet our 
standards and specifications.  You cannot operate other businesses from your Store or the premises 
on which your Store is located.  We can also limit the type of products or services you may sell.  
We can change the products or services we allow you to offer at any time.  You must follow our 
policies, procedures, methods, and techniques and comply with all our mandatory standards and 
specifications when providing products or services through your Store.  You must keep your Store 
open for business during the days of the week and hours of service we specify, subject to applicable 
law.   
On-Site Consumption 
You may only sell the products and services we specify to retail customers at or from your Store.  
This means that all sales must be face-to-face to retail customers, for customer consumption at 
your Store or for carry-out or take-away consumption.  You must obtain our prior written approval 
if you wish to engage in off-premises catering or delivery activities, including through food trucks 
