E-4
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
ADDENDUM TO 
GONG CHA® AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE 
STATE OF HAWAII 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Gong cha® Area Development Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Gong cha® franchises 
offered and sold in the State of Hawaii: 
The Hawaii Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Hawaii or if your business will be located 
in Hawaii. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Area Development Agreement, to the 
extent that the Area Development Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement shall relieve the franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising 
in the State of Hawaii. 
2. 
Background paragraph E, and Section 13.9 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their 
entirety and replaced with the following: “INTENTIONALLY OMITTED”. 
3. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the Franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
4. 
Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning given them in 
the Area Development Agreement. 
5. 
Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Area Development Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
6. 
This Addendum is being entered into in connection with the Area Development Agreement.  In the 
event of any conflict between this Addendum and the Area Development Agreement, the terms and 
conditions of this Addendum shall apply. 
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, the 
jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met independently without 
reference to this Addendum. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
