6
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
3.3.
Financial Capability Criteria.  Developer must meet the standard financial capability 
criteria developed by Franchisor for developers in accordance with selection criteria described on 
Attachment D of this Agreement.  To this end, Developer must furnish without undue delay to Franchisor 
financial statements and other information regarding Developer and the development and operation of each 
proposed Franchised Store (including investment and financing plans for the proposed Franchised Store) 
as Franchisor reasonably requires and periodically (at least once each calendar year) provides aggregated 
financial statements for all its Gong cha® stores to Franchisor throughout the Term of this Agreement.   
3.4.
Franchise Agreement.  Developer must sign a Franchise Agreement for a specific 
Franchised Store and return it to Franchisor by the applicable date set forth in the Development Schedule 
for that Franchised Store.  Nothing in this Agreement independently authorizes Developer to operate a 
Franchised Store or use the Proprietary Marks or the System in any manner whatsoever.  Developer’s 
Principals must execute the “Guaranty, Indemnification, and Acknowledgement,”, in connection with each 
Franchise Agreement, using the form of agreement included in Franchisor’s then-current Franchise 
Agreement or Franchise Disclosure Document. 
3.5.
Superiority of Individual Franchise Agreement.  All individual Franchise Agreements 
that Franchisor and Developer sign for Franchised Stores within the Development Area are independent of 
this Agreement.  The continued effectiveness of any individual Franchise Agreement does not depend on 
the continued effectiveness of this Agreement.  If any conflict arises between this Agreement and any 
individual Franchise Agreement as to any individual Franchised Store, the terms of the individual Franchise 
Agreement will control.
3.6.
Records and Reports.  Developer must furnish to Franchisor quarterly written reports 
regarding Developer’s progress on the development of Franchised Stores.  In addition, Developer must 
keep accurate financial records and other records relating to the development and operation of Franchised 
Stores in the Development Area.  Franchisor may at all reasonable hours examine and make photocopies of 
all such records or request that Developer deliver, at its expense, such records to Franchisor.  
3.7.
Periodic Business Review.  As further described in Attachment A, every calendar quarter 
during the Term of this Agreement, the representatives of the parties shall meet to discuss Developer’s 
pipeline for growth. 
3.8.
Affiliated Entities.  With Franchisor’s prior written approval, Developer may establish 
affiliated entities to sign each Franchise Agreement and operate each Franchised Store under this 
Agreement.  Unless Franchisor provides its prior written consent, each Principal must own an identical 
voting and equity interest in any affiliated entity as the Principal owns in Developer and as executed under 
the  Guaranty, Indemnification and Acknowledgement attached as Attachment C to this Agreement.  
Developer must provide Franchisor with any information that Franchisor reasonably requests in connection 
with any affiliated entity.  If Developer establishes one or more affiliated entities pursuant to this 
Section 3.8, Developer will remain liable for all obligations and actions of such affiliated entities under a 
Franchise Agreement as though Developer executed such Franchise Agreement and agree to execute a 
guaranty agreement or other documents as Franchisor deems necessary to carry out the intentions of this 
Section 3.8.  The parties acknowledge and agree that any provisions in this Agreement that refer to franchise 
agreements entered into between Developer and Franchisor, including the Franchise Agreements, shall also 
apply to any franchise agreements entered into between Developer’s affiliated entities and Franchisor. 
