GONG CHA USA FRANCHISING, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND THE PERIOD FROM
JANUARY 10, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Intangible assets
Intangible assets consist of franchise relationships and master franchise agreements that
were assigned to the Company from the Licensor in a common control transaction.
Intangible assets were recorded at their carrying values on the date they were assigned,
are being amortized over their original estimated useful lives, and are reviewed for
impairment if indicators of impairment arise. The useful life of the intangible assets was
deemed to be 10 years.
The evaluation of impairment is based upon a comparison of the carrying amount of
the intangible assets to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset. If the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than
the carrying amount of the asset, the asset is considered impaired. The impairment
expense is determined by comparing the estimated fair value of the intangible asset to its
carrying value, with any shortfall from fair value recognized as an expense in the current
period. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges on its intangible assets
during the year ended December 31, 2024 and during the period from January 10, 2023
(inception) through December 31, 2023.
Franchisee deposits
In accordance with the unit franchise agreements and master franchise agreement
("MFA")s, franchisees pay a deposit, as defined in the unit franchise agreements and
MFAs, to the Company upon signing. The franchise deposit is returned to the
franchisee or offset against any outstanding receivables at the end of the initial contract
term.
Revenue and cost recognition
The Company derives substantially all its revenue from master franchise and unit
franchise agreements related to franchise fee revenue, royalty revenue, transfer fees,
technology fees, brand marketing fund revenue and store opening fees. 
7
