43 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
request, you must submit bills, statements, invoices, or other documentation satisfactory to us to 
evidence your advertising or marketing activities.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 13.4.) 
The term “local advertising and promotion” shall refer to advertising and promotion related 
directly to your Store, and will, unless otherwise specified, consist only of the direct costs of 
purchasing advertising materials (including camera-ready advertising and point of sale materials), 
media (space or time), promotion, direct out-of-pocket expenses related to costs of advertising and 
sales promotion (including advertising agency fees and expenses, cash and “in-kind” promotional 
payments to landlords, postage, shipping, telephone, and photocopying), and such other activities 
and expenses as we, in our sole discretion, may specify.  We may provide to you, in the Manuals 
or otherwise in writing, information specifying the types of advertising and promotional activities 
and costs which shall not qualify as local advertising and promotion, including the value of 
advertising coupons, and the costs of products provided for free or at a reduced charge for charities 
or other donations. 
Our Standards, Approval and Ownership 
All advertising, marketing and promotion to be used by you, the Brand Marketing Fund or any 
Cooperative Ad Fund must be in such media and of such type and format as we may approve, must 
be conducted in a dignified manner, and shall conform to such standards and requirements as we 
may specify.  You must not use any marketing or promotional plans or materials that are not 
provided by us unless you have submitted the materials to us.  You must not make any 
advertisements or representations, whether oral or written, which may (i) confuse, mislead, or 
deceive the public, (ii) be detrimental to the good name, trademarks, goodwill, image, prestige or 
reputation of us or our affiliates, the System, the Proprietary Marks or Products, or (iii) contravene 
any applicable federal, state or local laws and/or regulations.  If you desire to use marketing and 
promotional plans and materials that have not been provided or previously approved by us, you 
must submit samples of all such marketing and promotional plans and materials to us for prior 
approval (including prices to be charged).  If you do not receive written notice of approval from us 
within 5 Business Days of the date of receipt by us of such samples or materials, we shall be 
deemed to have not approved them.  All copyrights in and to advertising and promotional materials 
developed by or on behalf of you which bear the Proprietary Marks shall be the sole property of 
Franchisor and its affiliates, including GCG.  Any advertising, marketing, promotional, public 
relations, or sales concepts, plans, programs, activities, or materials proposed or developed by you 
for your Store or the System and approved by us may be used by us and our affiliates and other 
operators under the System without any compensation to you.  (Franchise Agreement – Sections 
13.6, 13.7 and 13.9.)  You are ultimately responsible for ensuring that your advertising and 
marketing complies with all applicable laws before implementing it. 
Websites and Online Use of the Proprietary Marks 
We have the right, but not the obligation, to establish and maintain a website, which may promote 
the Proprietary Marks, any or all the Products, Gong cha® stores, the franchising of Gong cha® 
stores, and/or the System.  We will have the sole right to control all aspects of the Website, 
including its design, content, functionality, links to the websites of third parties, legal notices, and 
policies and terms of usage, as well as its discontinuation.  We also have the right, but not the 
obligation, to designate one or more web page(s) to describe you and/or your Store, with such web 
