57 
five (45) days of Franchisee’s receipt of the notice specifying the designated mediator or such longer period 
as may be agreed upon by the parties in writing. All aspects of the mediation process shall be treated as 
confidential, shall not be disclosed to others, and shall not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding 
or legal action whatever. Franchisor and Franchisee shall each bear its own costs of mediation, and each 
shall bear one-half (½) the cost of the mediator or mediation service. This Section 27.2 mandating non-
binding mediation shall not be applicable to any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement or any other 
agreement between the parties which relates to the failure to pay fees or other monetary obligation(s) of 
either party under said agreement(s). 
27.3
Arbitration. Franchisor and Franchisee agree that, subject to Section 27.2, and except for 
controversies, disputes, or claims related to or based on improper use of the Proprietary Marks, other 
intellectual property rights or confidential information, all controversies, disputes, or claims between 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s affiliates, and Franchisor’s and their respective shareholders, members, 
officers, directors, agents, and/or employees, and Franchisee (and/or Franchisee’s owners, guarantors, 
affiliates, and/or employees) arising out of or related to: 
(1)
this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor; 
(2)
Franchisor’s relationship with Franchisee; 
(3)
the validity of this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee and 
Franchisor; or 
(4)
any System standard; 
must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party, to the American Arbitration 
Association. The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one arbitrator and, except as this Section 
otherwise provides, according to the American Arbitration Association’s then current rules. All proceedings 
will be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the arbitrator, which is within a five (5) mile radius of 
Franchisor’s then current principal place of business. The arbitrator shall have no authority to select a 
different hearing locale. Judgment upon the arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
27.3.1
The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her award any relief 
which he or she deems proper, including money damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from the date 
due), specific performance, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ fees and costs (as allowable under this 
Agreement or applicable law), provided that the arbitrator may not declare any Proprietary Mark generic 
or otherwise invalid. 
27.3.2
Franchisor and Franchisee agree to be bound by the provisions of any limitation 
on the period of time in which claims must be brought under applicable law or this Agreement, whichever 
expires earlier.  
27.3.3
Franchisor and Franchisee agree that arbitration will be conducted on an 
individual, not a class-wide, basis and that an arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and Franchisor’s 
affiliates, and Franchisor’s and  its affiliates’ respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and/or 
employees, and Franchisee (and/or Franchisee’s owners, guarantors, affiliates, and/or employees) may not 
be consolidated with any other arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and any other person. 
27.3.4
Despite Franchisor’s and Franchisee’s agreement to arbitrate, Franchisor and 
Franchisee each have the right to seek interim injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction; 
provided, however, that Franchisor and Franchisee must contemporaneously submit the applicable dispute 
for arbitration on the merits as provided in this Section 27.3. 
