13 
its affiliates), which approval may not be unreasonably withheld. If Franchisee proposes to purchase any 
type or model of construction or decorating material, fixture, equipment, furniture or sign not then 
approved by Franchisor, and/or any such item from any  supplier which is not then approved by Franchisor, 
Franchisee shall first notify Franchisor in writing and shall submit to Franchisor sufficient specifications, 
photographs, drawings and/or other information or samples for a determination by Franchisor of whether 
such brand or type of construction or decorating material, fixture, equipment, furniture or sign complies 
with its specifications and standards. Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, refuse to approve any such 
item(s) and/or supplier(s) that does not meet Franchisor’s standards or specifications. 
5.5
Opening Date. 
5.5.1 Unless delayed by the occurrence of events constituting “force majeure” as defined in Section 5.7, 
Franchisee shall construct, furnish, and open the Franchised Store in accordance with this Agreement the 
earlier of six (6) months following the Effective Date or four (4) months after the Approved Location is 
identified and secured through lease or purchase (“Opening Timeline”). 
5.5.2 If Franchisee does not construct, furnish, and open the Franchised Store in accordance with the 
Opening Timeline, Franchisor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement without providing any refund 
to Franchisee. Time is of the essence for this purpose. 
5.5.3 Franchisor, in its discretion, may elect, in lieu of terminating this Agreement, to use other remedial 
measures for Franchisee’s failure to meet the foregoing Opening Timeline, which include: (i) loss of the 
limited exclusivity, or reduction in the scope of protections, granted to Franchisee under Section 1.5 for the 
Territory; and/or (ii) reduction in the size or scope of the Territory. 
5.5.4 If Franchisor exercises any rights under this Section 5.5, Franchisor shall not have waived its right to, 
in the case of future defaults, exercise all other rights and invoke all other provisions that are provided in 
law and/or set out under this Agreement. 
5.6
Other Opening Conditions. Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with: (a) written notice 
of its specific intended opening date; and (b) request for Franchisor’s approval to open on such date. Such 
notice and request shall be made no later than thirty (30) days prior to such intended opening date. 
Additionally, Franchisee shall comply with all other of Franchisor’s pre-opening requirements, conditions 
and procedures (including those regarding pre-opening scheduling, training, and communications) as set 
forth in this Agreement, the Manuals, and/or elsewhere in writing by Franchisor, and shall obtain 
Franchisor’s written approval as to the opening date prior to opening the Franchised Store. 
5.7
Force Majeure. As used in this Agreement, “force majeure” means an act of God, war, 
civil disturbance, act of terrorism, government action, fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, or other 
calamity, strike or other labor dispute, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of Franchisee; 
provided, however, force majeure shall not include Franchisee’s lack of adequate financing. 
5.8
Franchised Store Closure. In the event that Franchisee wishes to close or cease trading 
from any Franchised Store, Franchisee shall discuss such action with Franchisor and provide Franchisor 
with business rationale for such action, along with evidence of its prior attempts to improve the performance 
of the Franchised Store. Franchisee shall not take any such action without the prior written agreement of 
Franchisor (not to be unreasonably withheld). 
6.
TRAINING
6.1
Initial Training and Attendees. Before opening the Franchised Store, Franchisee shall 
have satisfied all initial training obligations required by Franchisor, which are as follows: 
6.1.1
Franchisee (or, if Franchisee is other than an individual, the Designated Principal 
