53 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
Franchise Agreement, no monetary amount shall be assigned as attributable to any goodwill 
associated with your use of the System or the Proprietary Marks. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to the purchase of a franchise. 
We and our affiliates claim copyright protection for the Manuals and to advertising and 
promotional materials, forms, menus, and related materials that we or our affiliates produce, but 
neither we nor our affiliates have registered any of these materials with the Copyright Office of 
the Library of Congress.  These materials are proprietary and confidential and are our or our 
affiliates’ property.  You may use them only as long as you are a franchisee, and only as provided 
in your Franchise Agreement.  Also, because copyrights fall within the definition of IP Rights, the 
copyrighted materials described above that are owned by GCG are licensed to us under the License 
Agreement. 
There are currently no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office, USPTO, or 
any court regarding any of our or our affiliates’ copyrighted materials, nor are any proceedings 
pending that will or may significantly limit your use of these copyrighted materials.  Except for 
the License Agreement, there are no currently effective agreements between us and third parties 
pertaining to our copyrighted materials that will or may significantly limit your use of our 
copyrighted materials.  We are not aware of any infringing uses of these materials that could 
materially affect your use of these materials.  Neither we nor our affiliates are required by any 
agreement to protect or defend our or their copyrights.  
We will be disclosing to you certain information we believe to be confidential or proprietary 
information and trade secrets, including our products (including the Proprietary Products) and 
services, recipes and menus, pricing, methods, techniques, equipment, and sourcing lists of certain 
supplies, ingredients, and inventory used in or offered through your Store (“confidential 
information”).  Confidential information  will be included in our training, Manuals, and in 
materials we may separately provide you.  You may use these materials, in the manner we approve, 
in the operation of your Store during the duration of your Franchise Agreement.  However, you 
may not use these materials in any other way for your own benefit, or communicate or disclose 
them to, or use them for the benefit of, any other person or entity.  These materials include all trade 
secrets, knowledge or know-how, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, methods of operation, or 
other confidential information.  You may disclose this information to your Principals, General 
Manager and staff, but only to the extent necessary to operate the Store while your Franchise 
Agreement is in effect.  For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use confidential information for 
the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any 
artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities 
without our express written consent.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of 
the Franchise Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  You must not, without our prior written 
consent, input any confidential information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such 
information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You must opt out of allowing any 
provider or source of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training of any AI model 
or for other purposes.   
