47 
manner set forth under Section 24 hereof) stating the nature of the default to Franchisee at least thirty (30) 
days prior to the effective date of termination; provided, however, that Franchisee may avoid termination 
by immediately initiating a remedy to cure such default, curing it to the satisfaction of Franchisor, and by 
promptly providing proof thereof to Franchisor within the thirty (30) day period. If any such default is not 
cured within the specified time, or such longer period as applicable law may require, this Agreement shall 
terminate without further notice to Franchisee, effective immediately upon the expiration of the thirty (30) 
day period or such longer period as applicable law may require. 
16.5
Expiration or Termination of IP License Agreement. In the event that the IP License 
Agreement between Franchisor and GCG expires or is terminated, for any reason whatsoever, this 
Agreement shall terminate automatically unless GCG elects at its sole discretion to allow Franchisee to 
continue to operate under the terms of this Agreement, in which case Franchisee shall do all such things as 
may be required to assign and novate this Agreement to GCG or its designee in place of Franchisor. 
Franchisee expressly waives any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to termination or 
expiration of the IP License Agreement and/or termination of this Agreement including any claim of breach 
of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing. 
16.6
Cross Defaults. Any default by Franchisee under this Agreement may be regarded as a 
default under any other agreement between Franchisor (or any affiliate of Franchisor) and Franchisee (or 
any affiliate of Franchisee). Any default by Franchisee under any other agreement between Franchisor (or 
any affiliate of Franchisor) and Franchisee (or any affiliate of Franchisee) may be regarded as a default 
under this Agreement. 
17.
OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted hereunder to Franchisee shall 
terminate, and: 
17.1
Stop Operating. Franchisee shall immediately cease to operate the Franchised Store, and 
shall not thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold itself out as a present or former 
franchisee of Franchisor in connection with the promotion or operation of any other business. 
17.2
Stop Using the System. Franchisee shall immediately and permanently cease to use, in 
any manner whatsoever, any confidential information, methods, procedures, and techniques associated with 
the System; the Proprietary Mark “Gong cha” and all other Proprietary Marks and distinctive forms, 
slogans, signs, symbols, trade dress, distinctive decor and devices associated with the System. In particular, 
Franchisee shall cease to use all signs, marketing materials, displays, stationery, forms, products, and any 
other articles which display the Proprietary Marks. 
17.3
Cancel Assumed Names. Franchisee shall take such action as may be necessary to cancel 
any assumed name registration or equivalent registration obtained by Franchisee which contains the mark 
“Gong cha” or any other Proprietary Marks, and Franchisee shall furnish Franchisor with evidence 
satisfactory to Franchisor of compliance with this obligation within five (5) days after termination or 
expiration of this Agreement. 
17.4
The Premises. Franchisee shall, at the option of Franchisor, assign to Franchisor or its 
designee any interest which Franchisee has in any lease or sublease for the Premises. In the event Franchisor 
does not elect to exercise its option to acquire or have its designee acquire the lease or sublease for the 
Premises, Franchisee shall make such modifications or alterations to the Premises immediately upon 
termination or expiration of this Agreement as may be necessary to distinguish the appearance of the 
Premises from that of a Gong Cha Store under the System, and shall make such specific additional changes 
thereto as Franchisor may reasonably request for that purpose. In the event Franchisee fails or refuses to 
comply with the requirements of this Section 17.4, Franchisor shall have the right to enter upon the 
