10 
under this Agreement. 
4.8
Overdue Payments and Reports. Any payment, contribution, statement, or report due to 
Franchisor (or an affiliate of Franchisor) under this Agreement or in connection with the Franchised Store 
not actually received on or before such due date shall be overdue. If any contribution or  payment is overdue, 
Franchisee shall pay Franchisor immediately upon demand, in addition to the overdue amount: (i) a late 
payment administration fee in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the overdue amount, and (ii) interest 
on the overdue amount from the date it was due until paid, at the maximum rate permitted by law, not to 
exceed one and one-half percent (1 ½%) per month. Entitlement to such interest shall be in addition to any 
other remedies Franchisor may have. 
4.9
No Waiver.  Acceptance by Franchisor of the payment of any Royalty Fee, or any and all 
other payments provided for in this Agreement, shall not be conclusive or binding on Franchisor with 
respect to the accuracy of such payment until two (2) years after the effective date of termination or non- 
renewal of this Agreement. Acceptance of any payment on account of the Royalty Fee or any and all other 
payments provided for in this Agreement does not constitute any waiver of Franchisor’s rights hereunder. 
4.10
No Subordination. Franchisee shall not subordinate to any other obligation its obligation 
to pay Franchisor the royalties and/or any other fee or charge payable to Franchisor, whether under this 
Agreement or otherwise. 
4.11
U.S. Dollars. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts stated in this Agreement are in U.S. 
Dollars, including amounts payable by Franchisee to Franchisor and its affiliates. 
5.
SITE SELECTION, CONSTRUCTION AND OPENING OF BUSINESS
5.1
Identifying and Securing Sites. Franchisee shall, within two (2) months of the Effective 
Date, be solely responsible for identifying, submitting for Franchisor’s approval, and securing a site 
(through lease or purchase) for the Franchised Store. The following terms and conditions shall apply to the 
Franchised Store: 
5.1.1
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, in a form specified by Franchisor, a 
completed site approval package, which shall include: (i) a site approval form prescribed by Franchisor; 
(ii) a trade area and site marketing research analysis (prepared by a company approved in advance by 
Franchisor); (iii) an option contract, letter of intent, or other evidence satisfactory to Franchisor which 
describes Franchisee’s favorable prospects for obtaining such site; (iv) photographs of the site; (v) 
demographic statistics; and (vi) such other information or materials as Franchisor may  reasonably require 
(collectively, the “SAP”). Franchisor shall have twenty (20) Business Days after receipt of the SAP from 
Franchisee to approve or disapprove, in its sole discretion, the proposed site for the Franchised Store. In 
the event Franchisor does not approve a proposed site by written notice to Franchisee within said twenty 
(20) Business Days, such site shall be deemed disapproved by Franchisor. No site shall be deemed 
approved unless it has been expressly approved in writing by Franchisor. The term “Business Day” shall 
mean a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, or a national holiday in the United States. 
5.1.2
Following Franchisor’s approval of a proposed site, Franchisee shall use its best 
efforts to secure such site, either through a lease/sublease that is acceptable to Franchisor, as provided in 
Section 5.2, or a binding purchase agreement, and shall do so within sixty (60) Business Days of approval 
of the site by Franchisor. Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor of the execution of the approved 
lease or binding purchase agreement. 
5.1.3
Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that approval by Franchisor of a site 
does not constitute an assurance, representation, or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the 
suitability of the site for the Franchised Store or for any other purpose. Approval by Franchisor of the site 
