4
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
2.3.
Development Obligations.  During the Term of this Agreement, Developer will honestly 
and diligently perform Developer’s obligations and continuously exert Developer’s best efforts to promote 
and enhance the development of Franchised Stores within the Development Area.  Developer agrees to 
open and continue to operate the cumulative number of Franchised Stores as required in the Development 
Schedule and to comply with the Development Obligations described on Attachment A to this Agreement.  
2.4.
Business Closings.  A Franchised Store which is permanently closed with Franchisor’s 
approval after having been open will be deemed open and in operation for purposes of the Development 
Schedule if a replacement Franchised Store is open and in operation within six (6) months from the date of 
closing.  A replacement Franchised Store does not otherwise count toward the Development Schedule and 
would be subject to the applicable “Relocation Fee” under the applicable Franchise Agreement.  
2.5.
Franchisor’s Reservation of Rights. The Development Area granted to Developer does 
not restrict Franchisor from soliciting or accepting orders from consumers within Developer’s Development 
Area.  Notwithstanding Section 2.2, Franchisor, directly or through Franchisor’s affiliates, and with no 
obligation to compensate Developer or seek Developer’s approval, reserves and retains the following rights:  
2.5.1.
To own, acquire, establish, and/or operate, and license others to establish and 
operate, Franchised Stores under the System at any location outside the Development Area, notwithstanding 
their proximity to the Development Area or their actual or threatened impact on sales of the Franchised 
Stores;
2.5.2.
To own, acquire, establish and/or operate, and license others to establish and 
operate, businesses under proprietary marks other than the Proprietary Marks, whether such businesses are 
similar to or different from the Franchised Stores, at any location within or outside the Development Area, 
notwithstanding their proximity to the Development Area or their actual or threatened impact on sales of 
the Franchised Stores;
2.5.3.
To own, acquire, establish, and/or operate and license others to establish and 
operate, Franchised Stores under the Proprietary Marks at Non-Traditional Sites at any location within or 
outside the Territory; 
2.5.4.
To sell and to distribute, directly or indirectly, or to license others to sell and to 
distribute, directly or indirectly, any products (including the Products) through grocery or convenience 
stores or through outlets that are primarily retail in nature, or through mail order, toll free numbers, or the 
internet, including those products bearing the Proprietary Marks, provided that distribution within the 
Development Area shall not be from a Franchised Store established under the System that is operated from 
within the Development Area;
2.5.5.
To sell and to distribute, directly or indirectly, or to license others to sell and to 
distribute, directly or indirectly, any products (including the Products) to any customer, business or 
enterprise located within or outside the Development Area through any delivery or catering process 
determined in Franchisor’s sole discretion, including those products bearing the Proprietary Marks, 
notwithstanding the actual or threatened impact on sales of the Franchised Stores; and  
2.5.6.
To (i) acquire one or more retail businesses that are the same as, or similar to, 
Franchised Stores then operating under the System (each an “Acquired Business”), which may be at any 
location within or outside the Development Area, notwithstanding their proximity to the Development Area 
or their actual or threatened impact on sales of the Franchised Stores, and to (ii) operate and/or license 
others to operate any Acquired Business under its existing name or as a Franchised Store under the System, 
subject to the following conditions that apply to each Acquired Business located within the Territory: 
