5 
System, subject to the following conditions that apply to each Acquired Business located within the 
Territory: 
a)
Except as provided in Section 1.5.6(b), and provided that Franchisee is 
in compliance with this Agreement and any other agreement with Franchisor, Franchisor 
shall offer to Franchisee the option to purchase and operate, as a Gong Cha Store, an 
Acquired Business that is purchased by Franchisor for operation by Franchisor or its 
affiliates. Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with written notice of Franchisor’s 
purchase of the Acquired Business(es), the terms and conditions applicable to 
Franchisee’s option to purchase such Acquired Business(es), and such other information 
that Franchisor deems necessary to include in the notice. The terms and conditions 
offered to Franchisee shall include the following: (a) the purchase price will be based 
on Franchisor’s purchase price for such Acquired Business, and if the Acquired Business 
was part of an Acquired System (as defined below in Section 1.5.6(b)), then Franchisee’s 
purchase price for such Acquired Business shall be determined using a ratio equal to the 
sales during the prior year of such Acquired Business as compared to the total sales in 
such prior year of all Acquired Businesses purchased by Franchisor in the same 
transaction or other industry valuation mechanism determined by Franchisor; and (b) the 
requirement that Franchisee enter into Franchisor’s then-current form of System 
franchise agreement for the Acquired Business. If Franchisee does not elect to purchase, 
or fails to complete the purchase of, an Acquired Business, Franchisor shall have the 
right to operate itself, or through its affiliates or third-party licensees or franchisees, the 
Acquired Business under any trade name, service mark, or trademarks, including the 
Proprietary Marks. For the purposes of this Section 1.5.6(a), Franchisor shall assume that 
Franchisee does not wish to elect to purchase an Acquired Business if such purchase is 
not completed within 7 Business Days of the offer to purchase and operate the Acquired 
Business. 
b)
If an Acquired Business is part of a system of retail businesses that 
Franchisor acquires (an “Acquired System”), Franchisee shall have no right to purchase, 
and Franchisor shall not be obligated to offer Franchisee any option to purchase, any 
Acquired Business that is operated by a licensee or franchisee under the Acquired 
System. Franchisor may license such unit to be operated under any trade name or 
trademarks, including the Proprietary Marks, and may also license to the licensee or 
franchisee additional units of the Acquired System that the licensee or franchisee has the 
right to develop and operate within the Territory. 
1.6
No Territory Established. If there is no Territory established in Exhibit A, Franchisee 
expressly acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may own, acquire, establish, and/or operate and license 
others to establish and operate, Gong Cha Stores under the System at any location, and exercise all of the 
rights reserved to it in Section 1.5 at any location, notwithstanding the proximity to or the actual or 
threatened impact on sales of the Franchised Store. 
2.
TERM AND RENEWAL
2.1
Initial Term. This Agreement shall be in effect upon its acceptance and execution by 
Franchisor and, except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall expire ten (10) years from the 
Effective Date. 
2.2
Renewal. Franchisee may apply to operate the Franchised Store for one (1) additional term 
of ten (10) years, if the following conditions are met prior to renewal: 
2.2.1
For the renewal Franchisee shall give Franchisor written notice of Franchisee’s 
