10
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
provide such information and documentation relating to the offer as Franchisor may require.  Franchisor 
shall have the right and option, exercisable within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written transfer request 
and the required information and documentation related to the offer (including any information that 
Franchisor may reasonably request to supplement or clarify information provided to Franchisor with the 
written transfer request), to send written notice to the seller that Franchisor intends to purchase the seller’s 
interest on the same terms and conditions offered by the third party; provided, however, a spouse, domestic 
partner, parent or child of the seller shall not be considered a third party for purposes of this Section 6.5.  If 
Franchisor elects to purchase the seller’s interest, closing on such purchase shall occur within forty-five 
(45) days from the date of notice to the seller of Franchisor’s election to purchase, or, if longer, on the same 
timetable as contained in the bona fide offer. 
6.5.1.
Any material change thereafter in the terms of the offer from the third party or by 
Developer, or a change in the identity of the third party shall constitute a new offer subject to the same 
rights of first refusal by Franchisor as in the case of the third party’s initial offer.  Franchisor’s failure to 
exercise the option afforded by this Section 6.5 shall not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this 
Agreement, including all of the requirements of Section 6, with respect to a proposed transfer. 
6.5.2.
If the consideration, terms, and/or conditions offered by a third party are such that 
Franchisor may not reasonably be required to furnish the same consideration, terms, and/or conditions, then 
Franchisor may purchase the interest proposed to be sold for the reasonable equivalent in cash.  If the parties 
cannot agree within a reasonable time on the reasonable equivalent in cash of the consideration, terms, 
and/or conditions offered by the third party, Franchisor shall designate an independent appraiser to make a 
binding determination.  The cost of any such appraisal shall be shared equally by Developer and Franchisor.  
If Franchisor elects to exercise its right under this Section 6.5, Franchisor shall have the right to set off all 
amounts due from Developer, and one-half (½) of the cost of the appraisal, if any, against any payment to 
the seller. 
6.6.
Guaranty.  All of Developer’s Principals (if Developer is a corporation, partnership or 
other entity) will sign a “Guaranty, Indemnification, and Acknowledgement” in the form attached to this 
Agreement as Attachment B (the “Guaranty Agreement”).  Any person or entity that at any time after the 
date of this Agreement becomes a Principal of Developer’s under the provisions of this Section 6 or 
otherwise will, as a condition of becoming a Principal, sign the Guaranty Agreement. 
7.
COVENANTS 
7.1.
Organization.  If Developer is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or 
other entity, then Developer covenant that:   
7.1.1.
Developer is organized and validly exists under the laws of the state where 
Developer was formed; 
7.1.2.
Developer is qualified and authorized to do business in the jurisdiction where the 
Development Area is situated; 
7.1.3.
Developer’s articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, member 
control agreement or other organizational documents (“Authorizing Documents”) at all times will provide 
that Developer’s business activities will be limited exclusively to the ownership and operation of the 
Franchised Store, unless Developer otherwise obtains Franchisor’s written consent; 
7.1.4.
Developer has the power under the Authorizing Documents to sign this Agreement 
and comply with the provisions of this Agreement; 
