38 
specified, consist only of the direct costs of purchasing advertising materials (including camera-ready 
advertising and point of sale materials), media (space or time), promotion, direct out- of-pocket expenses 
related to costs of advertising and sales promotion (including advertising agency fees and expenses, cash 
and “in-kind” promotional payments to landlords, postage, shipping, telephone, and photocopying), and 
such other activities and expenses as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may specify. Franchisor may provide 
to Franchisee, in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, information specifying the types of advertising and 
promotional activities and costs which shall not qualify as “local advertising and promotion,” including 
the value of advertising coupons, and the costs of products provided for free or at a reduced charge for 
charities or other donations. 
13.4.3
Upon written notice to Franchisee, Franchisor may require Franchisee to 
participate in mandatory promotions as Franchisor may develop and implement from time to time. 
13.5
Grand Opening Advertising. In addition to the Advertising Obligation, Franchisee shall 
expend a minimum of Two Thousand Fifty Dollars ($2,050) for grand opening advertising and promotional 
programs in conjunction with the Franchised Store’s initial grand opening, pursuant to a grand opening 
marketing plan developed by Franchisor or developed by Franchisee and approved in writing by Franchisor 
(the “Grand Opening Advertising Program”). The Grand Opening Advertising Program shall be 
executed and completed within ninety (90) days after the Franchised Store commences operation. 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, for Franchisor’s prior written approval, a marketing plan and samples 
of all advertising and promotional material not prepared or previously approved by Franchisor. For the 
purpose of this Agreement, the Grand Opening Advertising Program shall be considered local advertising 
and promotion, as provided under Section 13.4. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to 
deposit with Franchisor before the Franchise Store commences operation the funds required under this 
Section 13.5 to distribute as may be necessary to conduct the Grand Opening Advertising Program. 
13.6
Standards for Advertising. 
13.6.1
All advertising, marketing and promotion to be used by Franchisee, the Brand 
Marketing Fund or any Cooperative Ad Fund shall be in such media and of such type and format as 
Franchisor may approve, shall be conducted in a dignified manner, and shall conform to such standards 
and requirements as Franchisor may specify. Franchisee shall not use any marketing or promotional plans 
or materials that are not provided by Franchisor unless and until Franchisee has submitted the materials to 
Franchisor, pursuant to the procedures and terms set forth in Section 13.7. 
13.6.2
Franchisee shall not make any advertisements or representations, whether oral 
or written, which may (i) confuse, mislead, or deceive the public or (ii) be detrimental to the good name, 
trademarks, goodwill, image, prestige or reputation of Franchisor, System, Proprietary Marks or Products 
or (iii) contravene any applicable federal, state or local laws and/or regulations. 
13.7
Franchisor’s Approval of Proposed Plans and Materials. If Franchisee desires to use 
marketing and promotional plans and materials that have not been provided or previously approved by 
Franchisor, Franchisee shall submit samples of all such marketing and promotional plans and materials to 
Franchisor (as provided in Section 22.1) for prior approval (including prices to be charged). If written notice 
of approval is not received by Franchisee from Franchisor within five (5) Business Days of the date of 
receipt by Franchisor of such samples or materials, Franchisor shall be deemed to have not approved them. 
13.8
Directory Listings. Franchisee shall, at its expense and in addition to its expenditures for 
local advertising and promotion, obtain listings in the white and yellow pages of local telephone directories. 
Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s specifications concerning such listings, including the form and 
size of such listings, and the number of directories in which such listings shall be placed. Additionally, 
Franchisee shall be required to obtain listings in and/or advertise with Franchisor and other franchisees in 
the System, on electronic yellow page directories and other on-line directories as Franchisor may designate. 
