17
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
13.
ENFORCEMENT 
13.1.
Severable Parts.  Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each portion, 
section, part, term, and/or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, 
any section, part, term, and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict 
with, any existing or future law or regulation by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such shall not 
impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such other portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or 
provisions of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible; and the latter shall continue to be given 
full force and effect and bind the parties hereto; and said invalid portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or 
provisions shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement. 
13.2.
Non-waiver.  No failure by Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to Franchisor 
hereunder, or to insist upon Developer’s strict compliance with any obligation or condition hereunder, and 
no custom or practice of the parties in variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver of 
Franchisor’s right to demand exact compliance with the terms hereof.  Franchisor’s waiver of any particular 
default by Developer shall not be binding unless in writing and executed by the party sought to be charged 
and shall not affect or impair Franchisor’s right with respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a 
different nature; nor shall any of Franchisor’s delay, waiver, forbearance, or omission to exercise any power 
or rights arising out of any breach or default by Developer of any of the terms, provisions, or covenants 
hereof, affect or impair Franchisor’s rights nor shall such constitute a waiver by Franchisor of any right 
hereunder or of the right to declare any subsequent breach or default.  Franchisor’s subsequent acceptance 
of any payment(s) due to it hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding 
breach by Developer of any terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
13.3.
No Rights Exclusive of Other Rights.  No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to 
Developer or Franchisor by this Agreement is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive of any other 
right or remedy provided herein or permitted by law or equity, but each shall be cumulative of every other 
right or remedy. 
13.4.
Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to the mediation and arbitration obligations in Sections 
12.1 and 12.2, any judicial action must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of 
Massachusetts.  Each of the parties irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any 
objection to such jurisdiction or venue.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor may bring an action for 
a temporary restraining order or for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, or to enforce an arbitration 
award or judicial decision, in any court in the jurisdiction in which Developer resides or in which any 
Franchised Store is located. 
13.5.
Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. § 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Massachusetts. 
13.6.
Binding Effect.  This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their respective executors, 
administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in interest, and will not be modified except by written 
agreement signed by both Developer and Franchisor.  Except as provided above, this Agreement is not 
intended, and will not be deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a 
party to this Agreement. 
13.7.
Interpretations.  In this Agreement: (i) whenever the words “include,” “includes” or 
“including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without 
limitation”; (ii) the attachments to this Agreement will be incorporated into and deemed part of this 
Agreement and all references to this Agreement will include the attachments to this Agreement; 
