8
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its approval of any proposed Transfer provided the conditions 
of this Section 6 are met.  Any Transfer of this Agreement made by Developer without Franchisor’s prior 
written consent will be null and void and a breach of this Agreement.  Developer may not grant a security 
interest in Developer’s business or any of its assets without Franchisor’s prior written consent.  Franchisor’s 
consent to a Transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against Developer. 
6.2.
Requirements.  Franchisor shall not unreasonably withhold any consent required by 
Section 6.1, provided that Franchisor shall have the right to require any or all of the following as conditions 
of approval:  
6.2.1.
Developer must assign all Franchise Agreements entered into as of the date of 
assignment (including all Franchised Stores’ assets) to the same transferee;
6.2.2.
All of Developer’s monetary obligations and all other outstanding obligations to 
Franchisor, its affiliates, and the approved suppliers of the System have been satisfied in full;
6.2.3.
Developer is not in default under any provision of this Agreement, any Franchise 
Agreement, any other agreement between Developer and Franchisor or its affiliate, or any approved supplier 
of the System; 
6.2.4.
Developer and each Principal sign a general release, in form and substance 
satisfactory to Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor and its past and present affiliates, 
officers, directors, employees and agents, except to the extent limited or prohibited by applicable law;
6.2.5.
The transferee of a Principal shall be designated as a Principal and each transferee 
who is designated a Principal shall enter into a written agreement, in a form satisfactory to Franchisor, 
agreeing to be bound as a Principal under the terms of this Agreement as long as such person or entity owns 
any interest in Developer.  Additionally, the transferee and/or such owners of the transferee as Franchisor 
may request shall guarantee the performance of the transferee’s obligations in writing in a form satisfactory 
to Franchisor;
6.2.6.
The transferee shall demonstrate to Franchisor’s satisfaction that the terms of the 
proposed transfer do not place an unreasonable financial or operational burden on the transferee, and that 
the transferee (or, if the transferee is other than an individual, such owners of beneficial interest in the 
transferee as Franchisor may request) meets Franchisor’s then-current application qualifications (which 
may include educational, managerial, socially responsible and business standards, as well as  good moral 
character, business reputation, and credit rating); has the aptitude and ability to operate the Franchised 
Store; absence of conflicting interests; and has adequate financial resources and capital to operate the 
Franchised Store;
6.2.7.
The transferee (and, if the transferee is not an individual, such Principals of the 
transferee as Franchisor may request) enters into a written agreement, in form satisfactory to Franchisor, 
assuming and agreeing to discharge all of Developer’s obligations and covenants under this Agreement for 
the remainder of its term or, at Franchisor’s option, signs Franchisor’s then-current standard form of area 
development agreement (which may contain materially different terms and conditions than this Agreement);
6.2.8.
The transferee, at its expense, shall upgrade the Franchised Stores, and other 
equipment to conform to the then-current standards and specifications of new Gong cha® stores as 
prescribed in the Manuals then being established in the System, and shall complete the upgrading and other 
requirements within the time specified by Franchisor;
