28 
US Unit FDD (03/2025 as amended 02/2026)  
accommodate such initiatives within 30 days’ notice from us.  Any costs incurred by you to comply 
with these initiatives will be your sole responsibility. 
Except as described above in this Item 8, you are not required to purchase or lease any other 
products or services for the operation of your Store from us or our affiliates, or any other Approved 
Suppliers or Designated Suppliers. 
We and our affiliates have the right to receive fees, payments, rebates, commissions or other 
consideration from third-party manufacturers, suppliers and/or distributors based on purchases or 
leases of products or services by franchisees, which may or may not be reasonably related to 
services we or our affiliates provide to these third parties.  We and our affiliates will retain and use 
any fees, payments, rebates, commissions or other considerations as we deem appropriate or as 
required by a particular manufacturer, supplier or distributor.   
We and our affiliates will derive revenue as a result of our system-wide supply chain program, or 
as a result of purchases or leases of products and services described in this Item 8 by franchisees, 
including unit and multi-unit franchisees.  During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, our 
revenue from required purchases and leases of products and services by Unit franchisees in the 
United States was $1.292 million, or 12.74% of total revenue of $10.144 million according to our 
audited financial statements.  During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, we received no 
revenue from required purchases and leases of products and services by Gong cha® master 
franchisees in the United States.  Our affiliate, GCPS, had revenues of approximately $8.68 million 
from required purchases and leases of products and services to master franchisees in the United 
States in 2024.   
There is no purchasing or distribution cooperative.  We do not provide material benefits to you 
because of your use of designated or approved suppliers.  We may negotiate prices for products or 
services for the benefit of the Gong cha® system generally, but not on behalf of individual 
franchisees in the United States.  We and our affiliates shall continue to review supply chain 
sourcing strategies to mitigate risk, optimize efficiency and maintain competitive pricing.  We do 
not provide material benefits to you because of your use of particular products, services, or 
suppliers. 
You can expect items purchased from designated or approved suppliers will represent 
approximately 90% to 100% of total purchases you will make to begin operation of your Store, 
and approximately 85% to 95% of the ongoing costs to operate your Store.  As we source raw 
materials for our Products from around the world, we and our affiliates shall endeavor to manage 
our supply chain to control and maintain prices when there is short term price volatility, and only 
introduce raw material price increases upon 90 days’ prior written notice to you.  
There are no suppliers in which one or more of our officers owns an interest. 
