50 
18.4
Exception for Ownership in Public Entities. Sections 18.2.2 and 18.3 shall not apply to 
ownership by Franchisee of a less than five percent (5%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity 
securities of any publicly listed corporation. 
18.5
Personal Covenants. Franchisee shall obtain and furnish to Franchisor executed covenants 
similar in substance to those set forth in this Section 18 (including covenants applicable upon the 
termination of a person’s relationship with Franchisee) and the provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this 
Agreement (as modified to apply to an individual) from all managers and other personnel employed by 
Franchisee who have received or will receive training and/or other confidential information. Every covenant 
required by this Section 18.5 shall be in a form approved by Franchisor, including specific identification of 
Franchisor as a third-party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent right to enforce them, the 
current form of which is attached as Exhibit E. 
18.6
Covenants as Independent Clauses. The parties agree that each of the foregoing 
covenants shall be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or 
any portion of a covenant in this Section 18 is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency 
having valid jurisdiction in an unappealed final decision to which Franchisor is a party, Franchisee expressly 
agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the 
maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a part of 
this Section 18. 
18.7
Franchisor’s Right to Reduce Scope of the Covenants. Franchisee understands and 
acknowledges that Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant 
set forth in this Section 18, or any portion thereof, without Franchisee’s consent, effective immediately 
upon receipt by Franchisee of written notice thereof; and Franchisee agrees that it shall comply forthwith 
with any covenant as so modified, which shall be fully enforceable notwithstanding the provisions of 
Section 25 hereof. 
18.8
Covenants Survive Claims. Franchisee expressly agrees that the existence of any claims 
it may have against Franchisor or its affiliates, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall not 
constitute a defence to the enforcement by Franchisor of the covenants in this Section 18; provided, 
however, any claims Franchisee may have against Franchisor or its affiliates may be brought in a separate 
proceeding. Franchisee agrees to pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred 
by Franchisor in connection with the enforcement of this Section 18. 
18.9
Injunctive Relief. Franchisee acknowledges that the foregoing restrictions are reasonable, 
are not vague or indefinite, and are designed to protect the legitimate business interests of Franchisor and 
its affiliates, and the System, and that in the event of a breach of covenants contained in this Section 18, the 
damage to Franchisor and/or its affiliates would be difficult to ascertain and, in addition to other rights and 
remedies, Franchisor and/or its affiliates shall be entitled to seek injunctive and/or other equitable relief 
against the violation of any said covenants, together with reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. 
18.10
Non-Dealing. In order to protect the legitimate business interests of Franchisor and its 
affiliates, Franchisee covenants with Franchisor that it shall not either directly or indirectly, in any capacity 
(whether for itself, as a member, shareholder, director, employee, agent, partner, joint venture participant, 
master franchisor, franchisee, adviser, consultant, or any other equivalent capacity, or through, on behalf 
of, or in conjunction with any person or legal entity) engage suppliers of Franchisor or its affiliates for the 
direct supply of Products, except as required under this Agreement. 
19.
CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, OR PARTNERSHIP
19.1
List of Principals. If Franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company, or partnership, 
or other entity, each Principal of Franchisee, and the ownership interest of each Principal in Franchisee, 
shall be identified in Exhibit B hereto. Franchisee shall maintain a list of all Principals and immediately 
