16
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
(3) the validity of this Agreement, any Franchise Agreement or any other agreement between 
Developer and Franchisor; or
(4) any System standard;
must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party, to the American Arbitration 
Association.  The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one arbitrator and, except as this Section 12 
otherwise provides, according to the American Arbitration Association’s then current rules.  All proceedings 
will be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the arbitrator, which is within a five (5) mile radius of 
Franchisor’s then-current principal place of business.  The arbitrator shall have no authority to select a 
different hearing locale.  Judgment upon the arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
12.2.1. The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her award any relief which 
he or she deems proper, including money damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from the date due), 
specific performance, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ fees and costs (as allowable under this Agreement or 
applicable law), provided that the arbitrator may not declare any Proprietary Mark generic or otherwise 
invalid. 
12.2.2. The parties agree to be bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period of 
time in which claims must be brought under applicable law or this Agreement, whichever expires earlier. 
12.2.3. The parties agree that arbitration will be conducted on an individual, not a class-
wide, basis and that an arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and Franchisor’s affiliates, and 
Franchisor’s and its affiliates’ respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and/or employees, and 
Developer (and/or Developer’s owners, guarantors, affiliates, and/or employees) may not be consolidated 
with any other arbitration proceeding between Franchisor and any other person. 
12.2.4. Despite the parties’ agreement to arbitrate, the parties each have the right to seek 
interim injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that the parties must 
contemporaneously submit the applicable dispute for arbitration on the merits as provided in this 
Section 12.2. 
12.2.5. The provisions of this Section 12.2 are intended to benefit and bind certain third 
party non-signatories and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this 
Agreement’s expiration or termination. 
12.3.
Injunctive Relief.  Nothing herein contained shall bar Franchisor’s right to obtain 
injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it loss or damages, including violations of the 
terms of Sections 5, 6, and 7 under applicable laws, including applicable laws for obtaining interim 
injunctions. 
12.4.
Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event Franchisor is required to employ legal counsel or to incur 
other expense to enforce any of Developer’s obligations hereunder, or to defend against any claim, demand, 
action or proceeding by reason of Developer’s failure to perform any obligation imposed upon Developer 
by this Agreement, Franchisor shall be entitled to recover from Developer the amount of all reasonable 
attorneys’ fees of such counsel and all other expenses incurred in enforcing such obligation or in defending 
against such claim, demand, action, or proceeding, whether incurred prior to or in preparation for or 
contemplation of the filing of such action or thereafter. 
