3
Gong cha – 2025 Unit Area Development Agreement
1.10.
“Non-Traditional Sites” means outlets that serve primarily the customers located within 
a facility, such as captive audience facilities (examples include parks charging admission, sports arenas, 
stadiums, theme and amusement parks and centers, casinos, theaters and art centers), limited purpose 
facilities (examples include airports, transportation terminals, department stores, in-door shopping centers, 
office buildings, business and industrial complexes – including corporate cafeterias, hotels, museums, 
health clubs, educational facilities – including schools, college and university campuses, hospitals, art 
centers, and recreational parks), limited access facilities (examples include military complexes, buyer club 
businesses, convention centers, business and industrial complexes), and other types of institutional 
accounts. 
1.11.
“Proprietary Marks” means the certain indica of origin, emblems, trade names, service 
marks, logos, and trademarks, including applications and/or registrations therefor, as are now designated 
and may hereafter by designated by Franchisor or GCG in writing for use in connections with the System, 
including the mark “Gong cha” and any other marks. 
1.12.
“Proprietary Products” means the tea, coffee and juice, along with related products and 
services, as well as proprietary recipes, formulas, and techniques, designated from time to time. 
1.13.
“Products” means, collectively, the Proprietary Products, as well as any other non-
proprietary food, beverage, and other compatible items designated from time to time. 
1.14.
“Principal” means any individual who owns a beneficial interest in Developer, if 
Developer is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity. 
1.15.
“System” means Franchisor’s proprietary system relating to the establishment and 
operation of stores, which operate at retail locations that display proprietary interior and exterior trade dress 
and feature and operate under the Proprietary Marks and offer and selling Products, including Proprietary 
Products. 
1.16.
“Transfer” means any transfer, pledge or encumbrance of (i) the rights and/or obligations 
of Developer under this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement, (ii) any material asset of Developer or any 
Franchised Store, or (iii) any ownership interest of a Principal in Developer. 
2.
DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
2.1.
Term of Agreement.  Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, this Agreement is 
for a term commencing on the Effective Date stated on the cover page, and expiring on 
, 20____ (the “Term”).  
2.2.
Developer’s Territorial Rights.  Except as described in this Agreement, if Developer: (i) 
is in full compliance with the conditions contained in this Agreement, including the satisfaction of all 
development obligations as stated in the Development Schedule; and (ii) is in full compliance with all 
obligations under each Franchise Agreement entered into between Franchisor and Developer for each 
individual Franchised Store; then, during the Term of this Agreement, Franchisor will: (a) grant franchises 
to Developer to own and operate Franchised Stores located within the Development Area (under a separate 
Franchise Agreement for each Franchised Store); and (b) not operate (directly or through an affiliate), or 
grant a franchise to a third party to operate, any Gong cha® store within the Development Area, except 
franchises granted to Developer.  If Developer fails to comply with the Development Schedule, Franchisor 
may terminate this Agreement under Section 8. 
