16 
Franchisee shall install; (b) updates, supplements, modifications, or enhancements to the Required 
Software, which Franchisee shall install; (c) the tangible media upon which such Franchisee shall record 
data; and (d) the database file structure of Franchisee’s Point-of-Sale System. 
7.1.3
Franchisee shall record all sales on computer-based point of sale systems 
approved by Franchisor or on such other types of cash registers, including ordering kiosks, as may be 
designated by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing (“Cash Register Systems”), which shall 
be deemed part of Franchisee’s Point-of-Sale System. Franchisee shall make, from time to time, such 
upgrades and other changes to the Point-of-Sale System and Required Software as Franchisor may request 
in writing (collectively, “Point-of-Sale Upgrades”). 
7.1.4
Franchisor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge Franchisee for any 
service, system or platform Franchisor provides or requires in connection with the Point-of-Sale System 
and the Required Software. Any such charges are subject to change in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
7.1.5
Franchisee shall comply with all specifications issued by Franchisor with respect 
to the Point-of-Sale System and the Required Software, and with respect to Point-of-Sale Upgrades. 
Franchisee shall also afford Franchisor unimpeded access to Franchisee’s Point-of-Sale System and 
Required Software as Franchisor may request, in the manner, form, and at the times requested by 
Franchisor. 
7.1.6
Franchisor reserves the right to access the Cash Register Systems at such times 
or frequency as Franchisor desires, without notice to Franchisee.  Franchisor shall have the right to 
integrate with Franchisee’s Cash Register Systems to access information and reports in real time, and 
Franchisee shall execute all documents and do all things requested by Franchisor to enable and facilitate 
such integration.   
7.2
Data. Franchisor may, from time-to-time, specify in the Manuals or otherwise in writing 
the information that Franchisee shall collect and maintain on the Point-of-Sale System installed at the 
Franchised Store, and Franchisee shall provide to Franchisor such reports as Franchisor may reasonably 
request from the data so collected and maintained. All data pertaining to the Franchised Store, and all  data 
created or collected by Franchisee in connection with the System, or in connection with Franchisee’s 
operation of the business (including data pertaining to or otherwise concerning the Franchised Store’s 
customers) or otherwise provided by Franchisee (including data uploaded to, or downloaded from 
Franchisee’s Point-of-Sale System) is and will be owned exclusively by Franchisor, and Franchisor will 
have the right to use such data in any manner that they deem appropriate without compensation to 
Franchisee. Copies and/or originals of such data must be provided to Franchisor upon Franchisor’s request. 
Franchisor hereby licenses use of such data back to Franchisee for the term of this Agreement, at no 
additional cost, solely for Franchisee’s use in connection with the business franchised under this Agreement. 
7.3
Privacy and Personal Data Protection. Franchisee shall comply with the provisions of 
Exhibit H and its Appendices, the terms of which are (for the avoidance of doubt) hereby incorporated into 
this Agreement.  
7.4
Telecommunications. Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s requirements (as set 
forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) with respect to establishing and maintaining 
telecommunications connections between Franchisee’s Point-of-Sale System and Franchisor’s Intranet (as 
defined below), if any, and/or such other computer systems as Franchisor may reasonably require. 
7.5
Intranet. Franchisor may establish a website providing private and secure communications 
between Franchisor, Franchisee, franchisees, licensees and other persons and entities as determined by 
Franchisor, in its sole discretion (an “Intranet”). Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s requirements 
(as set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) with respect to connecting to the Intranet, and utilizing 
the Intranet in connection with the operation of the Franchised Store. The Intranet may include the Manuals, 
