14 
(defined in Section 8.3.1)) and, if applicable, the General Manager and up to one (1) additional person as 
Franchisor may require (not to exceed a total of three (3) persons), in Franchisor’s sole discretion, shall 
attend and successfully complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, the initial training program offered by 
Franchisor at a location designated by Franchisor, unless this Agreement is for the fourth or subsequent 
Gong Cha Store being developed pursuant to an Area Development Agreement between Franchisor and 
Franchisee (or an affiliate of Franchisee), in which event the requirements set forth in Section 6.1.2 shall 
apply with respect to the pre-opening training of Franchisee, the Designated Principal and any General 
Manager.  The duration of the initial training will be approximately two (2) to three (3) weeks, depending 
on the function of the individual attending such training, and is subject to change. During the initial 
training, Franchisee shall receive instruction, training and education in the operation of the Franchised 
Store and the System. The duration and content of the initial training is subject to change in Franchisor’s 
sole discretion. Franchisee will not be required to pay Franchisor a separate training fee for Franchisee’s 
initial required attendees who attend the initial training program. If any of these initial required attendees 
do not successfully complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, such training, however, Franchisor may require 
that Franchisee send a replacement person to attend and successfully complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, 
the initial training program, and pay to Franchisor its then-current training fee for that attendee. Except as 
otherwise described in this Section 6, Franchisor may require Franchisee to pay to Franchisor its then-
current training fee for any addition training, including the initial training program, it provides to 
Franchisee’s attendees. 
6.1.2
If this Agreement is for the fourth (4th) or subsequent Gong Cha Store being 
developed pursuant to an Area Development Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee (or an affiliate 
of Franchisee), then Franchisee shall be responsible for conducting the initial training of its Designated 
Principal, its General Manager (if applicable), and any other managerial personnel, in accordance with the 
requirements and conditions as Franchisor may from time to time establish for such training. Franchisor’s 
requirements for initial training by Franchisee shall be set forth in the Manuals or other written materials 
and shall include the requirement that all such training activities be conducted: (a) by the Designated 
Principal(s) or personnel of Franchisee (or an affiliate of Franchisee) who have completed Franchisor’s 
initial training program to the satisfaction of Franchisor, and who remain acceptable to Franchisor to 
provide initial training; and (b) following the procedures and conditions established by Franchisor. If 
Franchisor determines that the training provided by Franchisee does not satisfy Franchisor’s standards and 
requirements, or that any newly trained individual is not trained to Franchisor’s standards, then Franchisor 
may require that such newly trained individual(s) attend and successfully complete, to Franchisor’s 
satisfaction, an initial training program provided by Franchisor prior to the opening of the Franchised 
Store. 
6.1.3
Franchisee must satisfy all pre-opening training requirements under this 
Section 6.1 by no later than thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled opening of the Franchised Store. 
6.2
New or Replacement Designated Principal and General Managers. In the event that 
Franchisee’s Designated Principal or (if required pursuant to Section 8.3.2) General Manager ceases active 
employment in the Franchised Store, Franchisee shall enroll a qualified replacement who is reasonably 
acceptable to Franchisor in Franchisor’s initial training program reasonably promptly following cessation 
of employment of said individual. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay to Franchisor 
its then-current training fee for any such training. In the alternative, with respect to training a replacement 
General Manager, Franchisee may train such replacement(s) in accordance with Section 6.3. The 
replacement Designated Principal and/or any required managers shall complete the initial training program 
as soon as is practicable and in no event later than any time periods as Franchisor may specify from time to 
time in the Manuals and otherwise in writing. Franchisor reserves the right to review any Franchisee trained 
personnel and require that such persons attend and successfully complete, to the satisfaction of Franchisor, 
the initial training program offered by Franchisor at a location designated by Franchisor.  In such case, 
Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay to Franchisor its then-current training fee for such 
training. 
