Gong cha – 2025 Unit Franchise Agreement
H-11 
disabled or removed from device and have required assignment of access that enforces separation of 
duties.  
8.4
User Access  
Franchisee shall ensure user access to systems is appropriate and in-line with current job function or 
role, and such access is not excessive and is restricted solely to what is needed to perform their job 
function or job responsibility. User access shall be reviewed at least annually or as users change job 
functions. 
9.
Network And Firewall Security 
Franchisee shall implement controls and procedures to secure and monitor networks and systems that 
provide connectivity and process business and restaurant data.  
Network access controls are present at any boundary between a trusted network and or any untrusted 
or public network. All external (internet) facing applications must be protected following the three-
zone network layer architecture. Internet Zone to DMZ Zone to Trust Zone.  
Network access controls are implemented to detect, prevent and alert on unauthorized devices 
connected to the network. Scans for unauthorized network devices must be performed continuously.  
Unauthorized devices found are disabled immediately and prevented from connecting to the network. 
If an unauthorized intrusion has been identified, Franchisee shall take reasonable measures to mitigate 
such issue and or shut down access or connectivity until proof of the intrusion or incident has been 
mitigated.  
10.
Cryptographic Controls  
Franchisee shall encrypt Confidential Information and Personal Information in-transit and at rest, 
including communications from external web services to internal Franchisee systems. Transmission 
of data between a device and wireless access point, open or public networks, as well as virtual private 
networks shall be encrypted. Only trusted keys and/or digital certificates to store, process and/or 
transmit data shall be used. Encryption methods and technologies utilized shall be limited to industry 
accepted encryption methods. The use of proprietary encryption algorithms is prohibited.  
11.
Endpoint Protection  
Franchisee shall ensure that industry accepted anti-malware software is utilized and continuously 
active on all business-critical systems, such as restaurant level devices. Franchisee shall ensure anti-
malware software is kept up to date with releases provided by the software vendor. Franchisee shall 
ensure anti-malware software settings cannot be disabled or modified.  
12.
System Event Logging And Monitoring  
12.1 Event Logging For business-critical systems, including, but not limited to systems and platforms 
supporting ecommerce or network capabilities, Franchisee shall implement effective audit logging and 
monitoring processes covering user access and system events and log collection.  
12.2 Log Review and Retention System administrators shall be alerted to all suspected unauthorized 
