 
 
 
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, 
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Indiana: 
1. 
The Franchise Agreement will be governed by Indiana law, rather than New York law, as 
stated in Section 30.03 of the Franchise Agreement (“Governing Law”). 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the franchise 
without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined therein as a material breach 
of the franchise agreement, shall supersede the provisions of Article 17 of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Default and Termination”) in the State of Indiana to the extent they may be 
inconsistent with such prohibition. 
3. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement shall relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning 
franchising of the State of Indiana. 
4. 
Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement ("Enforcement of Covenants Not to Compete") 
and Article VIII of the Software License Agreement ("Injunction") shall not apply to 
franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
5. 
Section 21.03 of the Franchise Agreement ("Our Withholding of Consent – Your Exclusive 
Remedy") shall not apply to franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
6. 
Section 16.01 of the Software License Agreement (“Governing Law”) shall not relieve the 
Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws 
concerning franchising of the State of Indiana, and the laws of the State of Indiana 
supersede such provision or New York law if such provision is in conflict with Indiana law. 
7. 
The third sentence of Article 14 of the Software License Agreement ("Limitation of Liability") 
shall not apply to franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
8. 
Section 30.05(B) of the Franchise Agreement (“Waiver of Jury Trail and Punitive 
Damages”) is deleted from all Franchise Agreements used in the State of Indiana. 
9. 
Notwithstanding the terms of Section 8.10 of the Franchise Agreement (“Indemnification”), 
Franchisee will not be required to indemnify Franchisor and the other Indemnitees for any 
liability caused by Franchisee’s proper reliance on or use of procedures or materials 
provided by Franchisor or caused by Franchisor’s negligence. 
10. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
