 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024 
 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Uncertain tax positions (continued) 
 
The Company's members will file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state 
jurisdictions. 
 
Revenue and cost recognition 
 
The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers. The Company expects that it will derive substantially all its revenue from franchise agreements 
related to franchise revenue, advertising fund revenue, royalties and transfer fees. As of the date of the 
financial statements a franchise agreement has been signed for franchises in the United Kingdom and Las 
Vegas, Nevada. See footnote 6. 
 
Franchise fees and royalties 
Contract consideration from franchisees is expected to consist primarily of initial or renewal franchise fees, 
multi-unit agreement fees ("MUAs"), sales-based royalties, sales- based marketing fund fees and transfer 
fees payable by a franchisee for the transfer of their franchise unit to another franchisee. The Company 
expects to also enter into MUAs which grant a franchisee the right to develop two or more franchise 
territories. The Company intends to collect an up-front fee for the grant of such rights. The initial franchise 
fees and up-front multi-unit fees are nonrefundable and collectable when the underlying franchise 
agreement or MUA is signed by the franchisee. Sales-based royalties and marketing fund fees will be 
payable on a weekly basis. Renewal and transfer fees are due from franchisees when an existing franchisee 
renews the franchise agreement for an additional term or when a transfer to a third party occurs, respectively. 
 
The Company's primary performance obligation under the franchise agreement mainly includes granting 
certain rights to access the Company's intellectual property and a variety of activities relating to opening a 
franchise unit, including initial training and other such activities commonly referred to collectively as "pre-
opening activities." Pre-opening activities consistent with those under Accounting Standards Update 
("ASU") No. 2021-02, Franchisors—Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 952-606) ("ASU 
2021-02"), are recognized as a single performance obligation. The Company expects that certain pre-
opening activities provided to the franchisee will not be brand specific and will provide the franchisee with 
relevant general business information that is separate and distinct from the operation of a company-branded 
franchise unit. The portion of pre-opening activities that will be provided that is not brand specific is 
expected to be distinct as it will provide a benefit to the franchisee and is expected not to be highly 
interrelated or interdependent to the access of the Company’s intellectual property, and therefore will be 
accounted for as a separate distinct performance obligation. All other pre-opening activities are expected to 
be highly interrelated and interdependent to the access of the Company’s intellectual property and therefore 
will be accounted for as a single performance obligation, which is satisfied by granting certain rights to 
access the Company's intellectual property over the term of each franchise agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 
 
