 
 
- 26 - 
and debit cards).  Such alternative modes of payment may include, by way of examples only, 
“smart phone” payment transactions and automated “smart phone” (or other) customer purchase 
tracking / payment transactions. 
You must at all times undertake all reasonable measures to anticipate, detect and prevent 
fraudulent credit or debit transactions. 
8.15 
Compliance with Security Protocols 
You agree to assure all communication connections (of whatever form, wireless, cable, internet, 
broadband or other) and access to financial information, especially credit card information, is at all 
times kept secure in a manner which is in compliance with all legal requirements and, particularly, 
with all security requirements of the issuing credit card companies. You further agree to hold us 
and the other Franchisor Parties (as defined in Section 8.10) harmless from any and all claims and 
liabilities related to your failure to do so. In addition, at your cost, you agree to provide us with a 
written report of verification from a specialist approved by us confirming compliance with the 
obligations imposed by this Section 8.15 and any other proof of such compliance that we may 
reasonably require. 
8.16 
Hours of Operation 
You agree to continuously operate your franchised Restaurant on the days and during the 
minimum hours that we from time to time may specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise.  You 
may establish hours of operation in addition to the required minimum hours, subject to applicable 
laws, rules or regulations. 
8.17 
Business Entity Requirements and Records 
If you are a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership or any other type of business 
entity, you must comply with the following requirements (which will also apply to any assignee of 
this Agreement which is a business entity): 
A. 
Furnish us with all of your formation, organizational and governing documents; a 
schedule of all current owners (indicating as to each its percentage ownership 
interest) in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit I; any shareholder, partnership, 
membership, buy/sell or equivalent agreements and documents; and, a list of all of 
your officers, directors and managers (as applicable). 
B. 
Unless we otherwise consent in writing, your business entity’s formation and 
governing documents must provide that its activities will be confined exclusively to 
the operation of the franchised Business. 
C. 
You must promptly notify us in writing of any change in any of the information 
specified, or in any document referred to, herein. 
D. 
All of your business entity’s organizational documents (including any partnership, 
partnership 
agreements, 
 
incorporation 
documents, 
organization/formation 
documents, bylaws, operating agreements, shareholders agreements, buy/sell or 
equivalent agreements, and trust instruments) will recite that the issuance or 
transfer of any Interest in you is restricted by the terms of this Agreement, and that 
the sole purpose for which you are formed (and the sole activity in which you are or 
will be engaged) is the conduct of a franchised Business pursuant to one or more 
franchise agreements from us and that your activities will be exclusively confined to 
such purpose. Your organizational documents will also include a “Supremacy of 
Franchise Agreement” clause reciting the following: “To the extent any provision of 
this Agreement conflicts, violates or is inconsistent with any provision of the Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant Franchise Agreement, the parties hereto agree that the 
provisions of such Restaurant Franchise Agreement shall supersede the same and 
that the parties hereto shall enter into such amendments to this agreement as are 
necessary in order to make the relevant provisions consistent with or non-violative 
of the provisions of the Ivan Ramen Restaurant Franchise Agreement.” 
