 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 
 
Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC (the "Company") was formed on July 12, 2021, as a Delaware limited 
liability company to sell franchises pursuant to a non-exclusive license agreement executed in August 2021, 
between the Company and Ivan Ramen IP Holdings, LLC (the "Licensor"), an entity related to the Company 
by common ownership and control. Pursuant to the Company's standard franchise agreement, franchisees 
will operate a business under the "Ivan Ramen" name and system that will offer casual dining restaurants 
specializing in the sale of ramen dishes as American Izakaya style dining. The Company has not had 
significant operations through March 27, 2023, the date on which the financial statement was available to 
be issued, and has not executed any franchise agreements as of that date. The Company's members are not 
liable for the debts, obligations or other liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or 
otherwise, solely by reason of being a member. 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
Basis of presentation 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash equivalents may include time deposits, certificates of 
deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. 
 
Use of estimates 
The preparation of a balance sheet in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of 
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet. Actual 
results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Income taxes 
  The Company is organized as a limited liability company and operates as a partnership. The partnership is 
not subject to income tax; rather, any income or loss generated by the Company is taxed directly to its 
partners. The Company’s tax returns are filed in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. 
Furthermore, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022.  Tax 
returns for the year 2021 and after are open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 
Uncertain tax positions 
The Company recognizes and measures its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance  with Financial 
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740, Income Taxes. Under that 
guidance, management assesses the likelihood that tax positions will be sustained upon examination based 
on the facts, circumstances and information, including the technical merits of those positions, available at 
the end of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new information is 
available or when an event occurs that requires a change. There were no uncertain tax positions at December 
31, 2022. 
 
The Company's members will file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state 
jurisdictions. 
Page 7 
