 
 
- 32 - 
B. 
We will direct all advertising programs, with sole control over the creative concepts, 
materials and media used in such programs, and the placement and allocation of Fund advertising. 
You acknowledge that the Fund is intended to further general public recognition and acceptance of 
the Proprietary Marks for the benefit of the System. You further acknowledge that we and our 
designees undertake no obligation in administering the Fund to make expenditures for you which 
are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions, to ensure that any particular franchisee 
benefits directly or pro rata from the placement of advertising or to ensure that any advertising 
impacts or penetrates your Territory. The Fund is not a trust and we are not a fiduciary with respect 
to the Fund. 
C. 
The Fund may be used to meet any and all costs of administering, directing, 
preparing, placing and paying for national, regional or local advertising, including (without 
limitation): worldwide web/internet/social media advertising, television, radio, magazine, and/or 
newspaper campaigns; other advertising, marketing and public relations materials; point-of-
purchase materials; consumer research, interviews and related activities; the creation, 
maintenance and periodic modification of the Ivan Ramen website; advertising at sports events; 
mailers, door hangers, freestanding inserts/coupons, brochures and sponsorships; mystery 
shoppers (both for the System and for competitive networks or units); celebrity endorsements; 
reviewing any advertising material you propose to use (as provided below); search engine 
optimization; establishing a third party facility for customizing local advertising materials; 
accounting for System Brand Fund receipts and expenditures; attendance at industry related 
conventions, shows or seminars; other activities that we in our business judgment believe are 
appropriate to enhance, promote and/or protect the System or any component thereof; and, 
engaging advertising agencies to assist in any or all of the foregoing activities, including fees to 
have print, broadcast and/or internet advertising placed by an agency, and all other advertising 
agency fees. 
D. 
We need not maintain the sums paid by franchisees to the System Brand Fund, or 
income earned from the Fund, in a separate account from our other funds, but we may not use 
these amounts under any circumstance for any purposes other than those provided for in this 
Agreement. We may, however, expend monies from the System Brand Fund for any reasonable 
administrative costs and overhead that we may incur in activities reasonably related to the 
administration or direction of the Fund and advertising programs for franchisees including, without 
limitation, preparing marketing and advertising materials; working with advertising agencies, 
advertising placement services and creative talent; preparing an accounting of contributions to the 
System Brand Fund and the annual statement of Fund contributions and expenditures provided for 
below; and, otherwise devoting our personnel, resources and/or funds for the benefit of the System 
Brand Fund. Our right to expend monies from the System Brand Fund to reimburse us for such 
activities is exclusive of any advertising agency fees which the Fund must expend to secure the 
services of an advertising agency or to have internet/social media, print, and/or broadcast 
advertising placed by an agency.  
E. 
Within sixty (60) days following the close of our fiscal year, we will prepare (but not 
audit) a statement detailing System Brand Fund income and expenses for the fiscal year just 
ended, a copy of which statement will be sent to you upon request. 
F. 
We expect to expend most contributions to the Fund for advertising during the fiscal 
year when the contributions are made. If not all advertising funds are spent in the fiscal year in 
which they accrue, we will use the remaining amount in the future for the benefit of the franchisees 
and the System.  If franchisees request, we will provide them with an annual accounting of how 
advertising funds are spent, as stated in paragraph “E” immediately above.  
G. 
We reserve the right to use any media, create any programs and allocate 
advertising funds to any regions or localities in any manner we consider appropriate in our 
business judgment. The allocation may include rebates to individual franchisees of some or all of 
their System Brand Fund contributions for local advertising expenditures if, in our judgment, our 
