 
 
- 29 - 
8.25 
Complaints; Claims; Safety; Health and Other Violations 
You must process and handle all consumer complaints connected with or relating to the 
Restaurant, and shall, within twenty-four (24) hours, notify us by telephone and in writing of all of 
the following complaints:  (i) food related illnesses, (ii) safety or health violations,    (iii) claims 
exceeding One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00), and (iv) any other material claims against or losses 
suffered by you. 
 
8.26 
Coupons, Certificates and Vouchers 
You must participate in, and comply with the requirements of, any gift card, gift certificate, 
customer loyalty or retention program that we (or our affiliates) implement, at your expense, for all 
or part of our franchise system and shall sign the forms and take the other action that we require in 
order for you to participate in such programs. Without limitation, you shall honor coupons, gift 
cards, gift certificates, or vouchers sold or distributed by other Restaurants and will utilize a vendor 
approved by us for gift card processing. You may not offer any coupon without our prior written 
approval. 
9. INSURANCE 
9.01 
Your Required Insurance Coverage 
A. 
Within ten days following our execution of this Agreement, and thereafter at all times 
throughout the Term of this Agreement, you agree to purchase at your own expense, and maintain 
in effect at all times, the following categories of insurance coverage in forms and through insurance 
companies satisfactory to us.  You understand and agree that your Lease may require other or 
greater insurance coverages than those stated in this Section.  Such insurance coverage must 
extend to and embrace your franchised Business; your franchised Restaurant; all activities 
conducted in, at or from your Business and Restaurant; all facilities which may be situated upon 
your Business’s and Restaurant’s premises; and, all activities arising from or related to the 
construction, operation or occupancy of your Restaurant and any other facilities situated on your 
Restaurant’s premises.  Your required coverages, policy limits, limitations on deductibles and 
limitations on self-insured retentions are prescribed by us in our Brand Standards or otherwise in 
writing and, as noted below, are subject to change: 
1. 
Broad form comprehensive general liability coverage of at least $1,000,000 
aggregate and at least $500,000 per occurrence, such insurance to embrace 
(without limitation) claims for personal injury, bodily injury, and property 
damage. This insurance may not have a deductible or self-insured retention 
of over $5,000. 
2. 
Fire and extended coverage insurance on your Restaurant and property in 
an amount adequate to replace them in case of an insured loss. 
3. 
Business interruption insurance in sufficient amounts to cover your 
Restaurant rental expenses, maintenance of competent personnel and other 
fixed expenses for a minimum of 120 days. 
4. 
If any vehicle is operated in connection with the Business, automobile liability 
insurance (including coverage for all owned, non-owned, leased or hired 
vehicles) with minimum limits of liability in the greater of (a) the greatest 
amount required by any applicable federal, state or local law, or 
(b) $1,000,000 for each person killed or injured and, subject to that limit for 
each person, a total minimum of $2,000,000, along with a minimum limit of 
$3,000,000 for injury, destruction or loss of use of property of third persons 
as a result of any one accident. 
5. 
Workers’ compensation, employer’s liability and any other employee 
insurance required by any applicable federal, state or local law, rule or 
