 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue and cost recognition (continued) 
 
Franchise fees and royalties (continued) 
 
The Company estimates the stand-alone selling price of pre-opening activities using an adjusted market 
assessment approach. The Company will first allocate the initial franchise fees and the fixed consideration, 
under the franchise agreement to the stand- alone selling price of the training services that are not brand 
specific and the residual, if any, to the right to access the Company’s intellectual property. Consideration 
allocated to pre-opening activities, other than those included under ASU 2021-02, which are not brand 
specific are recognized ratably as those services are rendered. Consideration allocated to pre-opening 
activities included under ASU 2021-02 is recognized when the related services have been rendered. 
 
Initial and renewal franchise fees allocated to the right to access the Company’s intellectual property will 
be recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective franchise agreement. MUAs 
generally consist of an obligation to grant the right to open two or more territories. These development 
rights are not distinct from franchise agreements; therefore, up-front fees paid by franchisees for 
development rights will be deferred and apportioned to each franchise agreement signed by the franchisee. 
The pro-rata amount apportioned to each franchise agreement will be recognized as revenue in the same 
manner as the initial and renewal franchise fees. Initial and renewal franchise fees related to the MUAs will 
be recorded as contract liabilities at their contract transaction price. 
 
Royalties will be earned based on a percentage of franchisee gross sales ("sales-based royalties). Franchise 
royalties represent sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the use of the Company’s intellectual 
property and are recognized as franchisee sales occur and the royalty is deemed collectible. 
 
System brand fund 
 
The Company reserves the right to establish a marketing fund to collect and administer funds contributed 
for use in advertising and promotional programs for franchise units. Franchisees will be charged 1.5% of 
their monthly gross sales by the system brand fund in accordance with the Company's standard franchise 
agreement. As of March 27, 2023, the Company has not yet established a marketing fund. The Company 
has determined that it acts as a principal in the collection and administration of the marketing fund and 
therefore recognizes the revenues and expenses related to the marketing fund on a gross basis. The 
Company has determined that the right to access its intellectual property and administration of the 
marketing fund are highly interrelated and therefore are accounted for as a single performance obligation. 
As a result, revenues from the marketing fund represent the right to access the Company’s intellectual 
property, which will be recognized as monthly franchisee sales occur. When marketing fund fees exceed 
the related marketing fund expenses in a reporting period, advertising costs will be accrued up to the amount 
of marketing fund revenues recognized. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 
 
