 
 
- 8 - 
It is of the essence of this Agreement that you select a Location, identify it to us, obtain our 
advance written approval and agreement to that Location, and sign a lease approved by us (or 
provide proof of ownership) for your Location, all within two (2) months following the date of our 
execution of this Agreement. If you intend to own the Location, then you agree to furnish to us 
proof of ownership or an executed contract of sale within thirty (30) days following our approval of 
the Location. If you do not secure a Location within the time limits and following the procedures 
specified in this Section 6.01, then this failure will be a material and incurable breach of this 
Agreement which, unless we waive the breach, will entitle us to terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon notice to you, with no opportunity to cure. If we terminate the Agreement for this 
reason, then all funds you paid us will be considered earned by us.  
You understand that any advice or suggestions we furnish regarding site selection and our 
proposal, inspection and/or approval of any proposed site for your Location will not constitute, and 
will not be deemed to constitute, our express or implied representation, warranty, guarantee or any 
other indication of the prospective profitability, viability or merit of the Location. 
6.02 
Location Lease 
If you will be leasing the Location, then promptly following our written approval of your proposed 
Location site, you agree to obtain a lease or sublease for the Location which, unless we otherwise 
approve the lease in advance, must be accompanied by a rider incorporating the requirements 
specified in Exhibit C to this Agreement. You agree to deliver to us a copy of any proposed lease 
or sublease and any related documents (collectively, the “Lease”) before you execute the Lease. 
Any Lease will be subject to our advance written approval, which we will not unreasonably withhold 
or delay, provided, however, that we expressly reserve the right to disapprove any Lease not 
accompanied by a rider embracing all of the provisions of Exhibit C and whose term is not at least 
as long as the Initial Term of this Agreement. If we do not communicate our approval or 
disapproval of a proposed Lease to you within twenty business days following our receipt of the 
proposed Lease, and if the Lease is accompanied by a rider containing the required provisions of 
Exhibit C, then the Lease will be considered approved. 
You may not, in any Lease, create any obligations or grant any rights against us or our affiliates or 
agree to any term, condition or covenant which is inconsistent with this Agreement or any related 
agreement.  You also acknowledge and agree that you are bound by the terms, conditions, 
covenants and obligations of the Lease and that your failure to comply with the Lease will 
constitute a material breach of this Agreement.  You may not assign, transfer or encumber your 
Lease or sublet all or any part of the Location without our advance written approval. 
6.03 
Construction of Your Restaurant  
After acquiring the Location by lease or purchase, you shall at your expense construct your 
Restaurant or, if applicable, convert the existing premises at the Location to become your 
Restaurant, in conformity with the final plans and specifications which we have approved (as 
provided in Section 6.03).  At your expense and prior to commencing construction of your 
Restaurant, you must obtain all necessary permits, licenses, variances and approvals pertaining to 
the building, occupancy, signs, utilities, zoning, use, and any other permits, approvals or variances 
which are necessary to permit the construction and use of a Restaurant as may be required by 
federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances.  You shall certify to us in writing that 
all such permits, licenses, variances and approvals have been obtained. 
You must engage a qualified, licensed and bonded general contractor to construct your Restaurant 
and to complete all improvements.  You must obtain and maintain in force during the entire period 
of construction the insurance required under Section 9.01 of this Agreement.  Your indemnification 
of us, our affiliates and all others specified in Section 8.10 below applies to each and every activity 
arising from or related to the construction of your Restaurant.  You understand that our approval of 
your final plans for your Restaurant does not render us liable for any defects, neglects, omissions, 
errors or negligence associated with such plans and shall not in any fashion be construed to 
diminish or negate your indemnification of us, our affiliates and the others referenced in Section 
