 
 
Page 19 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within designation of governing 
law or which, by virtue of its denominated geographic or subject matter scope, would not by its terms 
otherwise apply. 
18.13 Venue 
Any action or proceeding brought by us or you (and/or any of our or your respective affiliates, 
and their respective owners, members, officers, directors or managers) against any such other party, 
whether sounding in law or equity, will be instituted, litigated through conclusion and, if necessary, 
appealed through final, irrevocable judgment exclusively in a state or federal district court of 
competent jurisdiction situated in the state, county and judicial district in which our principal place of 
business is then located. Any such action or proceeding shall be brought in federal court if federal 
court jurisdiction exists and, if it does not exist, then in state court.  You (and your affiliates, and the 
owners, members, officers, directors or managers of each of the foregoing) hereby irrevocably 
submit themselves to the jurisdiction of any such court and waive all questions of personal jurisdiction 
for the purpose of carrying out this provision. You (and each of your affiliates, and the owners, 
members, officers, directors or managers of each of the foregoing) agrees that any dispute as to the 
venue for litigation will be submitted to and resolved exclusively by such aforementioned court. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, with respect to any action for monies owed, injunctive or 
other extraordinary or equitable relief, or involving possession or disposition of, or other relief relating 
to, your franchised Business(es) or area development business hereunder, we may bring such an 
action in any state or federal district court which has jurisdiction. You, on behalf of yourself and your 
affiliates, and the owners, members, officers, directors or managers of each of the foregoing, hereby 
waive and covenant never to assert or claim that the venue designated for litigation by this 
Agreement is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate (including 
any claim under the judicial doctrine of “forum non conveniens”). The parties agree that this Section 
Error! Reference source not found. shall not be construed as preventing either party from 
removing an action or proceeding from state to federal court.  
18.14 Punitive Damages 
In no event will we be liable to you for punitive damages in any action or proceeding arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement; any breach, termination, cancellation or non-renewal of this 
Agreement; or, in any other action or proceeding whatsoever between the parties to this Agreement 
and/or any of their affiliates. You hereby waive and covenant never to advance any such claim for 
punitive damages. 
18.15 Guarantee 
If you are a Business Entity, the following persons must sign our standard form Guarantee 
(Exhibit D) at the same time as the execution of this Agreement or at such later time as they assume 
such status: (a) if you are a corporation or limited liability company, all shareholders or members (as 
applicable) owning 5% or more of your issued and outstanding stock or membership interests, as 
applicable; (b) if you are a partnership, all general partners owning a 5% or greater interest in you; 
and, (c) if you are a limited partnership, the general partner and all shareholders owning a 5% or 
greater interest in the general partner. 
If you are in breach or default under this Agreement, we may proceed directly against each 
such individual and/or entity (each, a guarantor) without first proceeding against you and without 
proceeding against or naming in the suit any other guarantors. Your obligations and those of each 
guarantor will be joint and several. Notice to or demand upon guarantor will be considered notice to 
or demand upon you and all guarantors, and no notice or demand need be made to or upon all 
guarantor. The cessation of or release from liability of you or any guarantor will not relieve any other 
guarantor from liability under this Agreement, except to the extent that the breach or default has 
been remedied or money owed has been paid. 
