 
- 25 - 
promotion of your particular Restaurant. If we establish one or more websites or other modes of 
electronic commerce and if we provide a “click through” subpage at each such website for the 
promotion of your Restaurant, you must routinely provide us with updated copy, photographs and 
news stories about your franchised Business suitable for posting on your Business’s “click through” 
subpage, the content, frequency and procedure of which will be specified in our Brand Standards. 
Any websites or other modes of electric commerce that we establish or maintain may – in addition 
to advertising and promoting the programs, products, or services available at Businesses – also be 
devoted in part to offering Ivan Ramen Restaurant and possibly other Ivan Ramen-branded 
franchises for sale and be utilized by us to exploit the electronic commerce rights which we alone 
reserve.  
You may not maintain your own website / URL / domain for your Restaurant or Business.  Unless 
we provide our advance written approval in each instance and subject to our continuing right to 
withdraw such approval at any time, you may not create your own online social media page(s) for 
your Restaurant or Business or otherwise maintain a presence or advertise on the internet through 
your own social media page or in any other mode of electronic commerce in connection with your 
franchised Business, including through the use of a page or profile on a social media website such 
as Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, Snapchat or Twitter; and/or establish a link to any website we 
establish at or from any such social media page. However, we may establish a social media page or 
other channels of online promotion which may feature your Restaurant, in which case, we may 
require you to furnish us regularly with local content for publishing or posting on any social media 
page we create. Such content you provide to us must be in line with our Brand Standards, must be 
regularly and frequently updated with new content, and must always be in full compliance with our 
social media policy in our Brand Standards.  
We may require you to provide us with professional grade photographs pertaining to your Restaurant, 
for use in our main advertising channels (including social media). The rights to such photographs 
must be assigned to us or be provided on a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual basis.  If you do not 
have the capacity to produce such photographs yourself, you must hire a professional photographer 
to do so, and if you are contributing to our System Brand Fund or Regional Brand Fund at such time, 
you may deduce from your regular contribution(s) your cost of hiring such a photographer for such 
purpose. 
We alone will be, and at all times will remain, the sole owner of the copyrights to all material which 
appears on any Ivan Ramen website or social media page we establish and maintain or you establish 
and maintain, including any and all material you may furnish to us as provided above. Ownership of 
the URL (uniform resource locator) and other identifiers associated with any such web site or social 
media page shall vest exclusively in us. 
We may (but are not obligated to), in our sole business judgment, at any time establish an intranet 
through which downloads of operations and marketing materials, exchanges of franchisee e-mail or 
other electronic messages, System discussion forums and systemwide communications (among 
other activities) can be effected. 
Computer and Point of Sale System 
Before the commencement of operation of the franchised Restaurant you must purchase the required 
computer hardware, software, Internet connections and service, required dedicated telephone and 
power lines and other computer-related accessories, peripherals and equipment (the “computer and 
Point of Sale systems”). You must obtain high-speed communications access for your computer and 
Point of Sale systems, such as broadband, DSL or other high-speed capacity. You must also 
maintain a functioning e-mail address for your Business and such wi-fi service for your customers as 
we may designate the Brand Standards. 
Despite the fact that you agree to buy, use, and maintain the computer and Point of Sale systems 
according to our standards and specifications, you will have sole and complete responsibility for: 
(1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the computer and Point of Sale 
