 
 
- 34 - 
their proposed use. Our approval of any of your proposed advertising may be withheld for any or 
no reason. If we do not respond within ten (10) business days following our documented receipt of 
your proposed advertising material, then our approval will be deemed withheld and the proposed 
advertising material not approved. You acknowledge that our grant or denial of our approval of 
your proposed advertising will not give rise to any liability on our part and you will not assert claims 
against us to the contrary. 
You must promptly discontinue use of any advertising or promotional plans or materials, whether or 
not previously approved, upon notice from us. 
10.03 Local Advertising and Promotion 
You agree to engage in local advertising and promotion of your Restaurant, using the advertising 
material, media, special events and other public relations activities that we require or approve, in 
our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
"Local Advertising and promotion" means the local or regional Advertising and promotional 
activities that we specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise, or approve in advance as provided 
in Section 10.02. Expenditures incurred for any incentive programs for your employees or agents, 
including the cost of honoring any discounts or coupons, and salaries and expenses of any of your 
employees may not be included in or deemed to constitute local Advertising and promotion for 
purposes of this Section 10.03, unless we first approve them in writing.  
10.04 Advertising Cooperatives 
You may establish, form, join, or leave an advertising cooperative if you wish from time to time. We 
shall not require you to do so. 
 
10.05 Business Directory Advertising 
You agree to list your Business in all commonly known and used (such as Google Maps and Yelp!) 
internet and/or print business directories (“Directories”) serving your Territory. We may annually 
furnish you with demographic information and recommendations regarding which such 
directory(ies) in your Territory you should advertise in for the coming year. You agree to procure, 
place and pay for all of your Directories advertising we may require. We may specify the size, style 
and content of your Directories advertising (if applicable). 
11. RECORDS, AUDITS, REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND PRIVACY 
11.01 Financial Statements 
A. 
No later than 30 days following the end of each calendar quarter during the term of 
this Agreement, you agree to furnish to us, in a form we approve, a statement of the franchised 
Business's profit and loss for the quarter and a balance sheet as of the end of the quarter. You 
must certify these statements to be true and correct. 
B. 
No later than 90 days following the end of each of your fiscal years during the term 
of this Agreement, you agree to furnish to us, in a form we approve, a statement of the franchised 
Business's profit and loss for the fiscal year and a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year, 
prepared on a compilation basis and certified to be true and correct by you. We reserve the right to 
require these annual financial statements to be audited by an independent certified public 
accountant. 
C. 
The financial statements required above must be prepared in accordance with 
United States generally accepted accounting principles, including all disclosures required under 
those principles. 
D. 
No later than 30 days following your filing of the annual tax returns of the franchised 
Business, you agree to furnish to us exact copies of the tax returns, including federal, state and 
any local income tax returns, together with a certificate from an independent certified public 
accountant that all Social Security payments, taxes and fees required to be paid by you to any 
