 
 
- 65 - 
22. OUR RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULTS 
22.01 Our Right to Cure Defaults 
In addition to all other remedies granted pursuant to this Agreement, if you default in the 
performance of any of your obligations, or breach any term or condition of this Agreement or any 
related agreement, then we may, at our election, immediately or at any time thereafter, without 
waiving any claim for breach under this Agreement and without notice to you, cure the default on 
your behalf. Our cost of curing the default and all related expenses will be due and payable by you 
immediately upon demand. 
23. INJUNCTION 
23.01 Injunction 
You explicitly affirm and recognize the unique value and secondary meaning associated with the 
System and the Proprietary Marks. Accordingly, you agree that any noncompliance by you with the 
terms of this Agreement, or any unauthorized or improper use of the System or the Proprietary 
Marks by you, will cause irreparable damage to us and other System franchisees. You therefore 
agree that if you engage in such noncompliance, or unauthorized and/or improper use of the  
System or Proprietary Marks, during or after the term of this Agreement, we and our affiliates will 
be entitled to both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of 
competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies which we may have at law. You consent to 
the entry of these temporary and permanent injunctions without the requirement that we post a 
bond of any type or nature, or any other form of security, and without the requirement to prove the 
adequacy of money damages as a remedy, and without waiving any other rights or remedies at law 
or in equity. You will be responsible for payment of all costs and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys' and expert fees, which we and/or our affiliates may incur in connection with our efforts to 
secure such injunctive relief. 
24. INTEGRATION OF AGREEMENT 
24.01 Integration of Agreement 
This Agreement, all exhibits to this Agreement, and all ancillary agreements executed 
contemporaneously with this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties with 
reference to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede any and all prior negotiations, 
understandings, representations and agreements. Nothing in the preceding sentence, however, is 
intended to disclaim the representations we made in the franchise disclosure document that we 
provided to you. You specifically acknowledge that no officer, director, employee, agent, 
representative or independent contractor of ours is authorized to furnish you with any financial 
performance information. For the purpose of this Agreement, “financial performance information” 
means information given, whether orally, in writing or visually which states, suggests or infers a 
specific level or range of historic or projected sales, expenses and/or profits of franchised or non-
franchised Businesses and Restaurants. 
25. NO ORAL MODIFICATION 
25.01 No Oral Modification 
This Agreement may not be amended orally, but may be amended only by a written instrument 
signed by the parties.  
26. NOTICES 
26.01 Notices, Requests and Protests 
Any notice, request or protest required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be in 
writing; must be delivered to the other party either personally or by a recognized overnight delivery 
service capable, through “signature capture” or otherwise, of documenting delivery or attempted 
delivery of the notice, or by electronic mail with third party proof of delivery (including date and 
