 
 
- 14 - 
certain geographic areas (cities, states, regions) and not others; with respect to certain types of 
Restaurants but not others; or, with regard to certain subsets of franchisees and not others. You 
understand that any maximum, minimum or other prices we prescribe or suggest may or may not 
optimize the revenues or profitability of your franchised Business.  However, subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Section 7.07, nothing in this Agreement may be construed to prevent you 
from otherwise freely establishing your own prices. You acknowledge that prices at Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants may vary by region. We will take into consideration your Location and opinion in 
regard to prices. 
7.08 
Social Media Publicity Prior to Restaurant Opening 
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to assist with calling attention to the opening of your 
Restaurant by posting about it on social media, in our sole business judgment. 
 
7.09 
Nature of Obligations 
All our obligations under this Agreement are to you alone. No other party is entitled to rely on, 
enforce or obtain relief for breach of any of our obligations hereunder, either directly or by 
subrogation. 
8. YOUR DUTIES 
8.01 
Opening Date 
You must fulfill all of your pre-opening obligations set forth in this Agreement, the Brand Standards 
and in other written notices from us, and open your franchised Restaurant to the general public no 
later than fifteen (15) months following the Effective Date.  Time is of the essence. If you fail to 
comply with any of such obligations, we will have the right to prohibit the Restaurant from opening.  
You will not be allowed to open your Restaurant without our written approval, which we will not 
unreasonably withhold. In order to obtain our approval to open, you must: obtain all required state, 
local and other required government certifications, permits and licenses, furnish to us copies of all 
such required permits and licenses; furnish to us copies of all insurance policies required under 
this Agreement; attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program to our satisfaction 
(as provided in this Agreement); pay us or our affiliates any amounts due through the date that you 
request our approval to open; not be in default under any agreement with us or any affiliate of ours; 
not be in default under, but instead be current with, all contracts or agreements with your principal 
vendors, suppliers and other business creditors (including the lessor or sublessor of your Location, 
us and our affiliates); and, otherwise comply in all respects with the pre-opening obligations set 
forth in this Agreement, the Brand Standards or other written notices we may furnish to you. In 
addition to the foregoing, you must submit to us a request to open your Restaurant. Once we 
receive your request, we will notify you in writing whether or not the Restaurant meets our 
standards and specifications. If we approve your request to open your Restaurant, our acceptance 
is not a representation or warranty, express or implied, that the Restaurant complies with any 
engineering, licensing, environmental, labor, health, building, fire, sanitation, occupational, 
landlord’s, insurance, safety, tax, governmental, or other statutes, rules, regulations, requirements, 
or recommendations nor a waiver of our right to require continuing compliance with our 
requirements, standards, or policies. 
You must send us a written notice of the actual opening date (the “Opening Date”) of the 
Restaurant franchised hereunder concurrent with such opening. 
8.02 
Manner of Operation 
Your franchised Business and the Restaurant it operates must comply at all times with every 
provision of this Agreement, the System and the Brand Standards. You may not use the System or 
the Proprietary Marks for the benefit of any business other than the franchised Business. You may 
not conduct (or permit anyone else to conduct) any business at your Restaurant other than the 
franchised Business embraced by this Agreement without first obtaining our written consent, which 
we may withhold for any reason or no reason.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that your 
