 
 
- 21 - 
the computer and Point of Sale systems; (2) the manner in which your computer and Point of Sale 
systems interfaces with our and any third party’s computer system; and (3) any and all 
consequences if the computer and Point of Sale systems are not properly operated, maintained, 
and upgraded. 
You agree to provide all assistance we require to bring your computer and Point of Sale systems 
online with our computers at the earliest possible time and to maintain these connections as we 
require. You agree to input and maintain in your computer and Point of Sale systems all data and 
information which we prescribe in our Brand Standards, in our proprietary software (if any) and its 
manuals, and otherwise. We will have independent access to your computer and Point of Sale 
systems and we may retrieve from your computer and Point of Sale systems all information that we 
consider necessary, desirable or appropriate, and you will cooperate in giving us access to all such 
records (including all records in your POS system). You must accurately, consistently and 
completely record and provide through the computer and Point of Sale systems all information 
concerning the operation of the franchised Business that we require, in the form and at the 
intervals that we require. We may also from time to time adjust requirements pertaining to 
capturing and relaying to us customer information and data. You acknowledge and agree that all 
customer information and data arising out of or collected in connection with the operation of the 
Restaurant is Confidential Information and we are the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in 
and to such customer information and data in accordance with Section 12.01 of this Agreement. 
You agree to use the proprietary software developed by us or on our behalf. You must sign, when 
we request, our standard form Software License Agreement (Exhibit D). We will initially furnish our 
proprietary software and associated manuals and materials to you at our expense. You agree to 
purchase from us new, upgraded or substitute proprietary software whenever we determine to 
adopt them system-wide, at the prices and on the terms that we establish (separate and apart from 
any Technology Fee we may require from time to time). You agree to use any proprietary software 
and software support services that, in the future, either we develop and provide or which are 
provided on our behalf by a third party supplier we designate, and you will execute any standard 
form software license agreement that a third party software provider requires if reasonably 
necessary to do so. 
You agree, at your expense, to keep your computer and Point of Sale systems current and in good 
maintenance and repair. We may mandate that you add memory, ports, accessories, peripheral 
equipment and additional, new or substitute software. Following our testing and determination that 
it will prove economically or systemically beneficial to you and to us, you agree to install at your 
own expense the additions, modifications, substitutions and/or replacements to your computer and 
Point of Sale systems’ hardware, software, telephone and power lines and other computer and 
Point of Sale system facilities as we direct, on the dates and within the times we specify in our 
Brand Standards or otherwise. Although we cannot estimate the future costs of your computer and 
Point of Sale systems or required service or support, and although these costs might not be fully 
amortizable over this Agreement’s remaining term, you agree to incur the costs of obtaining the 
computer hardware and software comprising the computer and Point of Sale systems (or additions 
and modifications) and required service or support, which might include fees payable to us and/or 
our affiliates. We have no obligation to reimburse you for any computer and Point of Sale systems 
costs. 
You understand and agree that modes of computerization and communication are rapidly evolving 
and that, accordingly, we may require you at your expense to purchase, install and utilize at your 
franchised Business and Restaurant such hereafter developed or modified modes of 
computerization, 
hardware, 
software, 
equipment, 
accessories, 
facilities, 
capabilities, 
communication, media and/or interfaces as we, in our sole business judgment, determine to 
incorporate into the System.  You shall do so at such time and in such manner as we designate, in 
our Brand Standards or other written notices. You may be required to purchase such newly 
developed modes of computerization, as well as improvements to or modifications of your 
