 
 
- 67 - 
28. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES 
28.01 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
This Agreement is entered into solely between you and us. Other than our affiliates or as expressly 
set forth in this Agreement, there is no intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement and you 
agree that none is to be presumed or deemed to exist. 
29. EXECUTION, CONSTRUCTION AND INTERPRETATION; FURTHER ACTS 
29.01 Execution, Construction and Interpretation; Further Acts 
A. 
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
Electronic and facsimile signatures will be considered as binding and conclusive as if original. 
B. 
The titles and subtitles of the various Articles and Sections of this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience and will not affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms, 
provisions, covenants and conditions of this Agreement. The language of this Agreement will in all 
cases be construed simply according to its fair and plain meaning and not strictly for or against us 
or you. 
C. 
It is agreed that if any provision of this Agreement is capable of two constructions, 
one of which would render the provision void and the other of which would render the provision 
valid, then the provision will have the meaning which renders it valid. 
D. 
The parties agree to execute all other documents and perform all further acts 
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 
E. 
If Franchisee consists of more than one person or entity, or a combination thereof, 
the obligations and liabilities of each such person or entity to us under this Agreement are joint and 
several. 
F. 
As used in this Agreement, the words “include”, “includes”, or “including” are used in 
a non-exclusive sense and shall be construed to mean “including without limitation”. 
30. LEGAL ACTIONS, GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE 
30.01 Attorneys’ Fees 
Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement, each party to any legal action or proceeding 
brought against the other party shall be responsible for his/her/its own attorneys’ fees, experts’ 
fees, court costs and all other expenses sustained in the course of such litigation (including any 
appeals).  You acknowledge, however, that certain provisions of this Agreement provide that 
should we prevail in certain legal actions or proceedings against you, you must reimburse us for all 
costs and expenses incurred in connection with such legal actions or proceedings (including any 
appeal thereof), including reasonable attorneys’ fees, experts’ fees, court costs and all other 
expenses we incur. You further acknowledge that if we incur costs and expenses due to your 
failure to pay when due amounts owed to us, to submit when due any reports, information, or 
supporting records, or otherwise to comply with this Agreement, you agree, whether or not we 
initiate a formal legal proceeding, to reimburse us for all of the costs and expenses that we incur, 
including, without limitation, reasonable accounting, attorneys’ and related fees, and any fees and 
costs incurred in connection with collection of any amounts due and obtaining injunctive or other 
relief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 
30.02 Attorneys’ Fees – Third Party Actions 
If we become a party to any action or proceeding commenced or instituted against us by a third 
party arising out of or relating to any claimed or actual act, error or omission of yours and/or any of 
your officers, directors, shareholders, management, employees, contractors and/or representatives 
(the “Franchisee Party(ies)”) your Restaurant and/or your franchised Business by virtue of 
statutory, "vicarious", "principal/agent" or other liabilities asserted against or imposed on us as a 
