 
 
Page 8  
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer ______ 
 
cured as provided in Section 15.03 of this Agreement, will result in this Agreement being terminated 
in accordance therewith. 
B. Upon the execution of this Agreement, you must designate, and must retain at all times during 
the Term, an individual to serve as your business to oversee the general development and operation 
of your Restaurants (“Area Business Manager”). If you are an individual, you must perform all 
obligations of the Area Business Manager. 
1. 
You may, at your option and subject to our written consent, designate a district 
manager to supervise the operation of all Restaurants developed and operated by you (and, if 
applicable, your affiliates) in a specific subset of your Development Territory (“District Manager”) 
pursuant to this Agreement; provided however, that you and your Area Business Manager will remain 
fully responsible for your District Manager’s performance. The District Manager, if appointed, must 
execute the “Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement” attached as Exhibit C to this Agreement. 
2. 
Unless a District Manager is designated pursuant to Section 9.06(B)(1), your Area 
Business Manager must devote full time and best efforts to the supervision of the Restaurants 
operated by you and, if applicable, your affiliates, and, without our written consent, must not engage 
in any other business. The foregoing provision will not apply if a District Manager is designated, 
provided, the District Manager must devote his or her full time and best efforts to the supervision and 
operation of the Ivan Ramen Restaurants conducted by you and, if applicable, your affiliates. 
3. 
You may also appoint several Restaurant-level managers (each, an “Operations 
Manager”) to oversee the day-to-day operations of each of the Restaurants developed and operated 
by you (and, if applicable, your affiliates) pursuant to this Agreement. Each Operations Manager 
must execute such confidentiality and/or non-competition agreement as required by the applicable 
Franchise Agreement. 
4. 
The Area Business Manager, any District Manager and any Restaurant-level 
Operations Manager must meet our qualifications, as set forth in this Agreement, the Operations 
Manual / Brand Standards, or otherwise in writing and, without limitation, must be empowered with 
authority to act for and on your behalf. 
9.07 
Terrorism 
You represent and warrant that neither you, nor any entity or individual having an ownership 
interest in you; nor any affiliate of either yours; nor any officer, director, employee, contractor or 
servant of any of the foregoing, has in the past, currently does or will in the future support terrorism; 
provide money or financial services to terrorists; is engaged in terrorism; is on the current United 
States government list of organizations that support terrorism; has been engaged in or been 
convicted of fraud, corruption, bribery, money laundering, narcotics trafficking or other crimes; and, 
that all of the foregoing individuals are eligible under applicable United States Immigration laws to 
travel to the United States for training or any other purpose. 
10. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
10.01 Restriction on Use of Confidential Information 
You agree that you will not, during the Term of this Agreement or thereafter, divulge to or use 
for the benefit of any other person(s), partnership, proprietorship, association, corporation or entity, 
any confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning your or our systems of operation, 
programs, services, products, customers or practices and/or pertaining to the Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant System which may be communicated to you. Any and all information, knowledge, know-
how, techniques and information which we, our Affiliates, or their respective officers, designate as 
confidential will be deemed confidential for the purposes of this Agreement, except information which 
you can demonstrate came to your attention before our disclosure or which, at or after the time of 
