 
 
Page 8  
 
 
 
 
 
 
limited only to the extent necessary to bring it within the requirement of the law. If any article, section, 
sentence or clause of this Agreement is held to be indefinite, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the 
entire Agreement will not fail for this reason, and the balance of the Agreement will continue in full 
force and effect. If any court of competent jurisdiction deems any provision of this Agreement (other 
than for the payment of money) so unreasonable as to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the court 
may declare a reasonable modification of this Agreement and this Agreement will be valid and 
enforceable, and the parties agree to be bound by and perform this Agreement as so modified. 
16. GOVERNING LAW; VENUE 
16.01 Governing Law 
This Agreement; all relations between the parties; and, any and all disputes between the 
parties, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, is to be exclusively construed in accordance 
with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of New York without recourse to New York 
(or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles. If, however, any provision of this Agreement 
would not be enforceable under the laws of New York, and if the franchised business is located outside 
of New York and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the 
franchised business is located, then the provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted and 
construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this Section intended to invoke the application of any 
franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, "implied covenant", unfair competition, unfair or deceptive 
trade practice, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of New York or any other state, which 
would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within designation of 
governing law or which, by virtue of its denominated geographic or subject matter scope, would not by 
its terms otherwise apply. 
16.02 Venue 
Any litigation arising out of or related to this Agreement; any breach of this Agreement; the 
relations between the parties; and, any and all disputes between the parties, whether sounding in 
contract, tort, or otherwise, will be instituted exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in New 
York, New York. Licensee agrees that any dispute as to the venue for this litigation will be submitted to 
and resolved exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction situated in New York, New York.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, with respect to any action for monies owed, injunctive 
or other extraordinary or equitable relief, or involving possession or disposition of, or other relief 
relating to, the Software or any part of the Software, Licensor may bring such an action in any state or 
federal district court which has jurisdiction. Licensee, on behalf of Licensee and Licensee’s affiliates, 
and the owners, members, officers, directors or managers of each of the foregoing, hereby waive and 
covenant never to assert or claim that the venue designated for litigation by this Agreement is for any 
reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate (including any claim under the 
judicial doctrine of “forum non conveniens”). The parties agree that this Section 16.02 shall not be 
construed as preventing either party from removing an action or proceeding from state to federal court.  
 
17. COSTS OF ENFORCEMENT; ATTORNEYS' FEES 
17.01 Costs of Enforcement 
Licensor will be entitled to recover from Licensee reasonable attorneys' fees, experts' fees, 
court costs and all other expenses of litigation, if Licensor prevails in any action instituted against 
Licensee in order to secure or protect those rights inuring to Licensor under this Agreement, or to 
enforce the terms of this Agreement. 
17.02 Attorneys' Fees 
If Licensor becomes a party to any litigation or other proceeding concerning this Agreement by 
reason of any act or omission of Licensee or Licensee’s authorized representatives  and not by any act 
