 
- 45 - 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
m. Conditions 
for our approval 
of transfer 
Sections 
14.03, 
14.04, 
14.05 
a. The person to whom you propose to transfer (the "transferee") must apply to 
us for acceptance. 
b. Transferee must come to personal interview, or we may meet with transferee 
at his, her or its business or residence, and if we do you must reimburse us for 
our travel, lodging, meal and personal expenses. 
c. Transferee (or, if a business entity, the principals of the proposed transferee) 
must demonstrate the skills, qualifications, ethics, moral values and economic 
resources. necessary, in our reasonable judgment, to conduct the Business and 
to fulfill obligations to you. 
d. Transferee and his/her/its proposed Operations Manager and Trainer must 
attend and successfully complete Initial Training Program before assignment 
(and other training if we wish), at transferee's expense. 
e. The landlord of the Restaurant Location must consent in writing to the 
assignment of lease. 
f. You must have cured any existing defaults, fully comply with all obligations to 
us and satisfy your outstanding monetary obligations to third parties. 
g. Transferee must sign new Franchise Agreement (but need not pay another 
Initial Franchise Fee). The term of the new Franchise Agreement will be the 
balance of your Franchise Agreement. 
h. Transferee must have acquired, or will be able to immediately acquire 
following the signing of the new Franchise Agreement, all permits, licenses and 
other authorizations legally necessary to operate Business. 
i. The Total Sales Price may not be so excessive, in our determination, that it 
jeopardizes the continued economic viability and future operations of the 
franchised Business and/or the transferee. See Franchise Agreement for 
definition of “Total Sales Price.” 
j. If transferee is a business entity, owners must sign guarantees and 
confidentiality/ non-competition agreements. Spouses of owners need not sign a 
personal guarantee. 
k. You and your owners must sign a general release (subject to state law). 
l. If the transferee is a business entity, all of the requirements of its new 
Franchise Agreement concerning business entities must be complied with before 
we sign the new Franchise Agreement and must continue to be complied with. 
m. You must give us copies of the proposed assignment contract and signed 
assignment contract. 
n. The transferee, at its expense, must upgrade the Restaurant to conform with 
then-current standards and specifications within the time we reasonably specify. 
o. You must correct any existing deficiencies of the Restaurant of which we have 
notified you. 
o. You must pay us a transfer fee of $10,000. 
n. Our right of 
first refusal to 
purchase your 
business 
Section 
14.06 
We can match any offer for your Business. If we exercise our right of first refusal, 
you and your selling owner(s) agree that, for two (2) years beginning on the closing 
date, you and they will be bound by the non-competition covenant contained in 
Section 12.02  of the Franchise Agreement. We have the unrestricted right to 
assign this right of first refusal to a third party, who then will have the same rights 
described here. 
o. Our option to 
purchase your 
business 
Section 
19.01 
We have the option to buy your franchised Business’s assets upon termination 
or expiration. 
p. Your death or 
disability 
Section 
14.05 
On your death or disability your rights pass to your "Estate". Your Estate may 
continue operating the Business if it provides an acceptable Operating Principal. 
The Estate shall have a reasonable period of time (not to exceed six (6) months 
