 
 
- 19 - 
We may from time to time provide you with specifications governing the minimum standards of 
programs, products, services and/or equipment required to be used in or sold by your Restaurant, 
for which we do not designate a required source of supply. We will set forth such specifications in 
our Brand Standards or in other written or electronic notices we transmit to you. We may add to, 
modify or revoke our specifications in writing from time to time. 
You may propose a new or substitute supplier in accordance with the following procedure: 
1. 
You must submit a written request to us for approval of the supplier and then furnish 
us with the information, data and samples that we reasonably request; 
2. 
The supplier must demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction that it is able to supply 
the program, product, service or equipment to you meeting our specifications;  
3. 
We or our agents must have the right, and must be permitted, to inspect the 
proposed supplier’s facilities and to have samples from the supplier delivered either 
to us, an independent laboratory or another designee for testing, all at your and/or 
the proposed supplier’s expense;  
4. 
The proposed supplier must demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction, following 
our inspection or other review, that it is in good standing in the business community 
in all respects; that the program, product, supply, equipment, material or service 
meets or exceeds our specifications and standards for same in all respects; and, 
that the proposed supplier’s manufacturing and distribution capabilities are sufficient 
to furnish you (and other Restaurants) with the subject program, product, supply, 
equipment, material or service in a consistently timely, sanitary, hygienic and cost-
efficient fashion; 
5. 
We may require that the proposed supplier also agree to comply with such other 
requirements we may deem appropriate, including our ability to conduct continuing 
inspections and, in connection therewith, charge reasonable continuing inspection 
fees and administrative costs; and, 
Nothing in the foregoing shall be deemed to require us to approve any particular supplier or to 
require us to make available to prospective suppliers any standards, specifications, procedures or 
protocols that we, in our business judgment, deem confidential. 
We, our affiliate or our designee may be an approved source of supply for any such non-
proprietary program, product, supply, equipment, material or service that you are required to 
purchase.  However, you will not be obligated to purchase any such non-proprietary items solely 
from us or our affiliate.  We will determine the prices we charge for any such item and will notify 
you of such prices at the time of sale, in our Brand Standards or otherwise.  We reserve the right to 
earn a profit from selling any and all such non-proprietary items to you and other Ivan Ramen 
franchisees. 
We may require you to purchase a legal license to stream music in your Restaurant. 
We may require you to pay for and utilize certain online reservation services (such as OpenTable) 
for your Restaurant. 
We may require you to use the electronic files of certain artwork and Ivan Ramen brand imagery 
that we furnish to you, in order to have printed artwork, design elements or other 
aesthetic/decorative materials we prescribe created for use in your Restaurant, at your cost and 
expense, using a service provider you select.  
We and/or our affiliates may derive revenue - - in the form of promotional allowances, volume 
discounts, commissions, other discounts, performance payments, signing bonuses, rebates, 
marketing and advertising allowances, free products, and other economic benefits and payments - 
- from suppliers that we designate, approve, or recommend for some or all Ivan Ramen 
