 
- 20 - 
(2) 
Approve or disapprove a site for your Restaurant Location. We do not currently own sites for 
leasing to franchisees. You select the site for your Restaurant Location in your Territory. We 
approve or disapprove your proposed site. We have 3 weeks do so  after you present the site 
to us. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.01) If you and we cannot agree upon a Restaurant 
Location within two (2) months following the date we sign the Franchise Agreement, and you 
have not secured the site within 30 days after our approval of it, then we can terminate the 
Franchise Agreement, and if we do so, then we will not refund your Initial Franchise Fee. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6.01) 
We may require you to submit maps, completed checklists, photographs, copies of proposed 
leases, diagrams of the premises with measurements and other information and materials 
which we may reasonably require to evaluate your proposed Restaurant Location. We may 
visit your proposed Restaurant Location but the Franchise Agreement does not require us to 
do so. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.01) 
We consider the following factors in approving sites: the size of your Territory; the market 
potential and estimated volume of your Business; the general location and neighborhood and 
nearness to customers; store visibility; traffic patterns; co-tenant attractiveness; size of the 
space; age and condition of the shopping center or building; the location and convenience of 
entrances; the availability of parking; the availability of locations and necessary zoning; the 
location of competitors; expected overhead; lease terms; and, traffic patterns. 
(3) 
Approve or disapprove the lease or purchase agreement for the Restaurant Location within 
twenty (20) business days after we receive it. If we do not communicate our approval or 
disapproval to you in that time, and if the Lease is accompanied by a rider containing the 
required provisions of Exhibit C to the Franchise Agreement, the agreement is approved. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6.02) 
(4) 
Review your final plans and specifications for the Restaurant promptly and approve or provide 
comments on the plans and specifications to you. You may not commence construction of 
the Restaurant until we approve the final plans and specifications in writing. We may provide 
you with the names of designated or approved suppliers and specifications for some items of 
the design, construction, furniture, fixtures, equipment and decoration of the Restaurant. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6.03 and 6.04)  The Franchise Agreement does not require 
us to provide assistance with conforming the premises to local ordinances and building codes 
and obtaining any required permits, and/or constructing, remodeling, or decorating the 
premises. 
(5) 
Specify the electronic and/or written accounting and management information systems (MIS), 
point of sale (POS) systems, procedures, formats and reporting requirements which you will 
use to account for your Business; maintain your financial records and merchandising data; 
and, generate reports for both you and us. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.06 and 8.08) 
(6) 
Lend you a copy of the Confidential operating manuals (the "Brand Standards"). You must 
strictly comply with the Brand Standards in operating your Business. We can change the 
Brand Standards, and you must comply with these changes when you receive them, but they 
will not materially alter your rights and obligations under the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 7.01) 
The following is the Table of Contents of our operating manual as of the date of this disclosure 
document:   
 
Brand Standards Manual: 
TOPIC 
NUMBER OF 
PAGES 
Preface and Introduction 
5 
