 
 
- 47 - 
“Disability” means any physical, emotional or mental injury, illness or incapacity which prevents or 
will prevent a person from performing the obligations set forth in this Agreement for at least ninety 
consecutive days. Disability will be determined either after this ninety-day period or, if we elect, at 
an earlier time following an examination of the person by a licensed practicing physician selected 
and paid for by us. If the person refuses to submit to an examination, then the person will 
automatically be considered permanently disabled as of the date of the refusal. 
14.06 Right of First Refusal 
Your rights to assign, transfer, redeem or sell any interest in this Agreement or the franchised 
Business, voluntarily or by operation of law (as provided above), will be subject to our right of first 
refusal (except in those instances specified above where no such right will pertain), which right of 
first refusal we may freely assign to any individual or entity. We will exercise our right of first refusal 
in the following manner. 
A. You must deliver to us a true and complete copy of the proposed assignee’s offer (the 
"notice") including all its terms and furnish to us any additional information concerning 
the proposed transaction and the proposed assignee that we reasonably request.  Your 
submission of such information must be accompanied by the seller’s representation and 
warranty that all of the information submitted to us is true, accurate, complete and 
correct in all respects and, if the seller is a business entity, you must also furnish us with 
an appropriate resolution of the business entity’s governing body authorizing the 
proposed sale. 
B. We shall have 60 days following our receipt of the notice (or, if we request additional 
information, 60 days following our receipt of the additional information) to conduct due 
diligence into the transaction.  Our due diligence will be of the type, nature and scope 
customary for transactions similar to the proposed transaction at issue and, in 
connection with our due diligence, you agree to make available to us immediately upon 
demand all information, data, books, or written or electronic records which we may 
reasonably request and, as well, shall make available to us for inquiry each owner and 
Guarantor of your franchised Business, the Operations Manager and Trainer of your 
Business and any other personnel we specify.  As well, all of the requirements of your 
proposed assignee specified above in Section 14.04 of this Agreement must be 
complied with. 
 
C. Within 60 days after our receipt of your notice (or, if we request additional information, 
within 60 days after receipt of the additional information), we may either consent or 
withhold our consent to the assignment or redemption, in accordance with this Article, 
or at our option accept the assignment to ourselves or to our designee, on the terms 
and conditions specified in your notice. If we or our designee accept the assignment, we 
will be entitled to all of the customary representations and warranties given by the seller 
of assets of a business, including (without limitation) representations and warranties as 
to ownership, condition of and title to assets, liens and encumbrances on the assets, 
validity of contracts and agreements, and your contingent and other liabilities affecting 
the assets. Any dispute regarding the value of all or any part of the assets or rights 
proposed to be assigned and/or the consideration proposed to be paid or payable to 
you or any third party in connection with the proposed assignment shall be determined 
by a reputable independent appraiser we select, and you and we equally share the 
expense of, whose determination will be final and binding on us. You expressly 
understand and agree that nothing in the offer which is the subject of your notice to us 
may contain any provision or condition the effect of which would be to increase the cost 
to us, or otherwise change the economic or other terms imposed on us, as a result of 
our substitution for the offeror, or as a consequence of compliance with the procedures 
set forth herein regarding our right of first refusal. 
