 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Area Development Agreement, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any provisions of the Area Development 
Agreement or New York law if such provisions are in conflict with North Dakota law. The Area 
Development Agreement will be governed by North Dakota law, rather than New York law, as 
stated in Section 18.12 of the Area Development Agreement (“Governing Law”). 
 
2. 
Any provision in the Area Development Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue or 
requires the Area Developer to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of North 
Dakota, is deleted from Area Development Agreements issued in the State of North Dakota. 
The site of any arbitration will be agreeable to all parties. 
 
3. 
No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising 
of the State of North Dakota. 
 
4. 
Section 16.01 of the Area Development Agreement (“Other Obligations and Rights on 
Termination or Expiration”) may require franchisees to consent to termination or liquidated 
damages.  This requirement is deleted from all Area Development Agreements used in the 
State of North Dakota. 
 
5. 
Covenants restricting competition in the State of North Dakota, such as those found in Section 
11.01 of the Area Development Agreement (“Covenants Not to Compete”), may be subject to 
Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code.  Covenants not to compete such as those 
mentioned above are generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota.  
 
6. 
Section 18.13 of the Area Development Agreement (“Venue”) requires that the franchisee 
consent to the jurisdiction of courts in New York.  This requirement is deleted from all Area 
Development Agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
7. 
Section 18.14 of the Area Development Agreement (“Punitive Damages”) requires the 
franchisee to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.  This requirement is 
deleted from all Area Development Agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
8. 
Based on the financial statement of the franchisor and the duties and obligations of the 
franchisor to furnish goods and/or services to assist its franchisees in establishing and opening 
their franchised business, the State of North Dakota requires that the franchisor assure financial 
capability. Accordingly, collection of initial fees due to the franchisor under the Area 
Development Agreement will be deferred until all obligations owed to the franchisee under the 
Area Development Agreement or other documents have been fulfilled by the franchisor and the 
franchisee has commenced doing business pursuant to the Area Development Agreement. 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee (or area 
developer) in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
