 
 
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold under the laws of 
the State of New York: 
 
1. The last sentence of the third paragraph of Section 7.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Confidential Operating 
Brand Standards; Policy Statements”) is amended to read as follows: 
 
"The Brand Standards and any additions, deletions, revisions or Supplements to the Brand Standards are 
material in that they will affect the operation of the franchised Business, but they will not conflict with or 
materially alter your rights and obligations under this Agreement or place an excessive economic burden 
on your operations." 
 
2. Sections 13.01 (H) and 14.04 (O) of the Franchise Agreement are each amended to include the following 
language immediately following the requirement that Franchisee execute a General Release: 
 
"Provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in its favor 
from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York and the 
regulations issued thereunder will remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver 
provisions of GBL, Section 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied." 
 
3. The second sentence of Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Enforcement of Covenants Not To 
Compete”) is amended to read as follows: 
 
"Accordingly, you consent to the seeking of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by you in violation of the 
terms of the covenants not to compete set forth in this Agreement."  
 
4. The third and fourth sentences of Section 23.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Injunction”) is amended to 
read as follows: 
 
"You therefore agree that if you engage in this non-compliance, or unauthorized and/or improper use of 
the System or Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, we will be entitled to seek 
both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in 
addition to all other remedies which we may have at law. You consent to the seeking of these temporary 
and permanent injunctions." 
 
5.  No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable 
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
6. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have the same force and 
effect as originals. 
 
[Signature page follows] 
