 
 
Page 6  
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer ______ 
 
development business in strict compliance with the Brand Standards. We have the right to prescribe 
additions to, deletions from or revisions of the Brand Standards (the "Supplements to the Brand 
Standards"), all of which will be considered a part of the Brand Standards. All references to the Brand 
Standards in this Agreement will include the Supplements to the Brand Standards. Supplements to 
the Brand Standards will become binding on you as if originally set forth in the Brand Standards, 
upon being delivered to you.  
You further agree to develop and operate the franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses 
in strict compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities; to 
comply with all applicable wage, hour and other laws and regulations of the federal, state and local 
governments; to prepare and file all necessary tax returns; to pay all taxes imposed upon you related 
to the Businesses; and, to obtain and keep in good standing all necessary licenses, permits and 
other required forms of governmental approval required of you. 
9.03 
Indemnification 
You hereby agree that you will, at your sole cost, at all times defend us, our Affiliates, and 
the corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and designees of each, and the respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, shareholders, members, owners, proprietors, 
designees, contractors and representatives of each (we and all others referenced above, the 
"Indemnitees"), and indemnify and hold harmless us and the other Indemnitees to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, from all claims, loss, liability and costs (including court costs, attorneys’ fees and 
experts’ fees) incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, investigation, 
or formal or informal inquiry (regardless of whether reduced to judgment) or any settlement which 
actually or allegedly, directly or indirectly arises out of, is based, upon, is a result of or is related to 
any of the following: 
1. 
Claims of any type or nature advanced by or against you or any of your officers, 
directors, shareholders, partners, proprietors, management, agents, employees, 
affiliates representatives and contractors (or any third party acting on your behalf or 
at your direction) by a third party (or, as applicable, against a third party) or between 
or among themselves;  
2. 
Your alleged or actual infringement or violation of any patent, mark or copyright or 
other proprietary right owned or controlled by third parties;  
3. 
Your alleged or actual violation or breach of any contract, federal, state, local, foreign 
or other law, rule or regulation;  
4. 
Libel, slander or any other form of defamation by you;  
5. 
Your alleged or actual violation or breach of any warranty, representation, agreement 
or obligation set forth in this Agreement;  
6. 
Any acts, errors, neglects or omissions by you and/or your officers, directors, 
shareholders, management, employees, agents, servants, contractors, partners, 
proprietors, affiliates or representatives (or any third party acting on your behalf or at 
your direction);  
7. 
Any damage to the property of you, us, any of our Affiliates, or their, our or your 
officers, directors, management, agents, employees and contractors. 
You agree to give us written notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, 
inquiry or investigation that could be the basis for a claim for indemnification by any Indemnitee within 
three days of your actual or constructive knowledge of it. At your expense and risk, we may elect to 
assume (but under no circumstance will we be obligated to undertake) the defense and/or settlement 
of the action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation. However, we will seek your 
