 
- 12 - 
[7] 
Your landlord and utilities will set charges for security deposits and utility deposits. States 
and localities will set costs for permits and licenses (including alcoholic beverages licenses). 
[8] 
Actual cost depends on the work done by your accountant and attorney and their rates. We 
also strongly recommend that you seek the assistance of attorneys and accountants for the 
initial review and resulting advisories concerning this franchise opportunity, this Disclosure 
Document, and subsequently, the Franchise Agreement and, as applicable, the Area 
Development Agreement. It is also advisable to consult these professionals to review any 
lease or other contracts that you will enter into as a part of starting your Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant Business. The estimated rates in this chart are based upon professional fees 
typically changed in the New York City area.  It is best to ask your professional advisors for 
a fee schedule before engaging them to perform any services on your behalf. 
[9] 
You must provide uniforms for your employees. You may buy uniforms from any source which 
meets our specifications – which are currently a particular form of T-shirt. 
[10] 
Depending on location, type and size of sign. Your signs must conform to specifications. 
[11] 
Estimated annual premium for required insurance coverage – see Item 6. 
[12] 
You are not required to expend any particular minimum amount on opening advertising or to 
promote the initial opening of your franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant. However, it is typical 
for a restaurateur to expend some amount on such efforts, beginning approximately one 
month before the scheduled opening of the franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant and 
continuing for one month after the opening, on local advertising and promotion, typically not 
to exceed $15,000. 
[13] 
In compiling these estimates, we rely on our experience in operating and franchising 
businesses. The estimate of pre-opening payroll expenses is based on the following, which 
may differ widely for your franchised business depending on a multitude of factors such as 
prevailing wages; required wages under local laws and prevailing labor market conditions, 
including many in your discretion, such as how many people you put on payroll, doing what 
jobs, how much you pay them and for how long before you open: an Operations Manager for 
2 months, at an annualized salary of $65,000 - $75,000 per year; a Chef for 2 months at an 
annualized salary of $65,000 - $75,000; a Sous Chef for 1.5 months at an annualized salary 
of $65,000 - $75,000; an Assistant General Manager for one month at an annualized salary 
of $50,000 - $60,000; 22 back-of-house staff for three weeks at $16 – 22 per hour; and, front-
of-house staff for 2 weeks at $7.50 - $15.00 per hour. 
[14] 
The estimate of additional funds for the initial phase of your Business is based on your staff 
salaries and operating (rent and inventory) expenses for the first three (3) months of 
operation. The estimate of additional funds does not include an owner’s salary or draw. The 
additional funds required will vary, because other required expenses you will incur will vary 
by your area; how much you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience and business acumen; the relative effectiveness of your staff; local economic 
conditions; the local market for your products and services; the prevailing wage rate; 
competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period. You must provide security 
deposits for utilities and rent (and possibly for other items).  
