 
 
Page 3  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee agrees to respect and not to remove, obliterate, or cancel from view any copyright, 
trademark, confidentiality or other proprietary notice, mark, or legend appearing on any of the Software 
or output generated by the Software (such as information on customers or suppliers and, to the extent 
that Licensee can do so, to reproduce and include same on each copy of output generated by the 
Software that is intended to show to any third party).   
 
3.03 
No Reverse Engineering or Modification 
Licensee agrees that while this license is in effect, or while Licensor has custody or possession 
of any property of Licensor, Licensee will not modify, translate, enhance, merge, reverse engineer, 
reverse assemble, disassemble, or decompile the Software or any portion of the Software, derive the 
source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or organization form of the Software or any 
portion thereof or otherwise reduce the Software or any portion of the Software to human-readable 
form. Licensee may not, and may not attempt to, defeat, avoid, by-pass, remove, deactivate or 
otherwise circumvent any software protection mechanisms in the Software including, without limitation, 
any such mechanism used to restrict or control the functionality of the Software. 
3.04 
Transfer of Software 
If Licensee transfers possession of any copy, modification, translation or merged portion of the 
Ivan Ramen Software to another party, the attempt at transfer is void and this license is automatically 
terminated. 
4. PROTECTION AND SECURITY 
4.01 
Non-Disclosure 
Licensee agrees not to disclose, publish, display, translate, release, transfer or otherwise make 
available the Ivan Ramen Software, any part of the Software or any other materials furnished by 
Licensor in any form (or any copy of any of the foregoing) to any person, without the written consent of 
Licensor, which may be withheld with or without cause. Licensee agrees that it will take all necessary 
action including, but not necessarily limited to, instructing and entering into agreements with all of 
Licensee's employees, agents, representatives, affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or other third 
persons/entities associated with Licensee to protect the copyright and trade secrets of Licensor in and 
to those materials licensed under this Agreement and to assure Licensee's compliance with its 
obligations under this Agreement. Licensee shall use its best efforts to assist Licensor in identifying 
and preventing any unauthorized use, copying or disclosure of the Software or any portions thereof.  
Without limitation of the foregoing, Licensee shall advise Licensor immediately in the event Licensee 
learns or has reason to believe that any person who Licensee has given access to the Software, or any 
portion thereof, has violated or intends to violate the terms of this Agreement. The provisions of this 
Section 4.01 will survive the termination of this Agreement. Licensee shall not rent, lease, loan, 
distribute, sell, sublicense or encumber the Software.  
Licensee shall not create any derivative works from the Software. Licensee agrees that any 
derivative works created by Licensee from the Software, including, but not limited to, software or other 
electronic works, are considered derivative works under U.S. law and that use of the derivative work is 
subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. Derivative works may not be 
sublicensed, sold, leased, rented, lent, or given away without written permission from Licensor. 
Licensor will not be responsible for unauthorized, modified and/or regenerated software or derivative 
works. 
Licensee understands and agrees that Licensor may from time to time adopt whatever 
mechanical or other electronic methods that Licensor deems necessary (in its sole and exclusive 
judgment) to prevent the unauthorized use and/or distribution of the Ivan Ramen Software. 
