 
Member American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
 
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
 
To the Members 
Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC (a limited liability Company), 
which comprise the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and the related statement of income, changes in members’ 
equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then 
ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC and to meet our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and 
maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements, including 
omissions, are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would 
influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: 
 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
BMKR, LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     T 631-293-5000 
1200 Veterans Memorial Hwy., Suite 350                     
       
 
 
     F 631-234-4272 
Hauppauge, New York 11788 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     www.bmkr.com
  Thomas G. Kober CPA      Brian Mayhew, CPA 
 
 
 
 
              Charles W. Blanchfield CPA (Retired) 
  Alfred M. Rizzo CPA         Moises Sa, CPA 
 
 
 
 
                          Bruce A. Meyer CPA (Retired) 
  Joseph Mortimer CPA        Matthew Papadopoulos, CPA  
