 
 
- 18 - 
without our prior written consent.  Your Restaurant must prepare all products utilizing such 
preparation standards, procedures and techniques as we specify and must refrain from any 
deviation from our standards and specifications without our prior written consent.  
If you desire to sell any program, product, or service which is not a part of the System, then you 
must obtain our advance written permission, which we may deny for any or no reason. If we grant 
such advance written approval, then the program, product or service in question will become a part 
of the System; we may, but will not be required to, authorize the program, product or service for 
sale at one or more other Restaurants; we may subsequently revoke our approval for any or no 
reason; we will own all rights associated with the program, product, or service; and, you will not be 
entitled to any compensation therefor. 
B. 
Proprietary Programs, Products and Services 
You must purchase or lease any proprietary programs, products, systems, methods, platforms, 
supplies, equipment, materials or services used in conjunction with, offered or sold at the 
Restaurant which now comprise, or in the future may comprise, a part of the System and which 
were developed by, are proprietary to or kept secret by us or our affiliates, only from us, an affiliate 
of ours that we designate or an independent distributor or supplier whom we designate and 
authorize. We impose this requirement to advance uniformity of the Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
concept and quality and to protect our trade secrets, which are of the essence to the System and 
this Agreement. Proprietary products may include our different types of noodles, certain 
stocks/soup concentrates (such as pork stock, chicken stock, paitan (both chicken and pork) stock, 
dashi, and fish stock), certain specialty ingredients, uniforms we may require your staff to wear, 
and any other category of programs, products, services or equipment.  
We may require you to purchase and use proprietary, branded consumer items at your Restaurant, 
such as Ivan Ramen branded chopsticks, bowls, clothing, cookbooks and other merchandise.  We 
may also require you to purchase such items from our designated supplier, and to offer any such 
items for sale at your Restaurant or to advertise them for sale on the web page and/or social media 
pages pertaining to your Restaurant. 
We (or our affiliates or designees) will sell to you all proprietary products under terms we develop 
and advise you of from time to time. We reserve the right to earn a profit on the sale of proprietary 
products to you. 
C. 
Sources of Supply and Specifications 
You must purchase certain required non-proprietary programs, products, systems, methods, 
platforms, supplies, equipment, materials or services, and comply with all specifications for same 
(such as our specifications for certain models of noodle cooker, steam kettle, oven, and certain 
furnishings, fixtures and equipment), from suppliers we designate in writing; from suppliers you 
propose and we approve; and/or, in accordance with our written specifications. Such standards 
and specifications may be specific as to brand name, item/model/catalog number, preparation or 
manufacturing facility, or other factors we consider relevant. All such designated sources must 
demonstrate, to our continuing reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our then-current 
standards and specifications for such items; that they possess adequate quality controls and 
capacities to supply your (and other Restaurants’) needs promptly and reliably; and, must be 
approved in writing by us (and have not thereafter been disapproved) prior to any purchases by 
you from any such supplier.  All such designated sources and specifications are subject to addition, 
modification, revocation and/or deletion by us from time to time upon notice given to you. If we 
revoke or delete any product, supply, equipment, component or approved supplier, then you must 
cease using any such disapproved item or supplier (or any items purchased from a revoked source 
of supply) which are inventoried by your Restaurant within ten (10) days following your receipt of 
written or electronic notice from us, unless the item or source of supply poses a threat to the health 
or safety of the public, in which case you must cease using such item or source of supply 
immediately upon notice from us orally, electronically, or in writing.   
