 
- 48 - 
Provisions 
Section in 
Area 
Development 
Agreement 
Summary 
f. You make a willful misrepresentation or do not make a material 
disclosure required by any governmental authority. 
g. You use or duplicate any aspect of our System, services, programs 
or products in an unauthorized fashion. 
h. You engage in any business or market any service or product under 
a name or mark which, in our opinion, is confusingly similar to our 
Proprietary Marks. 
i. You engage in conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon 
the operation and reputation of the Businesses, us or the Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant System. 
j. The termination of your Area Development Agreement will give us the 
right to terminate your Franchise Agreement(s); except that your failure 
to satisfy the Development Schedule will not terminate any of the 
Franchise Agreements you already signed with us, so long as you have 
opened the Businesses covered by the signed Franchise Agreements 
and you are not in default of the Franchise Agreements. In addition, the 
termination of your Franchise Agreement(s) will give us the right to 
terminate your Area Development Agreement.    
i. Your 
obligations on 
termination / 
nonrenewal 
Section 16.01 
a. Pay all money owing to us or our affiliates, and third parties. 
b. If we terminate the Agreement for your default, pay us all expenses, 
including attorney's and expert's fees. 
c. Immediately sign all agreements necessary for termination. 
d. Strictly comply with the post-termination/post-expiration covenants 
not to compete 
e. Continue to abide by restrictions on the use of our Confidential 
Information. 
Termination of the Area Development Agreement for your failure to 
comply with the Development Schedule will not terminate any of the 
Franchise Agreements you already signed with us, so long as you have 
opened the Businesses covered by the signed Franchise Agreements 
and you are not in default of the Franchise Agreements.  
j. Assignment 
of contract by 
us 
Section 12.01 
We will have the right to assign the Area Development Agreement if the 
assignee is financially responsible and economically capable of 
performing our obligations under the Area Development Agreement, 
and agrees to perform these obligations. We may sell our assets, 
Proprietary Marks, or System; go public, etc. (see Area Development 
Agreement). 
k. "Transfer" 
by you – 
definition 
Section 12.02 
Any assignment, sale, transfer, shared, reconsidering, subfranchising 
or dividing, voluntarily or involuntarily, of the Area Development 
Agreement, the franchised Business, the Restaurant, or any interest in 
the franchised Business, the Restaurant or a Business Entity 
Franchisee (including any capital stock, membership, partnership or 
proprietary interest of you or anyone who controls you). 
l. Our approval 
of transfer by 
you 
Section 
12.02, 12.03 
and 12.04  
No transfer without our consent except as provided in Area 
Development Agreement (for example, transfer to a business entity you 
form for convenience.). 
m. Conditions 
for our 
approval of 
transfer 
Sections 
12.03 and  
12.04 
See l., above.   
 
