 
 
Page 15 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
commenced the franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business(es) covered by the Unit Franchise 
Agreement(s), but after the effective date of the termination, you will have no right to develop or 
operate any additional Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business without first obtaining our express written 
consent, which we may withhold without cause. 
Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, you agree to: 
1. 
Immediately pay all sums due and owing to us or our Affiliates, plus interest, and all 
sums due and owing to any landlord, employees, taxing authorities, advertising 
agencies and all other third parties.  
2. 
If we terminate because of your default, pay us all losses and expenses we incur as 
a result of the default or termination, including all damages, costs, and expenses, and 
reasonable attorneys' and experts' fees directly or indirectly related thereto, such as 
(without limitation) lost profits, lost opportunities, damage inuring to our Proprietary 
Marks and reputation, travel and personnel costs and the cost of securing a new Area 
Developer for the Development Territory. This obligation will give rise to and remain, 
until paid in full, a lien in our favor against any and all of assets, property, furnishings, 
equipment, signs, fixtures and inventory owned by you and any of the Businesses at 
the time of termination and against any of your money which we are holding or which 
is otherwise in our possession. 
3. 
Immediately execute all agreements necessary to effectuate the termination in a 
prompt and timely manner. 
4. 
Strictly comply with the post-termination/post-expiration covenants not to compete set 
forth in Article 11 of this Agreement. 
5. 
Continue to abide by those restrictions pertaining to the use of our Confidential 
Information, trade secrets and know-how set forth in Article 10 of this Agreement. 
16.02 No Prejudice 
The expiration or termination of this Agreement will be without prejudice to our rights against 
you, and will not relieve you of any of your obligations to us at the time of expiration or termination, 
or terminate your obligations which by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
17. UNAVOIDABLE DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM (FORCE MAJEURE) 
17.01 Unavoidable Delay or Failure to Perform (Force Majeure) 
Any delay in our or your performance of any duties under this Agreement, or any non-
performance of such duties, that is not your or our fault (as applicable) or within your or our 
reasonable control – including, but not limited to, fire; floods, natural disasters; Acts of God; war; civil 
commotion; any governmental act or regulation; any delays or defaults in deliveries by common 
carriers and/or postal services and/or overnight couriers; computer network outages; late deliveries 
or non-deliveries of goods or non-furnishing of services by third party vendors; strikes; and any other 
similar event beyond such party's control) will not constitute a breach or cause a default under this 
Agreement, provided, however, that we or you (as applicable) will take all steps reasonably possible 
to mitigate damages caused by such failure or delay. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such failure or delay continues for more than 180 days, 
we will have the right at any time thereafter during the continuance of such failure or delay to 
terminate this Agreement upon 30 days advance written notice to you. 
