 
 
- 43 - 
14.04 Assignment By You – Sale To Third Party 
If we do not elect to exercise our right of first refusal (as provided in Section 14.06 below), then we 
will not unreasonably withhold consent to your sale, transfer or assignment of any interest in you (if 
you are a business entity), the franchise conveyed by this Agreement, your Business, your 
Restaurant, your Lease or Sublease (as applicable) and your right to use the System, or any 
interest in any of these, to a third party.  You agree that it will not be unreasonable for us to 
impose, among other requirements, the following conditions to granting consent to your proposed 
sale, assignment or transfer of any of the foregoing: 
A. That the proposed assignee (meaning all individuals and entities which, after the 
proposed sale, transfer or assignment, will be franchisees under this Agreement or 
under any successor agreement) applies to us for acceptance as a franchisee and 
demonstrates to our satisfaction that the proposed assignee (and, if it is a business 
entity, each and every owner and guarantor of the proposed assignee) possesses the 
skills, qualifications, financial condition, background and history, reputation, economic 
resources, education, managerial and business experience, moral character, credit 
rating and ability to assume your duties and obligations under this Agreement and any 
successor and related agreement. You must pay the costs of any such investigation 
conducted by us. 
B. That, upon our request, the proposed assignee (or, if the proposed assignee is a 
business entity, each and every owner or guarantor of the proposed assignee) presents 
itself for a personal interview at our corporate office, or any other location we designate, 
at the date and time we reasonably request, without expense to us. We may determine 
to meet with the proposed assignee at his, her or its principal place of business or 
residence and, if we do so, you will reimburse us for all travel, lodging, meals and 
personal expenses related to such meeting. 
C. That the proposed assignee has the organizational, managerial and financial structure, 
financial resources and capital required to conduct the franchised Business in 
accordance with such standards and the satisfaction of such conditions as we indicate 
from time to time, taking into account such factors (among others) as the number of 
Restaurants and market areas involved and their geographic proximity. 
D. That the proposed assignee comply with our ownership requirements relative to the 
control of the proposed assignee and the franchised Business. 
E. That the proposed assignee (and, if the proposed assignee is a business entity, each 
and every owner or guarantor of the proposed assignee) comply with our restrictions 
relative to involvement in any business which competes with the franchised Business. 
F. That the proposed assignee; his, her or its proposed Operations Managers and 
Trainer(s); and, such other post-transaction employees of the franchised Business 
attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program before the assignment, 
and any other training that we reasonably require, at the assignee’s expense (which will 
include our then-current training fee and the cost of the trainees’ transportation, lodging, 
food and other living expenses). Each individual undergoing such training must first 
execute the Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement substantially in the form of 
Exhibit E.  We may waive these requirements if the proposed assignee is one of our 
existing franchisees in good standing. 
G. That, if required, the lessor or sublessor of your Location consents in writing to the 
assignment to the proposed assignee.    
H. That, as of the date of the assignment, you have cured any existing defaults under any 
provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with us or our 
affiliates, and have fully satisfied in all respects all of your accrued and/or then-current 
