 
 
(GBL) of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain 
in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of GBL, 
Section 687(4) and 687(5) be satisfied." 
 
The same language (in quotes immediately above) is also added to the end of the 
“Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements for a franchisee to renew or extend, 
and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer”. 
 
3. 
The requirements of Section 12.04 and Section 23.01 of the Franchise Agreement that you 
consent to the entry of an injunction are modified in the State of New York to provide only 
that you consent to the seeking of such an injunction. 
 
4. 
The following sentence is added at the end of the section entitled "Modification" in Item 17 
of the Disclosure Document, and at the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v) 
(entitled “Choice of forum”) and 17(w) (entitled “Choice of law”): 
 
“The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon 
the franchisor or the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of 
New York.”  
 
OTHER 
 
Franchise 
Questionnaires 
and 
Acknowledgments 
-- 
No 
statement, 
questionnaire, 
or 
acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state 
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made 
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. 
Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document 
(offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made. 
New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of 
the first personal meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other 
agreement, or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
