 
- 31 - 
We and our affiliates have not established and do not currently intend to establish any other 
franchises, company-owned outlets or other distribution channels offering similar products or 
services under a different trademark anywhere in the United States, but we may do so in the future. 
We reserve the right, if you fail to achieve Gross Revenues of at least $1,250,000 ($1.25 million) per 
year in any calendar year during the Term, to remove any territorial protections you have under this 
Agreement, upon notice to you. The franchise agreement cannot be terminated for failure to meet 
the minimum sales quota. Other than the above, there is no minimum sales quota and during the 
term of your Franchise Agreement, there are no circumstances when we can alter your Territory. 
You have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises with the 
territory or contiguous territories. 
Area Development Agreement 
If you and we sign an Area Development Agreement, we will grant you a “Development Territory” 
and you will promise to develop, own and operate franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses 
within the Development Territory.  You will not receive an exclusive Development Territory.  You may 
face competition from outlets that we own at nontraditional locations, from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that we control.  Your Development Territory will be set forth on 
Exhibit A to your Area Development Agreement. The Development Territory includes the Protected 
Territories granted under the Franchise Agreement for each Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business that 
you develop. Each "Protected Territory" is restricted to a geographic area within which you agree to 
establish and operate an Ivan Ramen Restaurant under a Franchise Agreement. Each Franchise 
Territory we grant you will be a radius around the Ivan Ramen Restaurant in a particular city or 
municipality. Your right to operate a franchised Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business developed under 
an Area Development Agreement will be limited to the Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business’ Restaurant 
Location situated in the respective Protected Territory located in the Development Territory.  See the 
description of the Franchise Agreements above in this Item 12. 
For so long as the Area Development Agreement is in effect, neither we nor any of our affiliates 
(meaning any individual or entity we control, which controls us or which is under common control 
with us, together our “affiliates”) will, within the Development Territory, operate or grant a franchise 
for a restaurant business operated under the Proprietary Marks of the type franchised to you, or a 
similar or competitive business, except for the rights we reserve that are described below. These 
restrictions will terminate immediately upon the expiration or termination of the Area Development 
Agreement for any reason.  
Outside of the Development Territory, we and our affiliates reserve the right to operate any number 
of Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses, and to authorize others to operate them, at any location we 
choose (including one or more locations that may be proximate to, but not within, the Development 
Territory).  
We and/or our affiliates may engage in any business activity we choose in or outside the 
Development Territory except as we are restricted as described above, and the Area Development 
Agreement does not confer upon you any right to participate in or benefit from any other business 
activity (regardless of whether it is conducted under the Proprietary Marks or not). We thus may 
engage in, or authorize others to engage in, any form of business offering and selling any type of 
product or service except as restricted as described above.  For example, we and/or our affiliates 
may own, operate or authorize others to own or operate any type of business at any location we 
choose, including within your Development Territory, so long as the other business does not sell 
under the Proprietary Marks the type of products or services which your franchised Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant Businesses offer and sell (except as permitted below).  Further, we and/or our affiliates 
may own, operate or authorize others to own or operate Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses at any 
location outside of your Development Territory (including immediately proximate to it). 
In addition, we and/or our affiliates alone have the right to offer and sell within and outside your 
Development Territory, and under the Proprietary Marks, any and all products or services and/or 
