 
 
Page 14 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
5. 
You do not comply with the covenant not to compete during the term of this 
Agreement; violate the restrictions pertaining to the use of Confidential Information 
contained in this Agreement; or, do not obtain the execution of the additional 
covenants required in Article 11 of this Agreement. 
6. 
You make a willful misrepresentation or do not make a material disclosure required 
by any governmental authority regarding any matter involving or affecting the your 
obligations under this Agreement or the operations of the Businesses. 
7. 
You use or duplicate any aspect of our System, services, programs or products in an 
unauthorized fashion. 
8. 
You engage in any business or market any service or product under a name or mark 
which, in our opinion, is confusingly similar to our Proprietary Marks. 
9. 
You engage in conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the operation 
and reputation of the Businesses, us or the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System. 
15.03 Termination by Us – Fifteen Days to Cure 
Except as specifically provided elsewhere in this Agreement, you will have 15 calendar days 
following our delivery of written notice to you to cure any default under this Agreement and provide 
us with evidence that you have done so. If you have not cured any default within that time, this 
Agreement will terminate immediately upon expiration of the 15 day period, unless we otherwise 
agree in writing. You will be in default of this Agreement for any failure to comply with any of your 
obligations under this Agreement. 
15.04 Cross Default 
Any default or breach by you (or any of your affiliates) of any other agreement between us or 
our Affiliates and you (or any of your affiliates) will be considered a default under this Agreement, 
and any default or breach of this Agreement by you will be considered a default or breach under any 
and all other agreements between us (or any of our Affiliates) and you (or any of your affiliates). If 
the nature of the default under any other agreement would have permitted us to terminate this 
Agreement if the default had occurred under this Agreement, then we (or our Affiliate) will have the 
right to terminate all the other agreements between us (or any of our Affiliates) and you (or any of 
your affiliates) in the same manner provided for in this Agreement for termination of this Agreement. 
Your “affiliates” include any persons or entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control 
with you. 
15.05 Notice Required By Law 
If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental authority with 
jurisdiction over this Agreement or the parties to this Agreement limits our rights of termination under 
this Agreement or requires longer notice or cure periods than those set forth above, then this 
Agreement will be considered modified to conform to the minimum notice, cure periods or restrictions 
upon termination required by the laws and regulations. We will not, however, be precluded from 
contesting the validity, enforceability or application of the laws or regulations in any action, 
proceeding, hearing or dispute relating to this Agreement or the termination of this Agreement. 
16. OTHER OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS ON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
16.01 Other Obligations and Rights on Termination or Expiration 
The termination of this Agreement upon breach of your development obligations, as set forth 
in Section 6.01 above, will not terminate any of the Unit Franchise Agreements executed by you 
before the effective date of termination of this Agreement and for which you have already 
