 
 
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede 
and apply: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the Franchise Agreement or New York law if such 
provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. The Franchise Agreement will be governed by Indiana law, rather than 
New York law, as stated in Section 30.03 of the Franchise Agreement (“Governing Law”). 
 
2. 
Venue for litigation will not be limited to New York, as specified in Section 30.04 of the Franchise Agreement 
(“Venue”). 
 
3. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the franchise without good cause 
or in bad faith, good cause being defined therein as a material breach of the franchise agreement, will supersede 
the provisions of Article 17 of the Franchise Agreement (“Default and Termination”) in the State of Indiana to the 
extent they may be inconsistent with such prohibition. 
 
4. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or any other person, directly 
or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of the State of Indiana. 
 
5. 
Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Enforcement of Covenants Not to Compete”) will not apply to 
franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
6. 
Section 21.03 of the Franchise Agreement (“Our Withholding of Consent – Your Exclusive Remedy “) will not 
apply to franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
7. 
Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement (“Covenant Not to Compete”) is revised to limit the geographical 
extent of the post-term covenant not to compete to Franchisee’s Territory for all franchises sold in the State of 
Indiana. 
 
8. 
Section 23.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Injunction”) will not apply to franchises offered and sold in the State 
of Indiana. 
 
9. 
Section 30.05(B) of the Franchise Agreement (“Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages”) is deleted from the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
10. Notwithstanding the terms of Section 8.10 of the Franchise Agreement (“Indemnification”), Franchisee will not be 
required to indemnify Franchisor and the other Indemnitees for any liability caused by Franchisee’s proper 
reliance on or use of procedures or materials provided by Franchisor or caused by Franchisor’s negligence. 
 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable 
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
12. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have the same force and effect as 
originals. 
 
 
[signature page follows] 
 
 
