 
 
- 13 - 
7.04 
On-Going Training 
We may from time to time develop additional training programs which your head Chef and your 
Operations Manager and your Trainer must attend and successfully complete. We will determine 
the duration, curriculum and location of these future additional training programs. We reserve the 
right to furnish such programs by means of a company intranet or other electronic means of 
communication (such as web-based tutorials, video streaming, or through other now or hereafter 
developed media). We may require such programs (such as a refresher training course, and/or an 
annual conference with training) no more than two times per year.  
In addition, we may from time to time conduct an annual conference, convention or training 
session. We will determine the duration, curriculum and location of these.  You (if an individual) 
and your Operations Manager (and, if we require, your Trainer) must attend each annual 
conference, convention or training session at your sole expense (including travel, lodging, food and 
other living expenses).    
We reserve the right to charge our then-current training or conference fees for such programs, 
which shall be up to $500 per day per trainee and an aggregate of up to $10,000 per year for such 
on-going training programs and conferences. You also agree to pay all of the expenses incurred by 
your trainees or attendees in connection with any additional training programs we develop, 
including their salaries, travel costs, meals, lodging and other living expenses. 
7.05 
Field Support Services 
After you have opened your Restaurant, we may from time to time offer you field support services, 
supervision and/or assistance that we consider advisable through on-site visits, off-site sessions, 
telephonic, electronic or other communication modes. You may also at any time communicate with 
our headquarters for consultation and guidance with respect to the operation and management of 
your Business. The timing of our field support and headquarter consultation services will be subject 
to the availability of our personnel. 
7.06 
Accounting, MIS and POS Systems 
We may, but need not specify the electronic and/or written accounting and management 
information system (“MIS”), procedures, formats and reporting requirements which you will utilize to 
account for your franchised Business; maintain your financial records and Restaurant data; and, 
generate reports for both you and us. In addition to operating reports, payroll, cash management 
and general ledger accounts, these systems may be tailored to provide computerized point-of-sale 
(“POS”) scanning and invoice entry and/or automated “smart phone” (or other) customer purchase 
tracking/payment transactions. You will be solely responsible for performing all bookkeeping, 
recordkeeping and accounting duties prescribed under this Agreement or in the Brand Standards 
and for bearing the costs of these activities. You acknowledge that, as of the Effective Date, we 
require you to negotiate your own contract with Toast for use of their POS system and terminals, 
but we may modify that requirement at any time. 
7.07 
Pricing 
Because enhancing the Ivan Ramen Restaurant interbrand competitive position and consumer 
acceptance for Ivan Ramen’s programs, products and services is a paramount goal of us and our 
franchisees, and because this objective is consistent with the long term interest of the System 
overall, we may exercise rights with respect to the pricing of Restaurant programs, products and 
services to the fullest extent permitted by then-applicable law. These rights may include (without 
limitation) prescribing the maximum and/or minimum prices which you may charge for the 
foregoing; recommending prices; advertising specific prices for some or all of the foregoing, which 
prices you will be compelled to observe (colloquially referred to as “price point advertising 
campaigns”); engaging in marketing, promotional and related campaigns which you must 
participate in and which may directly or indirectly impact your prices (such as “buy one, get one 
free”); and, otherwise mandating, directly or indirectly, the maximum and/or minimum prices which 
you may charge. We may engage in any such activity either periodically or throughout the Term of 
this Agreement. Further, we may, in our sole business judgment, engage in such activity only in 
