 
 
- 11 - 
your expense. You must pay us a Relocation fee of up to $5,000 if you relocate your Restaurant to 
reimburse our expenses for relocation analysis. All leases or subleases that you enter into, all 
plans and specifications for your relocated Restaurant that you adduce and all construction, 
remodeling, renovation or other such activity that you perform at and for the relocated Restaurant 
must be in accordance with all of the provisions of this Article 6 and our then-current standards, 
specifications and requirements. 
6.08 
Time Is Of the Essence 
Subject to the provisions of Article 20 of this Agreement (“Unavoidable Delay or Failure to 
Perform [Force Majeure]”), time is of the essence with regard to each and every requirement 
of this Article 6. 
7. OUR DUTIES 
7.01 
Confidential Operating Brand Standards; Policy Statements 
We will lend you one copy of our confidential operating manuals (the “Brand Standards”). The 
Brand Standards may take the form of one or more of the following: one or more loose leaf or 
bound volumes; bulletins; notices; videos; CD-ROMS; computer software; other electronic media; 
online postings; e-mail and/or electronic communications; facsimiles; or, any other now or hereafter 
developed medium capable of conveying the Brand Standards’ contents. 
The Brand Standards will, among other things, set forth our operating systems, procedures, 
policies, methods, standards, specifications and requirements for operating your franchised 
Business. You agree to operate your Business in strict compliance with the Brand Standards. 
We have the right to prescribe additions to, deletions from or revisions of the Brand Standards (the 
"Supplements to the Brand Standards"), all of which will be considered a part of the Brand 
Standards. All references to the Brand Standards in this Agreement will include the Supplements 
to the Brand Standards. Supplements to the Brand Standards will become binding on you as if 
originally set forth in the Brand Standards, upon being delivered to you.  
You acknowledge that we are the owner of all proprietary rights in the Brand Standards and all 
intellectual property rights connected therewith (including common law copyright) and that you are 
acquiring no property or other right to the Brand Standards other than a license to use it and 
comply with it during the term of this Agreement. You agree to ensure at all times that your copy of 
the Brand Standards is current and up-to-date. If there is any dispute as to your compliance with 
the provisions of the Brand Standards and any Supplements to the Brand Standards, the master 
copy of the Brand Standards and any Supplements to the Brand Standards maintained at our 
principal office will control. 
In addition to the Brand Standards, we may issue policy statements designed to provide you with 
information and/or insight as to our current thinking about various business issues or strategies. 
Policy statements are not part of the Brand Standards, are not contracts and do not create any 
contractual or other binding obligation on either you or us. 
7.02 
Initial Training Program 
After you secure a Restaurant Location, and at least three (3) weeks (but no more than two (2) 
months) before the opening of your franchised Restaurant, your head Chef for your Restaurant and 
your Operations Manager (as defined in Section 8.07) and your Trainer must attend and 
successfully complete an initial training program (the "Initial Training Program"), which we will 
provide at no additional expense to you (except, as provided below, in instances where you ask us 
to provide our Initial Training Program for additional or replacement personnel). We will determine 
the date of commencement, location and duration (currently two and one-half weeks / thirteen 
business days) of the Initial Training Program, in our business judgment, and notify you of them. If 
you wish to include more trainees from your Business in the Initial Training Program, you may 
include more, up to a total of six (6) trainees (including the above-referenced individuals), at no 
