 
 
- 49 - 
interest in any of the assets or interests described in this Section 14.07, which approval shall be in 
writing. 
14.08 Your Offer and Sale of Securities 
If you are a business entity and intend to offer and sell securities of any type or nature or other 
ownership interests in you, the franchised Business, any owner and/or any Guarantor, then you 
must give us written notice at least sixty days prior to the date of commencement of any such 
offering.  Any such offering shall be subject to our right of first refusal, as set forth above in Section 
14.06, and shall comply with any written policies adopted and announced by us from time to time. 
You must submit to us for our review and consent, at least thirty days prior to your filing them with 
any government agency, any and all materials required by federal and/or state law for any direct or 
indirect offer or sale of securities or other ownership interests.  If your offering of securities or other 
ownership interests will be exempt from federal and/or state filing requirements, then any materials 
you will use in any such exempt offering shall be submitted to us for our review and consent at 
least thirty days prior to their use.  Our review of your offering materials and information included 
therein will be conducted solely for our benefit and not for the benefit or protection of any other 
person.  All of your offering materials and documents must include legends and statements as we 
may specify, including legends and statements which disclaim our liability for, or involvement in, 
your offer and sale of securities or other ownership interests, and must advise all offerees that our 
review of your offering materials must not be deemed in any fashion our approval, endorsement, 
acceptance or adoption of any representation, warranty, covenant or projection contained in those 
materials. 
Your offer and sale of securities and other ownership interests is specifically embraced by your 
indemnification of us and the other Franchisor Parties identified in Section 8.10 of this Agreement.  
Any other participant in your offer of securities or other ownership interests must agree to fully 
indemnify us in a parallel fashion in that form which we prescribe. 
You must pay us a non-refundable fee of $10,000 or such greater amount as may be necessary to 
reimburse us for our reasonable costs and expenses in reviewing your proposed offering, 
including, without limitation, legal and accounting fees. 
14.09 Bankruptcy 
If you, your franchised Business or any owner of you and/or your franchised Business is the 
subject of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, as amended, 
and if this Agreement does not terminate as provided in Section 17.01 below, but, instead, is to be 
assumed by, or assigned to, a third party individual or entity which has made a bona fide offer to 
accept an assignment of this Agreement as contemplated by the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, then you 
must notify us of any such proposed assignment or assumption within five days after your receipt 
of such proposed assignee’s offer to accept assignment or to assume your rights and obligations 
under this Agreement.  Such notice must be given to us, in any event, no later than ten days prior 
to the date application is made to a court of competent jurisdiction for authority and approval to 
enter into such assignment and assumption. 
The notice required above must contain the following: (i) the name and address of the proposed 
assignee; (ii) all of the terms and conditions of the proposed assignment and assumption; and, (iii) 
adequate assurance to be provided to us to assure the proposed assignee’s future performance 
(as defined below) under this Agreement, including (without limitation) the assurance referred to in 
Section 365 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and the satisfaction of the preconditions to assignment 
set forth in Section 14.04 of this Agreement. 
We will then have the prior right and option, to be exercised by notice given at any time prior to the 
effective date of the proposed assignment and assumption, to accept an assignment of this 
Agreement to ourselves, our affiliate or another franchisee, upon the same terms and conditions, 
and for the same consideration (if any), as in the bona fide offer made by the proposed assignee, 
