 
 
- 6 - 
report required by Section 5.06 of this Agreement the amount of all these taxes and the payments 
to which they relate.  
We may, from time to time, authorize certain other items to be excluded from Gross Revenues. 
Any such permission may be revoked or withdrawn at any time in writing by us in our sole 
discretion. The following are included within the definition of Gross Revenues described except as 
noted below: 
 
 
(a) 
The full value of meals furnished to your employees as an incident to their 
employment, except that the value of any discounts extended to such employees may be credited 
against Gross Revenues during the week in which the meals were furnished for the purpose of 
determining the amount of Gross Revenues upon which the Continuing Royalty is due; and 
 
 
(b) 
All proceeds from the sale of coupons, gift cards or vouchers; provided, that 
at the time such coupons, gift cards or vouchers are redeemed the retail price thereof may be 
credited against Gross Revenues during the week in which such coupon, gift card or voucher is 
redeemed for the purpose of determining the amount of Gross Revenues upon which the 
Continuing Royalty is due. If sales proceeds are not recorded and reported for purposes of the 
Continuing Royalty at the time the coupon, gift card or voucher is sold, or if such coupons, gift card 
or vouchers are distributed free of charge, no credit against Gross Revenues is permitted upon 
redemption of such coupon, gift card or voucher. 
5.06 
Reporting and Payment 
A. 
You agree to submit a monthly report to us for our receipt on or before the tenth day of 
each month. The monthly report will consist of a statement reporting all Gross Revenues for the 
preceding month and your calculation of the Continuing Royalty and System Brand Contribution 
due thereon, all in the manner and form we prescribe. You must manually or electronically sign the 
monthly report as we direct. We reserve the right to require you to file your monthly reports 
electronically or through any now or hereafter developed mode of communication and/or data 
transmission. You also agree to furnish to us any other financial or non-financial data that we 
request concerning the activity of your Business in the form, manner and frequency that we 
request it. 
B. 
On or before the tenth day of each month, you agree to pay us the Continuing Royalty and 
System Brand Contribution (and any Regional Brand Contribution and System Technology Fee (if 
any)) due for the preceding month, as specified in your monthly report.  
C. 
We reserve the right to require the transmission of these and any other payments required 
under this Agreement by direct account debit, electronic funds transfer or other similar technology 
now or hereafter developed to accomplish the same purpose. If we require you to make payments 
by direct account debit, electronic funds transfer or other similar technology we designate, you 
agree to deposit and maintain at all times sufficient funds to cover all fees and payments you owe 
to us and our affiliates in a segregated bank account (the “Bank Account”) that you form and 
maintain for the franchised Business and Restaurant. If you fail to properly report the Restaurant’s 
Gross Revenues and any other sales data and/or information we request through this alternative 
method based on the deadlines described above, we may debit your Bank Account for one 
hundred twenty percent (120%) of the last Continuing Royalty and System Brand Contribution that 
we debited (together with the interest noted in Section 5.06(D) below). If the amounts that we debit 
from your Bank Account are less than the amounts you actually owe us (once we have determined 
the Restaurant’s true and correct Gross Revenues), we will debit your Bank Account for the 
balance. If the amounts that we debit from your Bank Account are greater than the amounts you 
actually owe us, we will credit the excess against the amounts we otherwise would debit from your 
Bank Account during the following period. The Bank Account must have the capacity to make 
payments through the means we designate, and you must sign all documents required by your 
bank, our bank and us or for approval and implementation of the debit or transfer process. If and 
when we have implemented this requirement, you may not change the Bank Account without our 
