REQUIRED PROVISIONS FOR LEASE RIDER 
 
All Leases you enter into for the Ivan Ramen Restaurant Location must contain a 
Rider with provisions acceptable to us providing that: 
1. 
After (a) the expiration of the Franchise Agreement (so long as we provide the 
Landlord with no less than 60 days advance written notice thereof), or (b) the sooner 
termination of the Franchise Agreement for any reason (so long as we either provide the 
Landlord with (x) a copy of our notice of termination to you or (y) an agreement 
regarding the date of termination), we will have the right (but not the obligation) to cure 
any defaults within a reasonable period of time and at our election, either to assume the 
obligations of and replace you as the lessee under the Lease, or to have another 
franchisee, licensee, joint venture partner or other designee of ours assume the 
obligations of and replace you as the lessee under the Lease. If we assume the 
obligations of and replace you as the lessee under the Lease and then subsequently 
reassign the Lease to another franchisee, licensee, joint venture partner or other 
designee of ours, upon any such reassignment, we shall be released from all 
prospective obligations of the lessee.  
2. 
Simultaneous with giving notice to you of any default, the lessor or sublessor (the 
“Landlord”) will furnish to us written notice specifying such default and the method of 
curing the default; allow us 30 days after receipt of the notice to cure the defaults (except 
that (i) if the default is the non-payment of rent, we will have only fifteen days from 
receipt of notice to cure the default, and (ii) if the default is of such a nature that it 
cannot, with the exercise of reasonable diligence, be cured within 30 days, the time for 
cure shall be extended to be the same as that set forth in the Lease); and, allow us to 
exercise our option for us or another franchisee, licensee, joint venture partner or other 
designee of ours to succeed to your interest in the Lease under the same conditions as 
set forth in par. ‘1’, above.  
3. 
The Landlord will accept us or another franchisee designated by us as a 
substitute tenant under the Lease upon notice from us that we are exercising our option 
for us or another franchisee, licensee, joint venture partner or other designee of ours to 
succeed to your interest in the Lease and/or to reassign the Lease to another franchisee 
following our assumption of obligations under the Lease, under the same conditions as 
set forth in par.’1’, above.  
4. 
The required provisions in ‘1’, ‘2’, and ‘3’, above, are rights but not obligations for 
us to assume your rights and responsibilities under the Lease. 
5. 
The Landlord acknowledges that you alone are responsible for all debts, 
payments and performances under the Lease before we or another franchisee, licensee, 
joint venture partner or other designee of ours takes actual possession of the premises. 
6. 
The Lease may not be modified or amended without our advance written 
consent, which we may not unreasonably withhold. The Landlord will provide us with 
copies of all proposed modifications or amendments at least 30 days prior to their 
execution and true and correct copies of the executed modifications and amendments. 
7. 
The Landlord agrees to furnish us with copies of all letters and notices sent to 
you pertaining to the Lease and the premises, at the same time and in the same manner 
that these letters and notices are sent to you. 
