 
- 41 - 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
d. Termination 
by you 
Section  
17.05 
a. You may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you and we agree in writing.  
You may also terminate the Franchise Agreement under any grounds permitted 
by law. 
b. Your failure to pay any Continuing Royalties, System Brand Fund 
Contributions or other money after you receive notice of the default granting an 
opportunity to cure, will mean that you are willfully and wrongful breaching the 
Franchise Agreement and that you have decided to reject and terminate the 
Franchise Agreement and all Agreements between you and us (or our affiliates) 
related to the Franchise Agreement. 
e. Termination 
by us without 
cause 
Not 
applicable 
 
f. Termination 
by us with 
cause 
Article 17 
We may terminate only if you default. The Franchise Agreement describes 
defaults throughout – please read it carefully.  
g. "Cause" 
defined - 
defaults which 
can be cured 
Section 
17.03 
You have 30 days to cure the default if you do not comply with any lawful 
Franchise Agreement or Manual provision or requirement or otherwise fail to 
fulfill the terms of the Franchise Agreement in good faith, except for defaults 
described in h. below. Examples of curable defaults include: 
a. You do not pay promptly when due any money owed to us, our affiliates or 
any lender which has provided financing to your franchised Business under any 
arrangement with us.  The cure period for this default will be five (5) days after 
written notice of default.  If you do not cure within the shortened cure period, the 
Franchise Agreement will terminate immediately upon expiration of the five (5) 
day cure period, or any longer period required by applicable law. 
b.You do not submit required reports or make any false statement in connection 
with any reports or information you submit to us. 
c.You sell unauthorized services or products. 
d. You fail to maintain your trade accounts in a current status and/or fail to seek 
to promptly resolve any disputes with trade suppliers 
e. You engage in any business, or market any product or service, under a name 
or mark which, in our opinion, is confusingly similar to the Proprietary Marks. 
f. You do not pay any taxes on your Business when due. 
g. You do not use the Proprietary Marks and/or trade dress solely in the manner 
and for the purposes we direct. 
h. You violate the restrictions relating to advertising or do not participate in the 
programs related to advertising and sales promotion. 
i. You do not indemnify us. 
j. You permit a continued violation in connection with the operation of the 
franchised Business of any law, ordinance, rule or regulation, in the absence of a 
good faith dispute. 
k. You fail to obtain or maintain a required, permit, certificate or other 
governmental approval. 
l. You employ an individual who is not legally eligible for employment in the 
United States. 
m. You fail to operate your Ivan Ramen Restaurant during the days and hours 
specified in our Brand Standards without our advance written approval. 
n. You default under any agreement between you and the landlord of your 
Restaurant Location and do not cure within the time provided in the lease. 
o. You fail to maintain and operate your Restaurant and any delivery vehicles in 
a good, clean and sound manner, in strict compliance with our standards. 
p. You do not engage and have us train a successor or replacement Operations 
Manager or Trainer. 
