 
 
- 7 - 
advance written approval. You agree to pay all costs of direct account debit, electronic funds 
transfer or other similar technology we designate. 
D. 
You agree to pay us or our affiliates interest on any overdue amounts owed to us or our 
affiliates (under this or any other agreement) at the maximum commercial contract interest rate 
permitted by law. If there is no applicable legal maximum rate, interest will be calculated at the rate 
of seven percent (7%) per annum and be payable on the fifteenth day of each month that an 
amount is past due. This provision does not constitute consent to late payments or an agreement 
to extend credit. If you are delinquent in any required payment, in addition to the interest described 
above, you will pay a late fee of three percent (3%) of the overdue amount, and we or our affiliate 
may apply any payment from you to any obligation due in whatever order and for whatever 
purposes as we determine, whether or not there is any contrary designation by you. In the event 
that you are eligible to receive any payments from us pursuant to an incentive program, we may 
apply such incentive payments to offset any of your past due indebtedness to us. We may also set-
off any amounts you or your owners owe us or our affiliates against any amounts we or our 
affiliates owe you or your owners. You may not withhold, set-off or recoup payment of any amount 
due on the grounds of the alleged non-performance or breach of any of our or our affiliates' 
obligations under this or any other agreement. 
E. 
In addition to all other payments under this Agreement, you agree to pay us or our affiliates 
immediately upon demand: (a) all sales taxes, trademark license taxes, gross receipts taxes and 
any other taxes imposed on or required to be collected or paid by us, our affiliates and/or our third 
party designees (as applicable) (excluding any corporate income taxes imposed on us, our 
affiliates and/or our third party designees) because we, our affiliates and/or our third party 
designees (as applicable) have furnished programs or services to you, collected any fee from you, 
licensed our Proprietary Marks to you and/or entered into this Agreement with you; (b) all amounts 
we advance, pay or become obligated to pay on your behalf for any reason; and, (c) any amount to 
reimburse us for costs and commissions paid or due to a collection agency or in connection with 
our collection efforts; and (d) all amounts you owe us or our affiliates for programs, products or 
services that you purchase from us or our affiliates. 
6. SITE SELECTION, CONSTRUCTION, TRADE DRESS AND LEASE REQUIREMENTS 
6.01 
 Restaurant Location 
A. 
You may operate your franchised Business only from your Restaurant premises 
location (the “Location”). You may use the Location for no other purpose than the operation of the 
franchised Business. We must approve your Location, in our sole business judgment. 
If we license you to operate more than one franchised Business, you may employ a single 
business office for all your Businesses, so long as the office is within the Territory of one of your 
franchised Businesses and no more than one hour's driving time from the farthest boundary of 
each of your Territories. 
B. 
If you have suggested a Location which we have approved before the execution of 
this Agreement, then the address of that Location will be set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement. If 
you have not suggested a Location which we have approved before the execution of this 
Agreement, then the following provisions will apply: 
We will furnish to you our Restaurant site selection criteria and/or suggestions following the 
execution of this Agreement. You agree to use your best efforts to find an acceptable Location 
within the Territory. You must comply with all our Restaurant specifications, requirements and 
restrictions. The Location will be subject to our advance written approval, and our determination 
will be final. We may require you to submit maps, completed checklists, photographs, diagrams of 
the premises with measurements and other information and materials which we may reasonably 
require to evaluate your proposed Location. After you present a proposed site to us including all 
information we request, we will have 3 weeks to approve or disapprove the proposed site. 
