 
- 15 - 
on your Restaurant and property in an amount adequate to replace them in case of an insured loss; 
(3) Business interruption insurance in sufficient amounts to cover your Restaurant rental expenses, 
maintenance of competent personnel and other fixed expenses for a minimum of 120 days;  (4) If 
any vehicle is operated in connection with the Business, automobile liability insurance (including 
coverage for all owned, non-owned, leased or hired vehicles) with minimum limits of liability in the 
greater of (a) the greatest amount required by any applicable federal, state or local law, or 
(b) $1,000,000 for each person killed or injured and, subject to that limit for each person, a total 
minimum of $2,000,000, along with a minimum limit of $3,000,000 for injury, destruction or loss of 
use of property of third persons as a result of any one accident; (5) Workers’ compensation, 
employer’s liability and any other employee insurance required by any applicable federal, state or 
local law, rule or regulation (but in no event less than $1,000,000 for employer’s liability insurance); 
(6) employment practices liability insurance coverage of at least $250,000; (7) In connection with the 
construction, refurbishment, renovation, remodeling or upgrading of your franchised Restaurant, 
builders’ and/or contractor’s insurance (as applicable) and performance and completion bonds in 
forms and amounts acceptable to us; and, (8) Insurance coverage of such types, nature and scope 
sufficient to satisfy your indemnification obligations under this Agreement. 
You must participate in, and comply with the requirements of, any gift card, gift certificate, customer 
loyalty or retention program that we (or our affiliates) implement, at your expense, for all or part of 
our franchise system and shall sign the forms and take the other action that we require in order for 
you to participate in such programs. Without limitation, you must honor coupons, gift cards, gift 
certificates, or vouchers sold or distributed by other Restaurants and must utilize a vendor approved 
by us for gift card processing. You may not offer any coupon without our prior written approval. 
We will provide you with specifications governing the minimum standards of certain products, 
services or equipment you procure from unrelated third parties in our Brand Standards or in other 
written notices we transmit to you. We may modify our specifications in writing, and may add new 
specifications in writing. You may purchase these items from any supplier whose product, service or 
equipment meets our specifications. You must require all of your advertising, promotional materials, 
signs, decorations, paper goods (including disposable food containers, napkins, menus, and all 
forms and stationery used in or by your franchised Business), and all other items we may designate, 
to feature and bear the Proprietary Marks in the form, color, location and manner we prescribe. 
We issue and modify specifications in writing, through our Brand Standards or other written notices 
to franchisees. 
We do not maintain written criteria for approving suppliers, and thus these criteria are not available 
to you or your proposed supplier. If we name a supplier for a product or service, you may contract 
with an alternative supplier if you meet our criteria. To obtain our written approval for the alternative 
supplier: 
• 
You must submit a written request to us for approval of the supplier. 
• 
The supplier must meet our specifications to our reasonable satisfaction. 
• 
The supplier must demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction that it is in good standing in the 
business community for financial soundness and reliability of its product or service. 
We may test, at your expense, the product or service of any supplier you propose, whether or not 
the supplier is then approved by us. We will give you notice of our approval or disapproval within 30 
days. If we test the product or service, the cost to you of testing will range from $1,000 to $1,500, 
depending on the nature and complexity of the testing necessary for the product or service. If we 
revoke approval of any supplier, we will give you written notice (in our Brand Standards or otherwise). 
We currently negotiate no purchase arrangements with suppliers for the benefit of franchisees. There 
are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We provide you with no material benefits (such as 
granting additional franchises) based on your use of designated or approved sources. We and our 
affiliates receive no payments or rebates from any supplier, nor do we or our affiliates receive any 
