 
 
- 35 - 
governmental agency or entity have been paid, and that if you are a business entity, there is no 
reason to believe that your entity’s status has been impaired. 
E. 
You must also provide any other information that we reasonably request from time 
to time. 
F.  
If you do not timely furnish to us any of the financial statements or tax returns 
required above in this Article 11 then you agree to pay us a late charge of $50 per month that each 
financial statement or tax return is overdue. We may also in such circumstance elect to terminate 
this Agreement upon giving you notice and an opportunity to cure your default. 
G. 
You authorize us to incorporate in our franchise disclosure document and/or 
promotional literature information derived from the above financial statements, so long as you or 
your Business are not individually identified. 
11.02 Financial Records and Audit 
A. 
You agree to record all Gross Revenues received by and all expenditures made by 
you or your franchised Business. You further agree to keep and maintain adequate records of all 
such Gross Revenues and expenditures and to maintain accurate books, records and tax returns, 
including related supporting material (such as cash receipts, and credit and charge records) for 
your franchised Business. We may specify, in our Brand Standards or otherwise, the forms and 
media that you will be required to use in recording your franchised Business’ Gross Revenues and 
expenditures. You agree to keep and preserve for seven years (or such longer period as may be 
required by any law, rule or regulation) the types and classes of electronic and/or other books, 
records and tax returns that we specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise, along with all 
business, personnel, financial and operating records, in any media, relating to your franchised 
Business. If you do not maintain the required records, this will be a material and incurable breach 
of this Agreement which, unless we waive the breach, will entitle us to terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon notice to you, with no opportunity to cure. 
B. 
We and/or our agents (who may be outside accountants and auditors), designees 
and/or employees will have the right, at any time, with or without written notice, during normal 
business hours, to enter your Restaurant and any other offices at which the Business is 
administered, in a fashion calculated not to disrupt your Restaurant’s and Business’s operations, to 
inspect, audit and make copies of all records including, but not limited to, the following: books of 
accounts; bank statements; cash or other receipts; checkbooks; documents; records; sales and 
income tax returns (federal, state, foreign and, if applicable, city); and, your files relating to 
programs, services and products sold, business transacted and expenditures relating to the 
Business. These files must include (without limitation) your operating records; bookkeeping and 
accounting records; customer lists; customer job orders; operating records; operating reports; 
correspondence; general business records; your copy of the Brand Standards (as amended); 
invoices; payroll records; journals; ledgers; files; memoranda and other correspondence; contracts; 
and, all sources and supporting records used to prepare the reports and forms which you are 
required to submit to us under this Agreement, including the books or records of any business 
entity which owns the franchised Business. You agree to make any of these materials available for 
examination at your offices. Alternatively, we may determine to conduct any such audit either at 
our offices or at the office of a designee of ours and, if we do, you will be required to transmit some 
or all of the foregoing books and records to us or our designee. In addition to the foregoing, we 
may require you to scan and electronically transmit to us such volume of the above-referenced 
records, files and documents as will not unreasonably burden the franchised Business. 
C. 
If an audit reveals that you understated the Gross Revenues on your monthly 
reports to us by any amount for any month within the period of examination, or for the entire period 
of examination, when compared to your actual Gross Revenues, then you agree to immediately 
pay us the additional amount payable as shown by the audit, plus interest calculated as provided in 
subsection 5.06(D). If an audit reveals that you understated the Gross Revenues on your monthly 
reports to us by two percent (2%) or more for any month within the period of examination, or for the 
