 
- 26 - 
systems; (2) the manner in which your computer and Point of Sale systems interface with our and 
any third party’s computer system; and (3) any and all consequences if the computer and Point of 
Sale systems are not properly operated, maintained, and upgraded.  
You must provide all assistance we require to bring your computer and Point of Sale systems on-
line with our headquarters computers at the earliest possible time and to maintain this connection as 
we require. You must input and maintain in your computer and Point of Sale systems all data and 
information which we prescribe in our Brand Standards, in our proprietary software and manuals (if 
any), and otherwise. We may retrieve from your computer and Point of Sale systems all information 
that we consider necessary, desirable or appropriate. We will bear the telephone costs of this 
information retrieval. You must accurately, consistently and completely record, structure, capture 
and provide through the computer and Point of Sale systems all information concerning the operation 
of the franchised Business that we require, in the form and at the intervals that we require, and allow 
us independent access to such data, such as data on your purchases and on your sales by day-part. 
We may also from time to time adjust requirements pertaining to capturing and relaying to us 
customer information and data. There are no contractual limitations on our right to access the 
information in your computer and Point of Sale systems. 
If we develop any proprietary software as part of the System, you must use our proprietary software 
programs and sign our standard form Software License Agreement (Exhibit D to the Franchise 
Agreement) when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee includes the 
purchase price. You pay for any future updates or revisions. You must buy new or upgraded 
programs and materials from us if we adopt them system-wide, at the prices we set (separate and 
apart from any System Technology Fee we may require from time to time). You agree to use 
proprietary software and software support services that either we develop and provide or which are 
provided by a third party supplier we designate, and you will execute any standard form software 
license agreement reasonably necessary to do so. The current expense required to obtain the 
required POS software from Toast (a third-party, unaffiliated, designated supplier) is set forth in Item 
6. You agree to purchase from us or our designee, as applicable, new, upgraded or substitute 
proprietary software whenever we determine to adopt them systemwide, at the prices and on the 
terms that we or such third party vendor establish. You will pay for new or updated programs and 
materials when you order them. (Franchise Agreement, Section 8.08) 
If we or our affiliates implement any gift card, gift certificate, customer loyalty or retention program, 
you must purchase any required software, hardware or materials to participate in that program that 
meets our specifications. (Franchise Agreement, Section 8.26) 
The following is a general description of our computer and Point of Sale systems: a Restaurant will 
typically require four POS terminals (though it may vary by Restaurant size), all provided by Toast, 
and with credit card merchant vendor processing capabilities as provided only by Toast, in order to 
charge customers, input and record their orders, keep the necessary records of all purchases made 
and sales records by day/hour part, mix of items sold, and labor tracking. The computer and POS 
systems will cost approximately $3,600 - - which estimate includes $3,000 to start and the first 
month’s $600 monthly fee for the point of sale hardware and software. If the franchisee purchases 
additional terminals the cost is approximately $1,200 more. 
You must keep your computer and Point of Sale systems in good maintenance and repair. If we run 
tests and determine that the installation will benefit you and us, you must install (at your own 
expense) whatever additions, changes, substitutions and replacements to your computer hardware, 
software, telephone and power lines, etc. we direct. You must install these items when we direct. 
You will pay for these items at the time and upon the terms that the sellers specify. There is no 
contractual limit on our ability to require you to upgrade the system, add components to the system 
and replace components of the system. You must incur the costs of obtaining computer hardware 
and software comprising the computer and Point of Sale systems or required service or support 
(which might include fees payable to us and/or our affiliates). Even though we cannot estimate these 
future costs (because technology in the industry may change rapidly) and even though these costs 
