 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024 
 
NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 
 
Ownership Transfer 
On January 1, 2024, 100% of the ownership of the Company was transferred to a related party, Ivan Ramen 
Holdings Co., LLC. 
 
NOTE 6 – COMMITMENTS 
 
License Agreement  
In September of 2023, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with the Licensee (an 
unrelated entity) for the use of the registered name "Ivan Ramen" (the "license agreement") in the United 
Kingdom. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company gave the Licensee the right to operate "Ivan 
Ramen" franchises, and the right to earn franchise fees, royalties and other fees from franchisees in the 
United Kingdom on behalf of the Company under the Master Franchise Agreement. The Licensor will not 
license the trademarks and/or confidential information to any third parties for the purpose of operating a 
competing franchise system. Under this agreement, the Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor an initial fee of 
one pound plus any value added tax and a continuing licensing fee equal to 5% of each of Licensee’s prior 
fiscal year’s proceeds less the onboarding fee.  
 
Franchise Agreement 
In March 2024, the Company entered into a franchise agreement with the Licensee (an unrelated entity) for 
the use of the registered name "Ivan Ramen" (the "license agreement") in a hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
Pursuant to the franchise agreement, the licensee acquired the right to operate "Ivan Ramen" franchises, 
and the right to earn franchise fees, royalties and other fees from franchisees. The Licensee will not license 
the trademarks and/or confidential information to any third parties for the purpose of operating a competing 
franchise system. Under this agreement, the Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor an initial fee of $25,000 
and a continuing licensing fee equal to 5% of each of Licensee’s prior months generated revenue.  
  
NOTE 7 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through March 10, 2025, the date that the financial 
statements were available to be issued. There were no material subsequent events that require disclosure 
except as disclosed below. 
 
In February of 2025, subsequent to year end, one of the owners of the Company contributed $120,000 to 
the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 
