 
 
Page 13 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
and other materials in the manner that we specify and require from time to time, in our Brand 
Standards or otherwise. 
All of our obligations under this Agreement are to you alone and no other party is entitled to 
rely on, enforce or obtain relief for breach of any of our obligations hereunder, either directly or by 
subrogation. 
14.02 Your Required Means of Identification 
You agree that you will do business and be identified as an Area Developer or area 
developer, but not an agent of, Ivan Ramen Franchising LLC. 
15. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
15.01 Termination By Us – Automatic Termination Without Notice 
You will be in default of this Agreement, and all rights granted in this Agreement will 
immediately and automatically terminate and revert to us without notice to you, if: you or any of the 
Businesses is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; all or a substantial part of the assets thereof are 
assigned to or for the benefit of any creditor; a petition in bankruptcy is filed by or against you or any 
of the Businesses and is not immediately contested and/or dismissed within sixty days from filing; a 
bill in equity or other proceeding for the appointment of a receiver or other custodian of you, any of 
the Businesses or assets of either is filed and consented to by you; a receiver or other custodian 
(permanent or temporary) of all or part of your assets or property is appointed by any court of 
competent jurisdiction; proceedings for a composition with creditors under any state or federal law 
are instituted by or against you or any of the Businesses; you are dissolved; execution is levied 
against you, any of the Businesses or your property; or, the real or personal property of or any of the 
Businesses is sold after levy thereon by any governmental body or agency, sheriff, marshal or 
constable. 
15.02 Termination By Us Upon Notice – No Opportunity To Cure 
You will have materially breached this Agreement and we will have the right to terminate this 
Agreement and all rights granted under this Agreement, without giving you any opportunity to cure 
the breach, effective immediately upon your receipt of notice (which, whether sent by certified mail, 
registered mail, overnight courier or personal physical delivery, will be deemed to have been received 
by you upon delivery or first attempted delivery of the notice to you) upon the occurrence of any of 
the following events: 
1. 
You omitted or misrepresented any material fact in the information that you furnished 
to us in connection with our decision to enter into this Agreement. 
2. 
We and you agree in writing to terminate this Agreement. 
3. 
You (or any principal of a corporate, partnership, proprietorship or other entity 
franchisee) are convicted of a felony, fraud, crime involving moral turpitude, or any 
other crime or offense which we reasonably believe is related to your duties under 
this Agreement and/or your operation of any of the Businesses, or is likely to have an 
adverse effect on the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System, the Proprietary Marks, the 
goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks or our interest in the System or 
Proprietary Marks. 
4. 
You (or any principal of a corporate, partnership, proprietorship or other entity 
franchisee) purport to transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement, any 
interest in you or any of the Businesses to any third party in violation of the terms of 
this Agreement. 
