 
 
- 9 - 
8.10 below nor render us liable in any fashion or to any extent for any liabilities engendered 
thereby. 
You must use your best efforts to complete the construction or conversion of your Restaurant 
promptly. You must provide us with comprehensive information regarding all phases of the 
development process of the Location as we may require, such as weekly progress reports during 
conversion, in the format we designate. This information will include (without limitation and as 
applicable) the names, addresses and telephone numbers of your architect, civil engineer, 
surveyor, general contractor, subcontractors, principal vendors and environmental consultant, and 
the primary contact for each; copies of all permits, licenses, contractor’s liability insurance 
certificates and other similar items required for the conversion of your Restaurant; and, copies of all 
construction or remodeling contracts and documents, along with originals of all lien waivers and 
copies of all invoices. These requirements will also apply to any construction, remodeling, 
renovation or refurnishing of your Restaurant at any time after it opens. 
We will not be responsible for delays in construction, conversion, remodeling, equipping or 
decoration or for any loss resulting from your Restaurant’s plans that you furnished to us pursuant 
to Section 6.03 before implementing the changes. You hereby grant us access to your Location 
while work is in progress. We may require any reasonable modifications of the construction of your 
Restaurant that we consider necessary or desirable in our reasonable business judgment. If you 
fail to promptly begin the design, construction, equipping and opening of your Restaurant with due 
diligence, we may elect to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you.  All signs at 
your Restaurant must conform to our sign criteria, unless you demonstrate good cause and we 
consent in writing to such non-conformance.   
You will notify us of the scheduled date for completion of construction no later than ninety (90) 
days prior to such date. When construction is complete and before you open your Restaurant, your 
architect and general contractor must provide us with a certificate stating that the as-built plans for 
the Restaurant fully comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”); the architectural 
guidelines under the ADA; and, all other laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances applicable 
to the Restaurant and the Location, including any requirements set forth in the Lease for the 
Location. 
We will have the right, but not the obligation, to conduct a final inspection of the completed 
Restaurant before it opens. We may require any corrections and modifications we consider 
reasonable and necessary to bring the Restaurant into compliance with the plans and 
specifications we approved. The Restaurant will not be allowed to open if the Restaurant does not 
conform to the approved plans and specifications, including changes thereto that we may approve. 
6.04 
Specifications and Sources of Supply 
We will provide you with a sample layout or schematic for the interior of a prototype or sample 
Restaurant and a set of typical preliminary plans and specifications for, and, where we have certain 
specifications, the approved sources of supply of your Restaurant’s furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
signs, certain kitchen equipment, Point of Sale system, and/or other trade dress elements. We 
reserve the right to be (and earn a profit as) an approved source or the only approved source of 
certain of your Restaurant’s furniture, fixtures, equipment, décor, artwork, design elements, 
aesthetics, and/or other trade dress elements and to earn a profit from such activity. If we have not 
specified a source of supply for any such item, then you may purchase that item from any source, 
so long as the items purchased are in strict accordance with any specifications concerning the item 
which we have issued in the Brand Standards or otherwise. You must obtain our advance written 
consent before deviating in any fashion from our specifications.  If you wish to so deviate, you must 
give us at least three (3) weeks written notice with the details of all deviations to review and 
approve any deviations you wish to make from the sample / prototype layout or specifications we 
provide in this regard, and may not commence construction or buildout until you have done so and 
we have approved such deviations in writing. 
