 
- 36 - 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Copyrights 
We hold no rights in, or licenses to, patents that are material to the franchise and have no pending 
patent applications that are material to the franchise.  
We claim copyrights on certain software, forms, advertisements, promotional materials and other 
written materials. We also claim copyrights and other proprietary rights in the Ivan Ramen 
Confidential Operating Brand Standards. We have not applied for registration of any copyrights that 
are material to the franchise. 
Our affiliate, Ivan Ramen USA, LLC, owns an exclusive license in perpetuity to use certain artwork 
and logo materials created by an artist who owns the copyrights on such materials and was hired by 
our affiliate to create such materials, which our affiliate has sublicensed to us and which we may 
sublicense to you for use solely in your Ivan Ramen Restaurant(s).  
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any of our 
copyrights. Also, there are no currently effective determinations of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office, Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any court pertaining to or affecting any 
of our copyrights discussed above. Finally, as of the date of this disclosure document, we are 
unaware of any infringing uses of or superior previous rights to any of our copyrights which could 
materially affect your use of them in this state or in the state in which the franchised Ivan Ramen 
Business will be located. 
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the obligations 
for Proprietary Marks described in Item 13 of this disclosure document. 
Confidential Information 
You may never – during the Initial Term, any Successor Term, or after the Franchise Agreement 
expires or is terminated – reveal any of our confidential information to another person or use it for 
any other person or business. You may not copy any of our confidential information or give it to a 
third party except as we authorize. The same restrictions apply with respect to the Area Development 
Agreement. 
Under the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement, the following persons must sign 
our Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement (Exhibit E-1 to the Franchise Agreement): 
• 
Before employment or any promotion, your Operations Manager, your Trainer, and all other 
managerial personnel; and 
• 
If you are a business entity, and as applicable, all of your owners, equity holders, control 
persons, shareholders, members, partners and general partner(s); all of your officers, 
directors and managers; and, all persons possessing equivalent positions in any business 
entity which directly or indirectly owns and/or controls you. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, all of your other, non-managerial personnel must sign our 
Confidentiality Agreement (Exhibit E-2 to the Franchise Agreement). 
Our confidential information will include information, knowledge, trade secrets or know-how used or 
embraced by the Ivan Ramen System, the Brand Standards, and many other matters specified in 
the Franchise Agreement. 
You must irrevocably license to us all intellectual property, services, products, equipment, programs, 
sales, marketing, advertising and promotional programs, campaigns or materials, and sales methods 
you develop for the Business. We will not be liable to you in any way because of this license. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
 
