 
 
- 30 - 
regulation (but in no event less than $1,000,000 for employer’s liability 
insurance). 
6. 
Employment practices liability insurance coverage of at least $250,000. 
7. 
In connection with the construction, refurbishment, renovation, remodeling or 
upgrading of your franchised Restaurant, builders’ and/or contractor’s 
insurance (as applicable) and performance and completion bonds in forms 
and amounts acceptable to us.  
8. 
Insurance coverage of such types, nature and scope sufficient to satisfy your 
indemnification obligations under this Agreement. 
B. 
The insurance coverage that you acquire and maintain under this Article 9 must: 
1. 
Name us and the other Franchisor Parties identified in Section 8.10 as 
additional insureds and provide that the coverage afforded applies 
separately to each insured against whom a claim is brought as though a 
separate policy had been issued to each insured (except for workers’ 
compensation, employer’s liability and any other employee-related insurance 
mandated by any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation). 
2. 
Contain no provision which in any way limits or reduces coverage for you if 
there is a claim by one or more of the Franchisor Parties. 
3. 
Extend to and provide indemnity for all obligations assumed by you under 
this Agreement and all other items for which you are required to indemnify us 
under this Agreement. 
4. 
Contains such endorsements as we may specify from time to time in the 
Brand Standards.   
5. 
Be primary to and without right of contribution from any other insurance 
purchased by the Franchisor Parties. 
6. 
Provide, by endorsement, that we are entitled to receive at least 30 days 
prior written notice of any intent to reduce policy limits, restrict coverage, 
modify, cancel, not renew or otherwise alter or amend the policy. 
7. 
Contain a waiver of subrogation rights against us, the other Franchisor 
Parties identified in Section 8.10 and any of our successors and/or assigns. 
8. 
Be obtained from responsible insurance carriers acceptable to us which 
possess an A.M. Best’s Insurance Guide rating of no less than “A+”. 
9. 
All public liability policies may be required by us to contain a provision that 
although we are named as an additional insured, we are nevertheless 
entitled to recover under said policies on any loss occasioned to us or the 
other Franchisor Parties by reason of your negligence or that of your 
servants, agents or employees. 
C. 
All liability insurance you are required to maintain will insure against our vicarious or 
imputed liability for actual and (unless prohibited by applicable law) punitive damages assessed 
against you, us and/or the other Franchisor Parties. 
D. 
You agree not to reduce the policy limits, restrict coverage, cancel or otherwise alter 
or amend any required insurance policy without our specific advance written consent, which may 
be denied for any or no reason. 
