 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024 
 
NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 
 
Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC (the "Company") was formed on July 12, 2021, as a Delaware limited 
liability company to sell franchises pursuant to a non-exclusive license agreement executed in August 
2021, between the Company and Ivan Ramen IP Holdings, LLC (the "Licensor"), an entity related to the 
Company by common ownership and control. Pursuant to the Company's standard franchise agreement, 
franchisees will operate a business under the "Ivan Ramen" name and system that will offer casual dining 
restaurants specializing in the sale of ramen dishes as American Izakaya style dining. The Company has 
not had significant operations through March 10, 2025, the date on which the financial statement was 
available to be issued, and has not executed any franchise agreements as of that date except as disclosed 
in Note 5 and 6. The Company's members are not liable for the debts, obligations or other liabilities of the 
Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, solely by reason of being a member. Effective 
January 1, 2024, 100% of the ownership of the Company was transferred to Ivan Ramen Holdings Co., 
LLC. 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
Basis of presentation 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash equivalents may include time deposits, certificates of 
deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. 
 
Use of estimates 
The preparation of a financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in 
the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Income taxes 
  The Company is organized as a limited liability company and operated as a partnership. On January 1, 
2024, 100% of the Company was transferred to a related party making it now a single member limited 
liability company. The Company is not subject to income tax; rather, any income or loss generated by the 
Company pass through to the parent company. The Company’s tax returns are filed in the U.S. federal 
jurisdiction and various states. Furthermore, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits for the year 
ended December 31, 2024.  Tax returns for the year 2021 and after are open for examination by the Internal 
Revenue Service. 
Uncertain tax positions 
The Company recognizes and measures its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance  with Financial 
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740, Income Taxes. Under that 
guidance, management assesses the likelihood that tax positions will be sustained upon examination based 
on the facts, circumstances and information, including the technical merits of those positions, available at 
the end of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new information is 
available or when an event occurs that requires a change. There were no uncertain tax positions at December 
31, 2024. 
Page 7 
