 
 
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Area Development Agreement, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the Area Development Agreement 
or New York law if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. The Area Development 
Agreement will be governed by Indiana law, rather than New York law, as stated in Section 18.12 
of the Area Development Agreement (“Governing Law”). 
 
2. 
Venue for litigation will not be limited to New York, as specified in Section 18.13 of the Area 
Development Agreement (“Venue”). 
 
3. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the area franchise 
without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined therein as a material breach of the 
area development agreement, will supersede the provisions of Article 15 of the Area 
Development Agreement (“Default and Termination”) in the State of Indiana to the extent they 
may be inconsistent with such prohibition. 
 
4. 
No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of 
the State of Indiana. 
 
5. 
Section 11.02 of the Area Development Agreement ("Enforcement of Covenants Not to 
Compete") will not apply to area franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
6. 
Section 18.04 of the Area Development Agreement ("Our Withholding of Consent – Your 
Exclusive Remedy ") will not apply to area franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
7. 
Section 11.01 of the Area Development Agreement (“Covenants Not to Compete”) is revised to 
limit the geographical extent of the post-term covenant not to compete to Area Developer's 
Development Territory for all area franchises sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
8. 
Section 13.03 of the Area Development Agreement ("Injunction") will not apply to area franchises 
offered and sold in the State of Indiana. 
 
9. 
Section 18.14 (“Punitive Damages”) is deleted from the Area Development Agreement. 
 
10. Notwithstanding 
the 
terms 
of 
Section 
9.03 
of 
the 
Area 
Development 
Agreement 
(“Indemnification”), Area Developer will not be required to indemnify Franchisor and the other 
Indemnitees for any liability caused by Area Developer’s proper reliance on or use of procedures 
or materials provided by Franchisor or caused by Franchisor’s negligence. 
 
11.  No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee (or area 
developer) in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
