 
 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply: 
 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
1, 
Franchisor will protect your right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, 
logotypes or other commercial symbols and/or indemnify you from any loss, costs or 
expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
 
ITEM 17. 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
1. 
Minn. Stat. §80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit the Franchisor from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you 
to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition, 
nothing in the disclosure document or agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce any of your 
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, 
forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
 
2. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or any 
other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising 
of the State of Minnesota. 
 
3. 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non-renewal rights.  
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain 
specified cases, that franchisee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to 
cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement as modified by the Minnesota Addendum to 
the Franchise Agreement, you agree that if you engage in any non-compliance with the 
terms of the Franchise Agreement  or unauthorized or improper use of the System or 
Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, we will be entitled to seek 
both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of competent 
jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies which we may have at law, and you consent to 
the seeking of these temporary and permanent injunctions." 
 
5. 
Any claims arising under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C must be brought within three 
years after the cause of action accrues. 
 
OTHER 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
