 
 
- 12 - 
additional charge, provided that they are all fully trained by us concurrently in the same Initial 
Training Program session. 
If we reasonably conclude in our business judgment that either your head Chef or your Operations 
Manager or Trainer has failed to attend or successfully complete our Initial Training Program to our 
satisfaction in our business judgment, then that person may re-enroll in our next scheduled Initial 
Training Program at no additional charge. We will have the right to terminate this Agreement if, 
following your Initial Training Program (including re-enrollment training), we determine that your 
head Chef or your Operations Manager or Trainer has failed to attend or successfully complete our 
Initial Training Program to our satisfaction, in our business judgment. This failure will be a material 
and incurable breach of this Agreement which, unless we waive the breach, will entitle us to 
terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you, with no opportunity to cure. If we 
terminate the Agreement for this reason, then all funds you paid us will be considered earned by us 
and shall not be refunded.  
You must pay an additional charge to us for providing the Initial Training Program to additional or 
replacement personnel beyond the total of up to six whom we initially, concurrently train as 
described above.  This charge will be no greater than $2,500 per person who receives such 
additional Initial Training Program. This training is required of any replacement Operations 
Managers, replacement Trainer(s), and replacement head Chefs of your Restaurant. 
We reserve the right at all of our training programs to determine the duration of such programs, 
what subjects are included in the curriculum of our training programs and to train any number of 
individuals from any number of Businesses, whether franchised or otherwise affiliated with us, at 
the same time. Under no circumstance will you be compensated for any work your trainees may 
perform or services your trainees may render in the course of participating in any of our training 
programs. We reserve the right to furnish our training programs by means of a company intranet or 
other electronic means of communication (such as web-based tutorials, video streaming, or 
through other now or hereafter developed media). 
At all times during the term of this Agreement, you agree to pay all the expenses incurred by each 
of your trainees or attendees in connection with any training, conferences, conventions or other 
meetings they attend, including, but not limited to, their salaries, transportation costs, meals, 
lodging and other living expenses. 
7.03 
On-Site Training or Assistance 
With respect to the preparation for opening and opening of your Restaurant, we will provide a chief 
management level employee of ours or another senior representative of ours, for up to five (5) 
business days, to assist you with such on-site pre-opening as well as opening assistance as we 
deem appropriate and advisable in our business judgment; provided, that: (a) we shall have the 
right to determine to provide the pre-opening portion of such “on-site” assistance at a location other 
than your Location (such as our own affiliated-owned Restaurant or our training facilities in New 
York City), require you to travel to such location for such purpose at your own cost and expense, 
and to have such training or assistance have such duration as we determine (but not more than 
five business days); and (b) you must also reimburse us for any related expenses incurred by our 
representatives in providing such assistance to you, such as their costs of travel, lodging, and 
meals. Beyond the foregoing, if you request our further pre-opening and opening assistance, or we 
otherwise deem such assistance appropriate, we may charge a reasonable fee for our services, in 
addition to requiring you to pay or reimburse us for any expenses incurred by our employees or 
representatives, and you agree that the fees described in this Section are reasonable.  
After any pre-opening and opening assistance we provide, you may request on-site training or 
assistance at any time in accordance with guidelines we may specify in the Brand Standards or 
otherwise. We will not be obligated to provide such on-site training or assistance, but if we elect to 
do so, we may impose a fee for each day of on-site training or assistance we agree to provide, up 
to $2,500 per day. The timing of all advice, consultation and training provided for in this Agreement 
will be subject to the availability of our personnel and our business judgment. 
