 
 
- 64 - 
20. UNAVOIDABLE DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM (FORCE MAJEURE) 
20.01 Unavoidable Delay or Failure to Perform (Force Majeure) 
Any delay in our or your performance of any duties under this Agreement, or any non-performance 
of such duties, that is not your or our fault (as applicable) or within your or our reasonable control – 
including, but not limited to, fire; floods, natural disasters; Acts of God; war; civil commotion; 
terrorist acts; any governmental act or regulation; any delays or defaults in deliveries by common 
carriers and/or postal services and/or overnight couriers; computer network outages; late deliveries 
or non-deliveries of goods or non-furnishing of services by third party vendors; strikes; lockouts; 
and any other similar event beyond such party's control) will not constitute a breach or cause a 
default under this Agreement, provided, however, that we or you (as applicable) will take all steps 
reasonably possible to mitigate damages caused by such failure or delay. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such failure or delay continues for more than one hundred 
and eighty (180) days, we will have the right at any time thereafter during the continuance of such 
failure or delay to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days advance written notice to you. 
 
21. APPROVALS AND WAIVER 
21.01 Approvals  
Whenever this Agreement requires you to secure our prior approval or consent, such approval or 
consent must be obtained in writing and must be timely sought.   
 
21.02 Waiver and Delay 
No waiver or delay in either party's enforcement of any breach of any term, covenant or condition 
of this Agreement will be construed as a waiver by that party of such breach or any preceding or 
succeeding breach, or any other term, covenant or condition of this Agreement. Without limiting the 
foregoing, our acceptance of any payment specified to be paid by you under this Agreement will 
not be, nor constitute, our waiver of any breach of any term, covenant or condition of this 
Agreement. 
 
We shall not be required to waive or impair any right, power, or option this Agreement reserves 
(including, without limitation, our right to demand exact compliance with every term, condition, and 
covenant or to terminate this Agreement before its term expires due to a breach) because of any 
custom or practice at variance with this Agreement’s terms; our or your failure, refusal, or neglect 
to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s compliance with this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, any System standard; our waiver of or failure to exercise 
any right, power, or option, whether of the same, similar, or different nature, with other Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants; the existence of franchise agreements for other Restaurants which contain provisions 
different from those contained in this Agreement; or, our acceptance of any payments due from 
you after any breach of this Agreement. 
 
21.03 Our Withholding of Consent – Your Exclusive Remedy 
In no event may you make any claim for money damages based on any claim or assertion that we 
have unreasonably withheld or delayed any consent or approval under this Agreement. You waive 
any such claim for damages. You may not claim any such damages by way of setoff, counterclaim 
or defense. Your sole remedy for the claim will be an action or proceeding to enforce this 
Agreement’s provisions, for specific performance or for declaratory judgment. 
 
21.04 No Warranty or Guaranty 
If we afford you a waiver, approval, consent or suggestion in connection with this Agreement, we 
do not thereby make any warranty or guarantee upon which you may rely and by doing so we 
assume no liability or obligation to you. 
