 
 
- 16 - 
(including any shareholder, general partner, limited partner, member or any type of owner), any 
officer, director, manager, or management employee of any of the foregoing, nor any funding 
source you utilize is or will be identified on the list of the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control (OFAC); is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any country that 
is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government or by any individual that is 
subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government; is acting on behalf of any 
country or individual that is subject to such an embargo; or, is involved in business arrangements 
or other transactions with any country or individual that is subject to an embargo. You agree that 
you will immediately notify us in writing immediately upon the occurrence of any event which would 
render the foregoing representations and warranties incorrect. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, you may not allow, effect or sustain any transfer, assignment or other 
disposition of this Agreement to a “Specially Designated National or Blocked Person” (as defined 
below) or to an entity in which a “Specially Designated National or Blocked Person has an interest. 
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Specially Designated National or Blocked Person” means: 
(i) a person or entity designated by OFAC (or any successor officer agency of the U.S. 
government) from time to time as a “specially designated national or blocked person” or similar 
status; (ii) a person or entity described in Section 1 of U.S. Executive Order 13224, issued on 
September 23, 2001; or, (iii) a person or entity otherwise identified by any government or legal 
authority as a person with whom you (or any of your owners or affiliates) or we (or any of our 
owners or affiliates) are prohibited from transacting business. 
You further agree that you will not hire, retain, employ or otherwise engage the services of any 
individual or entity in contravention of the Patriot Act; any law, rule or regulation pertaining to 
immigration or terrorism; or, any other legally prohibited individual or entity. 
You are solely responsible for ascertaining what actions you must take to comply with all anti-
terrorism laws, and you specifically acknowledge and agree your indemnification responsibilities as 
provided in this Agreement pertain to your obligations under this Section 8.05. Any 
misrepresentation by you under this Section 8.05. or any violation of the anti-terrorism laws by you, 
your owners, or employees will constitute grounds for immediate termination of this Agreement and 
any other agreement you have entered into with us or any of our affiliates. 
8.06 
Health, Safety and Cleanliness 
You shall meet (or exceed) and maintain the highest health standards and ratings applicable to the 
operation of your franchised Restaurant.  You shall furnish to us, within five (5) days following your 
receipt thereof, a copy of all inspection reports, warnings, citations, certificates, or ratings resulting 
from inspections of your Restaurant conducted by any federal, state, county, local or other 
governmental agency, commission and/or authority. 
You shall comply with our requirements and specifications concerning the quality, service and 
cleanliness of your Restaurant; the programs, products and services sold, offered for sale and/or 
provided at the Restaurant; and, the operation of the Restaurant under the System, as those 
requirements may be specified by us in this Agreement, in the Brand Standards or otherwise in 
writing. 
You shall permit us or our agents, at any reasonable time and with or without notice, to remove 
samples of items from your franchised Business’ inventory, or from your franchised Restaurant, 
without payment therefor, in amounts reasonably necessary for testing either by us or an 
independent laboratory to determine whether said samples meet our then-current standards and 
specifications.  We may require you to bear the costs of such testing if the supplier of the item has 
not previously been approved by us or if the sample fails to conform with our specifications. 
You shall at all times maintain your franchised Restaurant in the highest degree of sanitation, 
repair and condition.   
