 
 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
The following provisions will supersede anything to the contrary in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document or Franchise Agreement and will apply to all franchises offered and sold under the laws 
of the State of Maryland: 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
 
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has 
required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall 
be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise 
agreement. In addition, all area development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be 
deferred until the first franchise under the area development agreement opens. 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
The following sentence is added at the end of the paragraph in Item 12 concerning our reservation 
of territorial rights which begins “Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you waive and 
release any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to any of the activities described 
above”:  
 
“These waivers and releases are not intended to nor will they act as a release, 
estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. These waivers and releases will not apply to 
claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
 
ITEM 17. 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
1. 
The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer 
shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law. 
 
2. 
The laws of the State of Maryland may supersede the Franchise Agreement, including the 
areas of termination and renewal of the Franchise. 
 
3. 
A franchisee may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brought within three years after the grant of the 
Franchise. 
 
4. 
The provision of the Franchise Agreement that provides for termination upon your 
bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101 et 
seq.). 
 
OTHER 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
If the franchise agreement or any agreement executed by the franchisee in connection therewith 
(including but not limited to, if applicable, an area development agreement), includes any 
