 
 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will 
supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of California: 
 
 
1. In Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement (“Covenant Not to Compete”), in the third paragraph 
thereof (which commences with the words “Further, during…”), the “no-poach” clause is removed – that 
is, the following specific words are removed: “(i) solicit for employment or hire our management 
personnel, the management personnel of any of our affiliates or the management personnel of any 
other franchised Business without first obtaining any written permission from us and the employer(s) of 
the personnel in question, or (ii)”.  The remainder of the paragraph remains as is. 
 
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance 
on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
3.  California Business and Professions Code 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the franchisee 
concerning transfer, termination, or non-renewal of a franchise. If the franchise agreement contains a 
provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.  
 
4. With respect to franchises sold in California, upon the termination or nonrenewal of a franchise, a 
franchisor may offset against the amounts owed to a franchisee under Section 20022 of the California 
Business and Professions Code any amounts owed by the franchisee to the franchisor, provided the 
franchisee agrees to the amount owed or the franchisor has received a final adjudication of any 
amounts owed. Such proviso shall apply notwithstanding the Franchisor's general right of set-off 
referred to in Section 5.06(D) of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
5. With respect to franchises sold in California, a franchisor is prohibited from modifying a franchise 
agreement, or requiring a general release, in exchange for any assistance related to a declared state or 
federal emergency. 
 
6. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have the same force 
and effect as originals. 
 
 
[signature page follows] 
