 
- 24 - 
System. If franchisees request, we will provide them with an annual accounting of how advertising 
funds are spent, as stated in the paragraph immediately above. 
We can use whatever media, create whatever programs and allocate advertising funds to whatever 
regions or localities we consider appropriate. The allocation may include rebates to individual 
franchisees of some or all of their Fund contributions for local advertising expenditures if, in our 
judgment, our national or regional advertising program or campaign cannot effectively advertise or 
promote in certain regions or communities. If we determine that the total Ivan Ramen Fund 
Contributions collected from all Ivan Ramen franchisees and company-owned units is insufficient to 
sustain a meaningful regional or national advertising campaign, we may rebate all or a portion of the 
Fund contributions to franchisees and our (or our affiliates’) company-owned units on a proportionate 
basis. You must spend any rebate on the types of local advertising and media that we determine (or, 
if we direct, in accordance with the local advertising and promotion requirements of the Franchise 
Agreement) according to a plan and budget we review and approve in advance. You must document 
all rebate advertising expenditures to us in a monthly rebate advertising expenditure report form. 
The Fund will not be used for any activity whose sole purpose is the sale of franchises. However, 
the design and maintenance of our Web site (for which Fund monies may be used) may include 
information and solicitations for prospective franchisees and public relations and community 
involvement activities which may result in greater awareness of the Ivan Ramen brand and the 
franchise opportunity. 
Although we intend the Fund to be perpetual we can terminate the Fund. We will not terminate the 
Fund until it has spent all money in the Fund for advertising and promotional purposes. 
Each Ivan Ramen Business which we or our affiliates may in the future establish and operate will 
contribute to the Fund a percentage of its Gross Revenues identical to the percentage which then 
prevails for Ivan Ramen franchisees. The franchisee could be required to contribute up to 1.5% of 
Gross Sales to the Fund. 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we have not yet established a System Brand Fund or 
Regional Brand Fund. Therefore, we cannot yet report any figures regarding what percentages, 
during our most recently concluded fiscal year, we spent of the Fund on any particular type(s) of 
expenditures. 
Advertising Council 
There is no advertising council composed of franchisees. The Franchise Agreement does not give 
us the power to form, change, or dissolve a franchisee advertising council.  
Other Advertising Information 
There is no obligation for us to maintain any advertising program or to spend any amount on 
advertising in your area or territory. We currently advertise using internet (but may in the future also 
use print, radio and television or other media), with local, regional and national coverage. We 
currently employ both an in-house advertising department and we may, in the future, utilize national 
or regional advertising agencies or services. 
You may develop advertising materials for your own use, at your own cost. As stated above, we must 
approve these advertising materials in advance and in writing, but if we do not respond within ten 
(10) business days after receiving your proposed advertising material, the material is disapproved. 
You must promptly discontinue use of any advertising or promotional plans or materials, whether or 
not previously approved, upon notice from us. 
Web Sites/Social Media 
Regarding website domains devoted to any Ivan Ramen Business(es), we alone will own and control 
the uniform resource locators (“URLs”) of such website domains. We may establish one or more 
such websites accessible through one or more URLs and, if we do, we will design and provide for 
the benefit of your franchised Business a “click through” subpage at each such website for the 
