 
 
3. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a provision requiring application of the laws of New 
York. This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
4. 
The Franchise Agreement requires venue to be limited to New York. This provision may not 
be enforceable under California law. 
 
5. 
The franchise agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
The franchisor will not enforce in California the prohibition on franchisee employing or 
soliciting for employment any current or former employee of franchisor or its affiliates (also 
known as a no-poach/non-solicitation provision) in section 12.02 of the Franchise 
Agreement that is disclosed in Item 17, rows q and r. 
 
6. 
You must sign a general release of claims if you renew or transfer your franchise. California 
Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise 
Investment Law (California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516). Business 
and Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise 
Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043). 
 
7. 
California Corporations Code, Section 31125 requires us to give you a disclosure 
document, approved by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation before we 
ask you to consider a material modification of your franchise agreement.  
 
8. 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE 
DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
9. 
California Corporations Code, Section 31119, states that it is unlawful to sell any franchise 
in California that is subject to registration under this law without first providing to the 
prospective franchisee, at least 14 days prior to the execution by the prospective franchisee 
of any binding franchise or other agreement, or at least 14 days prior to the receipt of any 
consideration, whichever occurs first, a copy of the offering circular, together with a copy of 
all proposed agreements relating to the sale of the franchise. 
 
10. 
Neither the franchisor nor any person or franchise broker disclosed in Item 2 of the 
Disclosure Document is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities 
association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such persons from membership in 
such association or exchange. 
 
11. 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any 
provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of 
California.  
 
12. 
Franchisees owning 5% or more interest in the franchise must sign a personal guaranty, 
making you and your spouse individually liable for your financial obligations under the 
agreement if you are married.  The guaranty will place your and your spouse’s marital and 
personal assets at risk, perhaps including your house, if your franchise fails.  
 
OTHER 
 
1. The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain a provision requiring 
you to waive your right to punitive or exemplary damages against the franchisor or any of its 
