 
 
- 4 - 
orders at the price we agree on with the customer or to give you the opportunity to fulfill 
such orders at the price we agree on with the customer. If we give you the opportunity to 
fulfill such orders and if, for any reason, you do not desire to or cannot serve the 
customer, or if the customer desires for any or no reason to deal exclusively with us, our 
affiliate or another franchisee and not with you, then we, our affiliate or any other Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant franchisee may serve the customer within your Territory, and you will 
not be entitled to any compensation. The procedures governing our National, Regional 
and Institutional Accounts program are set forth in our Brand Standards. 
(g) For the purposes of this Agreement, an “affiliate” of an individual or entity (such as you 
or us) is defined to mean any individual or business entity which directly or indirectly is 
controlled by, controls or is under common control with that person or entity.  
4. INITIAL TERM AND SUCCESSOR TERM 
4.01 
Initial Term 
The initial term (“Initial Term”) of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the 
ten (10)  year anniversary of the day you commence the operation of your franchised Business and 
open your Restaurant to the public pursuant to Section 8.01 of this Agreement, unless this 
Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with its provisions. 
4.02 
Successor Term and Successor Agreement 
You will have the conditional right to enter into one (1) successor Restaurant Franchise Agreement 
(the “Successor Franchise Agreement”), featuring a term of ten (10) years (a “Successor Term”) if 
you have complied with the conditions and procedures for successor term specified in Article 13 
below. The first Successor Term will begin on the date that the Initial Term expires. The Successor 
Franchise Agreement will supersede this Agreement. The Successor Franchise Agreement may 
not take the form of this Agreement; but, instead, may each take the form of our then-current 
franchise agreement and may materially vary from this Agreement in all respects, except that no 
“initial franchise fee” will apply to you; the boundaries of your Territory will remain the same; the 
limited, conditional rights to a successor agreement, as identified in this Agreement, will not be 
incorporated; and, the Continuing Royalty in a Successor Term will not be greater than the 
Continuing Royalty that we then impose on similarly situated franchisees entering into a successor 
term of their Restaurant Franchise Agreements. The conditions to and procedures governing your 
conditional right to a successor agreement are set forth below in Article 13. 
5. YOUR PAYMENTS TO US 
5.01 
Initial Franchise Fee 
You agree to pay us an Initial Franchise Fee of $35,000. The Initial Franchise Fee is payable in full 
on the Effective Date of this Agreement; is not refundable; and, will be deemed fully earned when 
paid solely in consideration of our execution of this Agreement and not in exchange for any 
particular programs, products, services or assistance. 
5.02 
Continuing Royalty 
You agree to pay us a monthly Continuing Royalty equal to 5.0% of your previous month's Gross 
Revenues, as defined in Section 5.04. The Continuing Royalty is solely in consideration of our 
granting you the franchise conferred by this Agreement and is not in exchange for any particular 
goods, services or assistance we may furnish you. Such payment will be due on the 15th day of 
each month unless we notify you otherwise. 
If a state or local law where your Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business is located prohibits or restricts 
in any way your ability to pay and our ability to collect the Continuing Royalty or any other 
applicable fees (such as the brand contributions described in Section 5.03 below) derived from the 
sale of alcoholic beverages at your Restaurant (an “Alcohol Restriction Law”), you will be required 
to pay whatever increased percentages of all Gross Revenues not deriving from the sale of alcohol 
