 
 
- 60 - 
17.08 Franchisor’s Right to Send Notifications of Termination 
Before or on the expiration or termination of this Agreement, we may give notice that the 
Restaurant is leaving the System and take any other action related to customers, suppliers and all 
other individuals or entities affected by such expiration or termination or which require or desire an 
identification of our System Restaurants. 
18. FURTHER OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS FOLLOWING THE TERMINATION OR 
EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT 
18.01 Further Obligations and Rights Following the Termination 
 
 
or Expiration of this Agreement 
If this Agreement expires or terminates for any reason or is assigned by you, you will cease to be 
one of our authorized franchisees and you will lose all rights to the use of our Proprietary Marks, 
the System, all Confidential Information and know-how owned by us and any goodwill (including 
"local" goodwill) engendered by the use of our Proprietary Marks and/or attributed to your conduct 
of the franchised Business. 
Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, you agree to: 
1. 
Immediately pay all royalties, fees, Sublease payments and other sums due and 
owing to us or our affiliates, plus interest, and all sums due and owing to any 
landlord, suppliers, employees, taxing authorities, advertising agencies, lenders and 
all other third parties. 
2. 
Discontinue the use of the Proprietary Marks, and not operate or do business under 
any name or in any manner which might tend to give the general public the 
impression that you are operating a Business, a Restaurant or any similar business. 
You may not use, in any manner or for any purpose, directly or indirectly, any of our 
Confidential Information, trade secrets, procedures, forms, techniques, know-how or 
materials acquired by you by virtue of the relationship established by this 
Agreement. You may never identify yourself to the public in any fashion whatsoever 
as a current or former Ivan Ramen franchisee. 
3. 
Take all necessary action to cancel any assumed name or equivalent registration 
which contains the Proprietary Mark "Ivan Ramen", or any other Proprietary Mark of 
ours, or any variant, and furnish us with satisfactory evidence of compliance, within 
fifteen days following termination or expiration of this Agreement. If you fail or refuse 
to do so, we may, in your name, on your behalf and at your expense, execute all 
documents necessary to cause discontinuance of your use of the name "Ivan 
Ramen", or any related name used under this Agreement. You irrevocably appoint 
us as your attorney-in-fact to do so. 
4. 
Upon any termination of this Agreement by us for cause, we will have the right 
immediately to enter and take possession of your Restaurant to maintain continuous 
operation of the previously franchised business, provide for orderly change of 
management and disposition of personal property, and otherwise protect our 
interests. If you dispute the validity of our termination of the franchise, we will 
nevertheless have the option (which you irrevocably grant) to operate the business 
pending the final, unappealed determination of the dispute by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. If a court of competent jurisdiction makes a final, unappealed 
determination that the termination was not valid, we agree to make a full and 
complete accounting for the period during which we operated the previously 
franchised business. 
5. 
If we terminate this Agreement because of your default or you terminate same 
through failure to make payment following notice and opportunity to cure (pursuant 
to Section 17.03), you must pay us all losses and expenses we incur as a result of 
