 
 
- 63 - 
B. 
You will convey to us (or our affiliate, nominee or designee, as applicable) good and 
merchantable, full, legal, equitable and beneficial title to all of the foregoing assets by means of 
appropriate deeds, bills of sale and assignments containing warranties of title. You hereby 
irrevocably designate us as your attorney-in-fact and proxy to execute any and all instruments 
necessary and appropriate to effect such conveyance and will sign any other documents or 
agreements necessary for our appointment as such.  We (or our affiliate, nominee or designee, as 
applicable) will have the right at our option to assume any liabilities encumbering the assets sold 
under the provisions of this Article or any of the liabilities for which we would otherwise be 
indemnified by you pursuant to Section 8.10 of this Agreement, and reduce the consideration 
payable to you accordingly. You will pay all transfer taxes and recording fees, if any. 
C. All rents, interest, assessments, taxes and other charges or royalties related to the 
assets to be conveyed, the payment period of which began before the Closing Date, will be 
prorated to the Closing Date on the basis of the most recent rates available, and the prorated 
amount will be added to or subtracted from, as the case may be, the consideration payable to you. 
D. You agree to use your best efforts to assist us (or our affiliate, nominee or designee, as 
applicable) in obtaining any government or other approvals or consents necessary to carry out the 
terms and intent of this Article 19.  
19.02 Appraisals  
If you and we cannot agree within a reasonable time on the fair market value of any assets we, our 
affiliate, nominee or designee acquire from you pursuant to this Article 19, or the commercially 
reasonable terms of any lease we require you to enter into for land and facilities owned by you (or 
any affiliate) and utilized by the franchised Business, then such dispute will be resolved by means 
of an appraisal conducted in the following fashion.  If, within sixty (60) days following your receipt 
of our notice that we intend to exercise one or more of the options set forth above, you and we 
cannot agree on the fair market value of the item in question, then you and we within the next 
seven days shall each select one appraiser and notify the other party of its designee.  The two 
appraisers you and we select will be instructed to meet within thirty days following their selection 
for the purpose of selecting a third appraiser to serve with them.  If the two appraisers you and we 
select cannot agree on the selection on the third appraiser within fifteen (15) days after the 
selection of the last of them, then you shall select the third appraiser from a list of three appraisers 
we propose in writing.  In the event our disagreement pertains to the commercially reasonable 
terms of any lease you are required to enter into with us for the Location (if you own it), then each 
appraiser selected must have received the MAI or other widely recognized professional appraiser 
designation and must be actively engaged in appraisal work in the county in which the Location is 
located.  The appraisers’ determination of the fair market value of any item(s) we intend to 
purchase from you, or the commercially reasonable terms of the Lease for your owned Location, 
will be binding on both of us. The parties hereby agree that they will instruct the appraisers to 
complete their appraisal within thirty (30) days after the third appraiser’s appointment. If following 
the appraisal we exercise any of the options set forth above, then you and we will each pay one 
half (1/2) of the cost of any and all such appraisals.  If we do not elect to exercise any option 
provided herein following the appraisals then we alone shall bear the cost of all of the appraisal.  If 
we exercise any of the options granted to us above, we will have the right to set off from all 
amounts due to you any and all amounts which are due and owing by you to us and our affiliates. 
19.03 Timing 
If we exercise our option to purchase (or, with respect to your Location, lease) any of the assets of 
your franchised Business as provided in this Article 19, then the Closing Date shall be no later than 
sixty days after either you and we agree on the fair market value of the assets in question (or, with 
respect to the Location, the commercially reasonable terms for our lease for such Location) or, if 
you and we cannot agree on same, no later than sixty days after the determination of such fair 
market value/commercially reasonable terms furnished by the appraisers provided for in Section 
19.02 of this Agreement. 
