 
 
- 62 - 
consider necessary in our reasonable business judgment to distinguish the Location 
from a duly authorized  Location. Without limiting the foregoing, upon our request, 
you will immediately discontinue use of our color scheme (by repainting if 
necessary) and will immediately remove all identifying architectural superstructure 
(as set forth in the plans and specifications for your Restaurant) and other 
distinguishing structures, décor items, furniture, and equipment from your 
Restaurant hereunder as we may direct, in order to effectively distinguish your 
former System Restaurant and other facilities from our proprietary design(s) and 
trade dress. If you refuse, neglect or fail to do so, we, in addition to any other 
remedy we have, have the right to enter upon the Location and effect such required 
changes at your sole risk and expense, and you hereby appoint us or our agents as 
your attorney(s)-in-fact with full authority to do so with no liability for trespass or any 
other illegality.  
19. OUR OPTION UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
19.01 Option to Purchase Your Franchised Business’s Assets, Computers and Computer 
and Point of Sale Systems 
A. 
Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, we, any of our 
affiliates, and/or any nominee or designee we name are hereby granted an option, exercisable 
within thirty (30) days after the termination or expiration becomes effective, to purchase as soon as 
practicable thereafter (including any period necessary for the obtaining of governmental approvals 
and consents of the concerned lessor) all of your operating assets relating to the franchised 
Business. We may exclude from the assets we elect to purchase, cash or its equivalent and any 
leasehold improvements, equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, materials and supplies that are 
not necessary or appropriate (in function or quality) to the Restaurant’s operation or that we have 
not approved as meeting the System standards, and the purchase price will reflect such 
exclusions. The date on which such purchase is closed will be referred to as the "Closing Date". 
The following terms and conditions will apply to the option granted by this Article 19: 
1. All leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, supplies, equipment, trade 
dress elements and inventory will be purchased at your original cost or for an 
amount equal to their fair market value, whichever is less.  If you and we 
cannot agree on “fair market value”, then an appraiser shall determine same 
in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 19.02 below. 
2. All transferrable permits, licenses and other governmental authorizations will 
be transferred or assigned to us, our affiliate, nominee or designee (as 
applicable) at the soonest possible time, specifically including any alcoholic 
beverage licensing, permits or authorizations.   
3. All printed material, forms and other materials purchased from us under this 
Agreement will be purchased for an amount equal to their cost (if any). 
4. All property, real or personal, sold to us or our affiliate, nominee or designee 
(as applicable) under this Article 19 must be free and clear of all liens, debts, 
claims, liabilities, leases, encroachments, covenants, conditions, restrictions, 
rights, rights of way and/or other encumbrances (except for tax liens and 
special and/or other assessments not delinquent) unless we, in our 
reasonable opinion (or that of our affiliate, nominee or designee, as 
applicable), determine that the existence of same either will not interfere with 
the proposed use of the property or that the existence of same are merely 
due to easements of record, zoning ordinances or statutes, use and 
occupancy restrictions of public record or other limitations which are 
generally applicable to similar properties in the vicinity. 
