 
 
- 44 - 
monetary and other obligations to us and our affiliates (under this Agreement or 
otherwise), all sources of financing of your franchised Business and all material sources 
of supply of your franchised Business. 
I. That the assignee execute a new Franchise Agreement with us, and all other 
agreements required of new franchisees, in the form and on the terms and conditions 
we then offer to new franchisees, which terms and conditions may vary significantly 
from this Agreement. The assignee will not be obligated to pay another Initial Franchise 
Fee under the new Agreement but will be required to pay our then-current fees for 
furnishing our Initial Training Program and any other services we are required to furnish 
under the new Agreement. The term of the new Franchise Agreement will be the 
balance of the Term of this Agreement. The execution of the new Franchise Agreement 
will terminate this Agreement, except for your guarantees; any of your obligations to us 
or our affiliates which remain outstanding and/or unsatisfied; and, the post-termination 
and post-expiration provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, are intended to 
survive.   
J. That the assignee has acquired, or will be able to immediately acquire following the 
execution of the new Franchise Agreement, all permits, licenses and other 
authorizations required by any federal, state or local, rule or regulation to operate the 
franchised Business. If applicable law enables you to transfer or assign any of the 
aforementioned permits, licenses and/or authorizations which you possess to the 
assignee, then you agree to do so immediately following our execution of the assignee’s 
new Franchise Agreement. 
K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand and agree that you will remain fully 
liable and responsible for all of your obligations to us and our affiliates under this 
Agreement which arose in connection with the operation of your franchised Business 
prior to the effective date of the assignee’s new Franchise Agreement (specifically 
including your obligation to indemnify us and the other Franchisor Parties identified in 
Section 8.10) and you agree to execute any and all documents we reasonably request 
to further evidence such liability. 
L. That if the proposed assignee is a business entity, we have the absolute right to require 
any owners or other parties having an interest in the proposed assignee or the Location 
to execute the Guarantee substantially in the form of Exhibit F. 
M. That the Total Sales Price of your sale, assignment or transfer is not so excessive, in 
our business judgment, that it jeopardizes the continued economic viability and future 
operations of the franchised Business and/or the assignee. "Total Sales Price" means 
all consideration of every kind paid or payable to you or any other person or entity in 
connection with, arising out of or relating to the assignment or transfer of the franchise, 
the Franchise Agreement or the franchised Business, whether money, property or other 
thing or service of value including consideration received for all or a part of your 
Business; your rights under this Agreement; contracts; goodwill; restrictive covenants; 
consulting arrangements; your furniture, fixtures, equipment and trade dress elements; 
accounts receivable; or, any other fees or arrangements or other form of consideration, 
whether the consideration is received in the present or promised to be given to you or 
any other person in the future (including the highest possible value of any contingent 
future consideration). 
N. That if you or your owners finance any part of the purchase price, you and/or your 
owners agree in writing that all of the transferee’s obligations under promissory notes, 
loan agreements, or security interests reserved in the Restaurant are subordinate to the 
assignee’s obligation to pay Continuing Royalties, System Brand Contributions, and all 
other amounts due to us, our affiliates, and third party vendors and otherwise to comply 
with this Agreement. 
