 
 
Page 5  
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer ______ 
 
copies of the Franchise Agreement. Promptly upon receipt of these execution copies, you must 
execute the three copies and return them to us. 
If you fail to perform any of the acts or fail to deliver any of the notices required pursuant to 
the provisions of subsections (1), (2), (3) or (4) above in a timely fashion, this will be a material and 
incurable breach of this Agreement which, unless we waive the breach, will entitle us to terminate 
this Agreement immediately on notice to you, with no opportunity to cure.  
8. OUR DUTIES 
8.01 
Duties of Franchisor 
So long as you are not in default of this Agreement or the Franchise Agreements, we will 
grant you the right and obligation to acquire and operate Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchises in the 
Development Territory and pursuant to the Development Schedule, upon the terms and subject to 
the provisions of this Agreement and the terms of each Franchise Agreement entered into between 
you and us and of all documents related to this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, and to 
use solely and in connection with these Franchise Agreements the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System 
as it may be changed, improved, modified or further developed from time to time, in the Development 
Territory as defined in this Agreement and upon the terms and subject to the provisions of this 
Agreement and the terms of all documents related to this Agreement and the Franchise Agreements.  
Pursuant to the Franchise Agreements and under their terms, we will offer and perform the 
training, instruction, assistance and other activities for which the Franchise Agreements provide. 
9. YOUR DUTIES 
9.01 
Payments to Us 
In addition to all other payments under this Agreement, you agree to pay us (or our Affiliates) 
immediately upon demand: 
1. 
All sales taxes, trademark license taxes and any other taxes, imposed on, required to 
be collected, or paid by us or our Affiliates (excluding any corporate income taxes 
imposed on us or our Affiliates) because we or our Affiliates have furnished services 
or products to you or collected any fee from you. 
2. 
All amounts we advanced, or which we have paid, or for which we have become 
obligated to pay, on your behalf for any reason. 
3. 
All amounts due to us (or our Affiliates) any other reason. 
All payments due to us from you under this Agreement must be paid by check transmitted to 
our headquarters address, except that we reserve the right to require deposit of payments elsewhere 
and/or payment by wire transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer. 
9.02 
Compliance with Franchise Agreement and Laws, Rules and Regulations 
You agree to abide by and faithfully adhere to the terms of each Franchise Agreement signed 
pursuant to this Agreement.  
You further agree, in regard to your area development business hereunder, to abide by and 
faithfully adhere to our confidential operating manuals (the “Brand Standards”). The Brand Standards 
may take the form of one or more of the following: one or more loose leaf or bound volumes; bulletins; 
notices; videos; CD-ROMS; computer software; other electronic media; online postings; e-mail 
and/or electronic communications; facsimiles; or, any other now or hereafter developed medium 
capable of conveying the Brand Standards’ contents. The Brand Standards will, among other things, 
set forth our operating systems, procedures, policies, methods, standards, specifications and 
requirements for operating your franchised Business. You must at all times operate your area 
