 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
 
 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024 
 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract 
 
The Company will capitalize direct and incremental costs, principally consisting of commissions, 
associated with the sale of franchises and will amortize them over the term of the franchise agreement. 
 
NOTE 3 – PRIOR PERIOD ADJUSTMENT 
 
The Company noted in 2024 that they incorrectly capitalized the organization costs. As such the $6,770 
was reclassified against retained earnings as a prior period adjustment.  
 
NOTE 4 – CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK 
 
The Company places its cash, which may at times be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
insurance limits, with a major financial institution. Management believes that this policy will limit the 
Company's exposure to credit risk. 
 
NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
License agreement 
In August 2021, the Company entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with the Licensor for the use 
of the registered name "Ivan Ramen" (the "license agreement"). Pursuant to the license agreement, the 
Company acquired the right to operate "Ivan Ramen" franchises, and the right to earn franchise fees, 
royalties and other fees from franchisees. The Licensor will not license the trademarks and/or confidential 
information to any third parties for the purpose of operating a competing franchise system. Under this 
agreement, the Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor an initial fee of $1.00 and a continuing licensing fee 
equal to 10% of each of Licensee’s prior fiscal year’s gross revenues. However, the licensing fee shall be 
reduced to the extent necessary to avoid bringing the Licensee’s net income below $100,000 per fiscal year, 
and provide further, that Licensor and Licensee may agree to waive or otherwise modify the licensing fee 
at any time.  
 
Due to Related Party 
In 2022 the Company borrowed funds from Ivan Ramen USA LLC, a related party through common 
ownership. In 2024 the Company paid back the funds borrowed and loaned Ivan Ramen USA, LLC funds. 
As of December 31, 2024, funds due from Ivan Ramen USA, LLC totaled $25,848. There are no payment 
terms or interest on this loan. 
 
In 2024 the Company loaned funds to Ivan Ramen Holdings Co. Inc., a related party through common 
ownership. As of December 31, 2024, funds due from Ivan Ramen Holdings Co. Inc. totaled $1,200. There 
are no payment terms or interest on this loan. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 
