 
 
- 53 - 
Marks, then you agree to promptly comply with any of our directions or instructions to modify or 
discontinue use of any Proprietary Mark and/or adopt and use one or more additional substitute 
Proprietary Marks.  We shall have no obligation to reimburse you for any expenditures you make to 
comply with such instructions or directions.  Nor will we be liable to you for any other expenses, 
losses or damages sustained by you or your franchised Business as a result of any Proprietary 
Mark addition, modification, substitution or discontinuation. 
16. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
16.01 Relationship of the Parties 
You understand and agree that you are and will be our independent contractor under this 
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement may be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, 
agency, employment or fiduciary relationship of any kind. None of your employees will be 
considered to be our employees. Neither you nor any of your employees whose compensation you 
pay may in any way, directly or indirectly, expressly or by implication, be construed to be our 
employee for any purpose, most particularly with respect to any mandated or other insurance 
coverage, tax or contributions, or requirements pertaining to withholdings, levied or fixed by any 
city, state or federal governmental agency. We will not have the power to hire or fire your 
employees. You must communicate to all employees that you, not us, are their employer; and you 
must ensure that no payroll checks or other employment-related documents (such as job 
applications and W-2s) contain or reference the Marks or our name. Each of the parties will file its 
own tax, regulatory, and payroll reports with respect to its respective employees and operations, 
saving and indemnifying the other party hereto of and from any liability of any nature whatsoever 
by virtue thereof. You expressly agree, and will never contend otherwise, that our authority under 
this Agreement to certify certain of your employees for qualification to perform certain functions for 
your franchised Business does not directly or indirectly vest in us the power to hire, fire or control 
any such employee. 
You acknowledge and agree, and will never contend otherwise, that you alone will exercise day-to-
day control over all operations, activities and elements of your franchised Business and that under 
no circumstance shall we do so or be deemed to do so. You further acknowledge and agree, and 
will never contend otherwise, that the various requirements, restrictions, prohibitions, specifications 
and procedures of the System which you are required to comply with under this Agreement, 
whether set forth in our Brand Standards or otherwise, do not directly or indirectly constitute, 
suggest, infer or imply that we control any aspect or element of the day-to-day operations of your 
franchised Business, which you alone control, but only constitute standards you must adhere to 
when exercising your control of the day-to-day operations of your franchised Business. 
You may not, without our prior written approval, have any power to obligate us for any expenses, 
liabilities or other obligations, other than as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement, we may not control or have access to your funds or the 
expenditure of your funds or in any other way exercise dominion or control over your Business. 
Except as otherwise expressly authorized by this agreement, neither party will make any express 
or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or representations or incur any debt in the name of 
or on behalf of the other party, or represent that the relationship between us and you is other than 
that of franchisor and franchisee. We do not assume any liability, and will not be considered liable, 
for any agreements, representations, or warranties made by you which are not expressly 
authorized under this Agreement. 
You promise that you will not avail yourself of any rights or remedies at law or in equity that may 
arise from an assertion that: (i) you are our agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, 
partner, employee, or servant; or (ii) we are a joint employer for your employees.  If such a claim is 
brought against us, we may use your covenant in this Section 16.01 as an absolute defense 
against such claim. Further, if any such claim is brought against us or our affiliates and 
subsidiaries, and their respective current and former officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
