 
 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise 
agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating 
with or complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the 
Franchise Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h). 
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is deﬁned as a person that engages 
in the business of the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the 
franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the 
franchise. If a franchisee is working with a franchise broker, franchisees are advised 
to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker about a 
franchise. 
19. In lieu of an impound of franchise fees, the Franchisor will not require or accept the 
payment of any initial franchise fees until the franchisee has (a) received all pre-
opening and initial training obligations that it is entitled to under the franchise 
agreement or offering circular, and (b) is open for business. Because franchisor has 
material pre-opening obligations with respect to each franchised business 
Franchisee opens under the Area Development Agreement, payment of the 
franchise fee will be released proportionally with respect to each franchise outlet 
opened and until franchisor has met all its pre-opening obligations under the 
Agreement and Franchisee is open for business with respect to each such location. 
20.  In Item 5, the following sentence is added at the end of the first paragraph: In 2024 
we  sold only the one Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchise in the United States that is 
described in Item 5,  and therefore $25,000 is both the range and formula used to 
calculate the initial fees paid in the fiscal year before the issuance date. 
21.  In Item 6, Note 1, the second paragraph (regarding Alcohol Restriction Laws) is 
deleted and does not apply in the State of Washington. 
22.  In Item 6, the securities offering review fee which is listed, referring to Section 14.08 
of the Franchise Agreement, will be no greater than the actual and reasonable costs 
incurred by the franchisor for such a review. 
23. In Item 7 (Note 14), the following language is removed: “The additional funds 
required will vary, because other required expenses you will incur will vary by your 
area; how much you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience and business acumen; the relative effectiveness of your staff; local 
economic conditions; the local market for your products and services; the prevailing 
wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period.” 
24. The minimum performance requirement (a stated minimum amount of yearly gross 
revenues required in order to retain territorial protections), which is referred to in 
Item 12, in the “Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise” cover page, or 
anywhere else in the Disclosure Document, does not apply to Washington 
franchisees. 
