- 35 -
Ivan Ramen IP Holdings LLC has applied for registration of the following mark on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office: 
Principal Federal Application 
Application 
Number 
Description Of Mark 
Application 
Date 
97635051 
October 17, 
2022 
There are presently no effective determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, any 
trademark trial and appeal board, any state trademark administrator or any court, any pending 
interference, opposition, or cancellation proceeding, or any pending material litigation involving any 
of the above-referenced Proprietary Marks which is relevant to your use. There are no agreements 
which significantly limit our rights to use or license the Proprietary Marks. There are no infringing 
uses or superior previous rights known to us that can materially affect your use of the Proprietary 
Marks in this state or any other state in which the franchised Business is to be located. There is no 
pending material federal or state court litigation regarding our use or ownership rights in any 
Trademark. No affidavits have yet been required to be filed and none have been filed. No renewals 
have yet been required to be filed and none have been filed. 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a trademark 
licensed by us to you. If you learn of any claim against you for alleged infringement, unfair 
competition, or similar claims about the Proprietary Marks, you must promptly notify us. We will 
promptly take the action we consider necessary to defend you. We must indemnify you for any action 
against you by a third party based solely on alleged infringement, unfair competition, or similar claims 
about the Proprietary Marks. You may not settle or compromise any of these claims without our 
previous written consent. We will have the right to defend and settle any claim at our sole expense, 
using our own counsel. You must cooperate with us in the defense. Under the Franchise Agreement, 
you irrevocably grant us authority to defend or settle these claims. You may participate at your own 
expense, but our decisions with regard to the defense or settlement will be final. We will have no 
obligation to defend or indemnify you if the claim against you relates to your use of the Proprietary 
Marks in violation of the Franchise Agreement. 
If you learn that any third party whom you believe is not authorized to use the Proprietary Marks is 
using the Marks or any variant of the Marks, you must promptly notify us. We will determine whether 
or not we wish to take any action against the third party. You will have no right to make any demand 
or to prosecute any claim against the alleged infringer for the infringement. 
You must comply with any instruction by us to modify or discontinue use of any Proprietary Mark or 
to adopt or use additional or substituted Proprietary Marks. If this happens, we will reimburse you for 
your documented expenses of complying (such as changing signs, stationery, etc.). Except for 
reimbursing your documented expenses of complying, we will not be liable to you for any resulting 
expenses. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]
