 
- 40 - 
ITEM 17  
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.  
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Franchise Agreement: 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
Section 
4.01 
Term is 10 years from the date that Franchisor countersigns the Franchise 
Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
extension of the 
term 
Sections 
4.02, 13.01  
You can enter into one (1) Successor Franchise Agreement (on our then-current 
form of agreement) for a term of 10 years if you (a) notify us no more than nine 
(9) months and no less than six (6) months before expiration; (b) comply with the 
Franchise Agreement and Brand Standards and you did so and met your 
material obligations on time throughout the Initial Term; and, (c) satisfy all 
monetary obligations to us, our affiliates, landlord and suppliers.  
c. Requirements 
for you to renew 
or extend 
Section 
13.01 
a. You must notify us in writing no more than nine (9) months and no less than 
six (6) months before the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement of your 
intent to enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement. 
b. Evidence that you can renew your lease on terms acceptable to you and us, 
or lease an acceptable new Ivan Ramen Restaurant Location in your Territory 
without any interruption of business. 
c. Sign a General Release in the form of Exhibit G to the Franchise Agreement 
(but not releasing us from future claims under the Successor Franchise 
Agreement). 
d. You or your Operations Manager or your Trainer (as the case may be), and 
any other management and staff we designate must attend and successfully 
complete any training that we may reasonably require, at your expense. 
e. You must pay us a successor franchise fee of $35,000. “Renewal” in our 
franchise system means signing our then-current form of franchise agreement as 
a successor agreement. It does not mean renewing or extending the same 
contract you first signed with us. As a condition for “renewal,” you may be asked 
to sign a contract with materially different terms and conditions than your original 
contract, but there will be no initial franchise fee, the limited successor franchise 
rights of the Franchise Agreement will be incorporated, the boundaries of the 
Territory will remain the same, and the Continuing Royalty on Successor 
Franchise Agreements will not be greater than the Continuing Royalty that we 
then impose on similarly-situated  franchisees entering into a Successor Term. 
f. Before the commencement of the applicable Successor Term, you must, at 
your cost and expense, refurbish, redesign and/or remodel your franchised 
Restaurant as we reasonably require to meet our then current standards, 
requirements and specifications (including, without limitation, refurbishing, 
repairing or replacing all requipment, electronic cash register systems, Computer 
System, signs, interior and exterior décor items, fixtures, furnishings, supplies 
and other products and materials required for the operation of the Restaurant 
and otherwise upgrading the Restaurant as we reasonably require to reflect our 
then-current System standards and the image of the System.  
g. At the time of entering into a Successor Term, you (and your affiliates) must 
be current on the payment of all monetary obligations to us, our affiliates, the 
lessor or sublessor of your Restaurant and any material third party supplier of 
yours. 
