 
 
- 25 - 
periods we deem necessary, and/or visit any locations at which you have provided or are providing 
products, programs, or services to customers or at which you maintain business records, and 
inspect and audit the products, programs and services provided from or at such locations; the 
products and supplies contained at such locations and their condition; confer with your employees 
and customers; and, assess your operating systems and compliance with this Agreement and the 
System standards.  We may conduct such inspections with or without prior notice to you. You shall 
cooperate with our representatives conducting such inspections by rendering any assistance they 
may reasonably request.  Following any such inspection, you shall take such steps as are 
necessary to incorporate into your Restaurant and your franchised Business operations any 
reasonable corrections and modifications we require to maintain the standards of quality and 
uniformity we prescribe, as quickly as is reasonably possible and using all resources at your 
disposal. 
8.12 
Intellectual Property You Develop 
You hereby permanently and irrevocably assign to us, in perpetuity throughout the world, any and 
all rights and interests (including intellectual property rights and interests) to any and all of the 
following which is developed by you, or on your behalf, if developed in whole or in part in 
connection with your franchised Business or Restaurant: all programs, products or services; all 
variations, modifications and/or improvements on programs, products or services; your means, 
manner and style of offering and selling programs, products and services; management techniques 
or protocols you may develop (or have developed on your behalf); all layout schematics and design 
elements; all sales, marketing, advertising and promotional programs, campaigns or materials 
developed by you or on your behalf; and, all other intellectual property developed by you or on 
behalf of your franchised Business. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, codes, rules 
or regulations, you waive, and will cause each of your employees or independent contractors who 
contributed to System modifications and/or improvements to waive, all "moral rights of authors" or 
any similar rights in such modifications and/or improvements. We may authorize ourselves, our 
affiliates and/or other franchised Businesses to use and exploit any such rights which are assigned 
to us hereunder. The sole consideration for your assignment to us of all of the foregoing rights shall 
be our grant of the franchise conferred upon you by this Agreement. 
8.13 
Adequate Reserves and Working Capital 
We reserve the right to require, at our sole discretion, that you meet certain financial requirements, 
which may include the requirement to maintain (i) a minimum working capital reserve, (ii) a 
minimum debt service coverage ratio, (iii) a maximum amount of incurred debt, (iv) a minimum 
balance in the bank account utilized to make payments to us; and (v) any other reasonable 
financial health metrics required by us. We will provide such requirements to you in writing and 
they will become effective thirty (30) days after we provide written notice of such requirement(s) to 
you. Without limiting the foregoing, you must at all times maintain adequate reserves and working 
capital sufficient for you to fulfill all your obligations under this Agreement and to cover the risks 
and contingencies of the franchised Business for at least three (3) months. These reserves may be 
in the form of cash deposits or lines of credit. 
8.14 
Credit Cards and Other Modes of Payment 
You agree to become and remain a merchant for any credit cards and/or debit cards, and any 
credit and/or debit card processor(s), which we may specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
Further, you agree to maintain the creditworthiness required of each of these credit card or debit 
card issuers; to honor these cards for credit purposes; and, to abide by all related regulations and 
procedures that we and/or the credit card and/or debit card issuer prescribes. You understand and 
acknowledge that we may, in our sole business judgment, require you to use a certain credit card 
merchant processor, and that such requirement may change from time to time. 
In addition, you agree that, at your sole expense, you shall at our direction and by the time we 
specify purchase, install and utilize such equipment, facilities and personnel necessary to enable 
now or hereafter developed alternative modes of customer payments (beyond cash, credit cards 
