 
 
- 31 - 
E. 
If there is a claim by any one or more of the Franchisor Parties against you, you 
must, upon our request, assign to us all rights which you then have or thereafter may have with 
respect to the claim against the insurer(s) providing the coverages described in this Section 9.01. 
F. 
You agree that we may periodically add to, modify, substitute or delete the types 
and amounts of insurance coverage which you are required to maintain under this Agreement, and 
all features and elements thereof, by written notice to you (through a Supplement to our Brand 
Standards, or otherwise). Upon delivery or attempted delivery of this written notice, you agree to 
immediately purchase insurance conforming to any such newly established standards and limits. 
9.02 
Certificates of Insurance 
You agree to promptly provide us with certificates of insurance evidencing the coverages required 
by this Agreement at least ten (10) days prior to your commencing any of the activities or 
operations contemplated by this Agreement and, thereafter, at least thirty (30) days prior to the 
expiration of any such policy.  All certificates must evidence proper coverage as required by this 
Agreement and the Brand Standards.  Attached to each certificate shall be a copy of the 
endorsement amending any clause in the subject policy which relates to other insurance and 
confirming that all coverage is primary insurance and that our insurance (and the insurance of the 
other Franchisor Parties identified in Section 8.10 above) is applicable only after all limits of your 
policy(ies) are exhausted. 
You agree to renew all insurance policies and documents and to furnish renewal certificates of 
insurance to us before the expiration date of the expiring policy in question.  We may at any time 
require you to forward to us full copies of all insurance policies.   
9.03 
Purchase of Insurance on Your Behalf 
If you fail to purchase insurance conforming to the standards and limits we prescribe, we may (but 
we are not required to) obtain on your behalf the insurance necessary to meet these standards, 
through agents and insurance companies that we choose. If we do this, then you must immediately 
pay the required premiums or reimburse us for the premiums we advanced and must also pay us a 
reasonable fee for the efforts we undertake to obtain such insurance for you. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement will impose any duty or obligation on us to obtain or maintain any specific forms, 
kinds or amounts of insurance on your behalf. 
9.04 
No Undertaking or Representation 
Nothing in this Agreement may be considered our undertaking or representation that the insurance 
that you are required to obtain or that we may obtain for you will insure you against any or all 
insurable risks of loss which may arise out of or in connection with the operation of the franchised 
Business. We advise you to consult with your insurance agent and other risk advisors regarding 
any types, amounts or elements of insurance coverage beyond those specified herein which may 
be prudent to obtain. 
9.05 
Failure To Purchase Insurance or To Reimburse 
If you fail to purchase or maintain any insurance required by this Agreement or you fail to 
reimburse us for our purchase of any required insurance on your behalf, your failure will be a 
material and incurable breach of this Agreement which, unless we waive the breach, will entitle us 
to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you, with no opportunity to cure. 
10. ADVERTISING 
10.01 Administration of System Brand Fund; Regional Brand Fund 
If we establish a System Brand Fund, we or our designee will administer the System Brand Fund 
as follows: 
A. 
As provided in Section 5.03, you agree to pay us a System Brand Fund Contribution 
which, combined with the contributions made by all other Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchisees, and 
by us or our affiliates in operating Restaurants, will constitute the System Brand Fund (or the 
“Fund”).  
