 
 
- 69 - 
30.05 Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages 
A. The parties to this Agreement (as denominated in Section 30.04) explicitly waive their 
respective rights to a jury trial in any litigation between them and hereby stipulate that any 
such trial shall occur without a jury. 
B. You, your Guarantors and the other Franchisee Parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive, exemplary, incidental, 
indirect, special, consequential or other similar damages in any action or proceeding 
whatsoever between such parties and/or any of their affiliates and us and/or any of our 
affiliates, and you and such others covenant never to advance or pursue any such claim for 
punitive damages. You and such others agree that in the event of a dispute, you and such 
others shall be limited to the recovery from the Franchisor Parties of any actual damages 
sustained by you or them.  You covenant to secure from any Franchisee Party which does 
not execute this Agreement his/her/its execution of a writing specified by us, in the Brand 
Standards or otherwise, irrevocably confirming the applicability to them of the provisions of 
this Section 30.05, in such manner and by such time we reasonably specify. 
30.06 No Consolidated or Class Actions 
You and the other Franchisee Parties may only pursue any claim you have against us or the other 
Franchisor Parties in an individual legal action or proceeding.  Neither you nor any other 
Franchisee Party shall join or combine its/their legal action or proceeding in any manner with any 
action or claim of any other Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchisee, franchise owner, franchisee 
guarantor, or other claimant, nor will you or any other Franchisee Party maintain any action or 
proceeding against us and the other Franchisor Parties in a class action, whether as a 
representative or as a member of a class or purported class, nor will you or any other Franchisee 
Party seek to consolidate, or consent to the consolidation of, all or part of any action or proceeding 
by any of them against us or the other Franchisor Parties with any other litigation against us or 
such other Franchisor Parties. 
 
30.07 Limitation on Actions 
Any and all legal actions or proceedings brought by you against us or the other Franchisor Parties 
arising out of or related to this Agreement or any related agreement; any breach of this Agreement 
or any related agreement; the relations between such parties; and, any and all disputes between 
such parties, whether sounding in law or equity, must be commenced within two years from the 
occurrence of the acts, errors and/or omissions giving rise to such legal action or proceeding or 
within two years from the date on which you knew or should have known, in the exercise of 
reasonable diligence, of the facts giving rise to such action or proceeding, whichever occurs first. If 
not, then you irrevocably covenant and agree that such action or proceeding shall be barred. 
31. LIABILITY OF “FRANCHISEE”; GUARANTEE 
31.01 Liability of “Franchisee” 
The terms "Franchisee" and “you” as used in this Agreement will refer to each person executing 
this Agreement as Franchisee, whether that person is one of the spouses, partners, proprietors, 
shareholders, trustees, trustors or beneficiaries or persons named as included in you, and will 
apply to each of these persons as if he/she were the only named Franchisee in this Agreement. If 
you are a married couple, both husband and wife executing this Agreement will be liable for all 
your obligations and duties as Franchisee under this Agreement as if the spouse were the sole 
Franchisee under this Agreement. If you are a partnership or proprietorship, or if more than one 
person executes this Agreement as Franchisee, each partner, proprietor or person executing this 
Agreement will be liable for all obligations and duties of Franchisee under this Agreement. If you 
are a trust, each trustee, grantor and beneficiary signing this Agreement will be liable for all the 
obligations and duties of Franchisee under this Agreement. If you are a business entity, all owners 
of such entity executing this Agreement will be liable for all obligations and duties of Franchisee 
under this Agreement as if each such owner were the sole franchisee under this Agreement. 
