 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, 
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of 
North Dakota: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement or New York law if such provisions are in conflict with North Dakota law. The 
Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement will be governed by North Dakota 
law, rather than New York law, as stated in Item 17(w) of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document, Section 30.03 of the Franchise Agreement (“Governing Law”) and Section 18.12 
of the Area Development Agreement (“Governing Law”). 
 
2. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue or 
requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of North 
Dakota, is deleted from Franchise Agreements issued in the State of North Dakota. 
 
3. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement shall relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning 
franchising of the State of North Dakota.   
 
4. 
Item 17(c) of the Franchise Disclosure Document and Section 13.01 of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Conditions to Obtain Successor Term”) each require the execution of a 
general release upon renewal. This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Disclosure 
Documents and Franchise Agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
5. 
Item 17(i) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Section 18.01 of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Further Obligations and Rights Following the Termination or Expiration of this 
Agreement”) and Section 16.01 of the Area Development Agreement (“Other Obligations 
and Rights on Termination or Expiration”) may require franchisees to consent to termination 
or liquidated damages. This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Disclosure 
Documents and agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
6. 
Covenants restricting competition in the State of North Dakota, such as those found in Item 
17(r) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement 
(“Covenant Not to Compete”) and Section 11.01 of the Area Development Agreement 
(“Covenants Not to Compete”), may be subject to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota 
Century Code.  Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are generally 
considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota.  
 
7. 
Item 17(v) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Section 30.04 of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Venue”) and Section 18.13 of the Area Development Agreement (“Venue”) 
each require that the franchisee consent to the jurisdiction of courts in New York.  This 
requirement is deleted from all Franchise Disclosure Documents and agreements used in 
the State of North Dakota. 
 
8. 
Section 30.05 of the Franchise Agreement (“Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages”) 
requires the franchisee to consent to a waiver of trial by jury. This requirement is deleted 
from all Franchise Agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
9. 
Section 30.05 of the Franchise Agreement (“Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages”) 
and Section 18.14 of the Area Development Agreement (“Punitive Damages”) each require 
the franchisee to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.  This 
requirement is deleted from all Franchise Agreements and Area Development Agreements 
used in the State of North Dakota. 
