 
- 11 - 
[1] 
See Item 5 which notes the Initial Franchise Fee is not refundable. None of the other fees 
shown on this table are refundable unless a supplier has a refund policy of which we are not 
aware. We do not finance any fee. 
[2] 
You pay all these expenses. The estimates provided here assume six initial trainees and that 
we choose to conduct the initial training at training facilities in New York City.  We include the 
Initial Training Program for up to six (6) people before your open your franchised Restaurant, 
in the Initial Franchise Fee. The charge for additional (and subsequent) attendees is $2,500 
per person. You pay all your trainees’ living and transportation expenses. Travel expenses 
depend on where your home base is located, whether you and your trainees can commute 
by car to our training base, and the number of people receiving the Initial Training Program. 
Lodging and food expenses depend on number of people being trained. See Item 11. 
[3] 
If you do not have acceptable space for your Restaurant, you will have to lease 2,500 to 
3,500 square feet in a suitable commercial building for a Restaurant Location. Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant Locations are usually in high traffic urban areas with nightlife, but this will vary by 
market. Real estate values vary dramatically from region to region. This estimate is based on 
our experience renting space in New York City and paying 12 months of rent before opening; 
we do not have substantial experience elsewhere in the United States. Depending on the 
extent of delays you encounter due to permit requirements, necessary repairs and 
renovations of the space, and whether you are able to negotiate some rent-free pre-opening 
time period with your landlord, your costs may differ.. To estimate the purchase or rental 
expense for your Restaurant Location, apply the above square footage requirements to the 
local real estate rental costs in the area in your Territory where there are suitable buildings. 
[4] 
You may already have an appropriate Restaurant, or your cost of construction or leasehold 
improvement for your Restaurant may be minimal. The cost of construction or leasehold 
improvements will vary depending on your construction and renovation costs and how many 
of those costs the landlord will pay (if any). We will provide you with a sample layout for the 
interior of a typical Ivan Ramen Restaurant of the type that you will be operating and a set of 
typical preliminary plans and specifications for furniture, fixtures, equipment and/or décor for 
your type of Restaurant. You must employ architects, designers, engineers or others as 
necessary to complete, adapt, modify or substitute the layout, plans and specifications for 
the Restaurant, including any changes required by the landlord. Typically, you and the 
contractor you employ will negotiate a payment schedule. Generally, the landlord provides 
the space with demolition complete, exterior walls drywalled; an appropriate drop ceiling; 
working HVAC; and plumbing and electrical service to the space, or an equivalent amount of 
free rent to offset these costs. The contractor will install the leasehold improvements. Except 
for modifications that we require, you may not modify the design, plans, fixtures, equipment, 
signage or decor of your Restaurant at any time without our advance written permission. 
[5] 
This estimate includes $3,000 to start and the first month’s $600 monthly fee for the point of 
sale hardware and software. You must purchase the required computer hardware, software, 
Internet connections and service, required dedicated telephone and power lines and other 
computer-related accessories, peripherals and equipment (the “computer and Point of Sale 
Systems”). You must obtain high-speed communications access for your computer and Point 
of Sale systems, such as broadband, DSL or other high-speed capacity. You must also 
maintain a functioning e-mail address for your Business. See Item 11. 
[6] 
The initial inventory to open your business includes our proprietary products (including 
noodles, dashi and miscellaneous specialty ingredients, miscellaneous soup concentrates), 
as well as all other food ingredients to complete all recipes in our menu book (which is part 
of our Brand Standards). You must purchase the initial inventory of our proprietary products 
from us at an estimated cost of $6,833, as referenced in Item 6. This amount is included in 
the estimate in the table above.  
