 
 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise agreement 
or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to 
regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document 
and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h). 
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is deﬁned as a person that engages in the business of the 
offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for 
referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with 
a franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the 
franchise broker about a franchise. 
19. The franchisor will defer collection of the initial franchise fee until the franchisor has fulfilled its 
initial pre-opening obligations to the franchisee and the franchisee is open for business.  
20. In Section 8.02 (“Manner of Operation") of the Franchise Agreement, the second paragraph 
thereof does not apply to Washington franchisees. 
21.  Regarding Section 8.13 (“Adequate Reserves and Working Capital”) of the Franchise 
Agreement, the Franchisor’s discretion shall be exercised in accordance with the good faith 
requirement in RCW 19.100.180(1). 
22.  Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement, and the Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement 
exhibit and Confidentiality Agreement exhibit attached to the Franchise Agreement, are each 
amended to add that non-parties to the Franchise Agreement are only bound to the 
confidentiality and non-competition provisions if they execute such Confidentiality and/or Non-
Competition Agreement themselves.  
23.  In Section 17.05 of the Franchise Agreement, the following language is removed: “or complain 
otherwise”. 
24.  Article 19 of the Franchise Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with RCW 19.100.180, 
including that the franchisee’s inventory and supplies shall be purchased by the franchisor for 
not less than their fair market value offset by any amount owed by the franchisee to the 
franchisor. 
25.  The following provisions in the Franchise Agreement do not apply to Washington franchisees: 
 
a)   In Section 24.01 (“Integration of Agreement”), all text after the first two sentences. 
 
b)   The acknowledgments in Sections 34.02.1, 34.02.2, and the third paragraph of Section 35.01. 
 
c)   Section 30.07 (“Limitation on Actions”). 
 
d)  Section 33.01 (“Our Business Judgment”). 
 
e)  The statement in Section 35.01 that “[o]ur tendering this Agreement to you … does not 
constitute an offer.” 
 
