 
 
Page 3  
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer ______ 
 
will be extended on a month-to-month basis until we have given you the required notice of expiration 
and the required period before the expiration of the Agreement becomes effective has expired. 
5. AREA DEVELOPMENT FEE 
5.01 
Area Development Fee 
In consideration of our execution of this Agreement, you agree to pay us an area development 
fee calculated by multiplying the aggregate number of franchised Businesses which you are required 
to establish and operate pursuant to Section 6.01 of this Agreement by the sum of USD $35,000 (the 
“Area Development Fee”). The Area Development Fee is payable in full when you sign this 
Agreement and will be fully earned when paid. You recognize that we have incurred administrative 
and other expenses in relation to this Agreement, and that our development opportunities have been 
lost or curtailed as a result of the territorial rights granted to you in this Agreement. Therefore, we 
will not refund the Area Development Fee in whole or in part, under any circumstance. 
6. DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE 
6.01 
Development Schedule 
For so long as this Agreement is in effect and you are not in default under the terms of this 
Agreement or any Franchise Agreement, you will have the right and obligation to execute Franchise 
Agreements for and commence operations of Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses pursuant to the 
development schedule below (the "Development Schedule"). The Development Schedule sets forth 
the date on which you must execute the Franchise Agreement for each Business (the "Date of 
Execution") and the date no later than which you must commence operations of each Business under 
each Franchise Agreement (the "Commencement of Operations Date"). 
Business Number 
Date of Execution of 
Franchise Agreement 
Commencement of 
Operations Date 
1 
 
 
2 
 
 
3 
 
 
4 
 
 
5 
 
 
6 
 
 
7 
 
 
8 
 
 
9 
 
 
10 
 
 
You may not develop or commence operations of more than the number of Businesses set 
forth above without first obtaining our written consent. 
An Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business will be considered “developed” if: (a) the Franchise 
Agreement for the Business has been signed by you and us, and (b) the Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
Business has commenced operations in accordance with the Franchise Agreement governing the 
Business. 
