 
BMKR LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
 
IVAN RAMEN FRANCHISING, LLC 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 
NOTE 2 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract 
 
The Company will capitalize direct and incremental costs, principally consisting of commissions, 
associated with the sale of franchises and will amortize them over the term of the franchise agreement. 
 
Organization costs 
 
The Company will capitalize organization costs and will amortize them over the estimated useful life of 15 
years. 
 
NOTE 3 – CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK 
 
The Company places its cash, which may at times be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
insurance limits, with a major financial institution. Management believes that this policy will limit the 
Company's exposure to credit risk. 
 
NOTE 4 – SYSTEM BRAND FUND 
 
The Company has the right to collect marketing fund fees from franchisees for the system brand fund (the 
"marketing fund"). Franchisees will be charged 1.5% of their monthly gross sales by the marketing fund in 
accordance with the Company's standard franchise agreement. The marketing fund is to be utilized for the 
benefit of the franchisees, with a portion designated to offset the Company's administrative costs to 
administer the funds, all at the discretion of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not 
yet established the marketing fund. 
 
NOTE 5 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
License agreement 
In August 2021, the Company entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with the Licensor for the use 
of the registered name "Ivan Ramen" (the "license agreement"). Pursuant to the license agreement, the 
Company acquired the right to operate "Ivan Ramen" franchises, and the right to earn franchise fees, 
royalties and other fees from franchisees. The Licensor will not license the trademarks and/or confidential 
information to any third parties for the purpose of operating a competing franchise system. Under this 
agreement, the Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor an initial fee of $1.00 and a continuing licensing fee 
equal to 10% of each of Licensee’s prior fiscal year’s gross revenues. However, the licensing fee shall be 
reduced to the extent necessary to avoid bringing the Licensee’s net income below $100,000 per fiscal year, 
and provide further, that Licensor and Licensee may agree to waive or otherwise modify the licensing fee 
at any time.  
 
Due to Related Party 
In 2022 the Company borrowed funds from Ivan Ramen USA LLC, a related party through common 
ownership. As of December 31, 2022, due to related parties totaled $42,298. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 
