 
 
- 2 - 
3. TERRITORY 
3.01 
Territory 
Your right to operate a Business is restricted to the geographic area described in Exhibit A 
attached hereto (the "Territory"). Your Business may establish only one Restaurant within the 
Territory under this Agreement.  
3.02 
Our Restrictions 
Except as stated in the terms and conditions in Section 3.04 (“Rights We Reserve”), within the 
Territory during the Term, neither we nor any affiliate (meaning any individual or entity we control, 
which controls us, or which is under common control with us, together our “affiliates”) will operate 
or grant a franchise for a restaurant business operated under the Proprietary Marks of the type 
franchised to you hereunder, or a similar or competitive business. These restrictions will terminate 
immediately upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason. 
Outside of the Territory, we and/or our affiliates reserve the right to operate any number of 
Businesses, and/or authorize others to operate same, at any location whatsoever, including one or 
more locations that may be proximate to, but not within, the Territory. 
3.03 
Your Restrictions 
Your Business may only offer and sell its programs, products and services in, at and from your 
Restaurant and only to customers situated within the Territory. Under no circumstance may your 
Business establish any physical presence outside of your Territory at or from which your programs, 
products or services are sold or furnished.  Nor may your business offer or sell its programs, 
products or services anywhere, through any means or manner other than your Center, including 
alternative channels of distribution, such as the internet/worldwide web and other forms of 
electronic commerce, “800” or similar toll-free telephone numbers (other than those we establish 
and make available to you for your customers to place orders with your franchised Restaurant); 
supermarkets, grocery stores or convenience stores; mail order; catalogs; or, any other distribution 
channel whatsoever except from your franchised Restaurant.  Under no circumstances may your 
Business offer delivery of System menu items or products outside of your Territory except as we 
may (but need not) authorize in writing. You may use third-party online ordering and/or delivery 
aggregators in accordance with our System standards or as approved in writing by us.   
You may only engage in the retail sale of System programs, products and services. You are 
prohibited from engaging in the wholesale sale or distribution of any System programs, products or 
services, or the programs, products, equipment, and services which your Business is required or 
permitted to use or sell under this Agreement, or any component or ingredient of any of the 
foregoing which now or in the future constitutes part of the System. “Retail sale" means any sale by 
you directly to an ultimate consumer. "Wholesale sale or distribution" means any sale or 
distribution by you to a third party for resale, retail sale, or further distribution. “Component” means 
any constituent part, ingredient, element, segment or derivative. 
3.04 
Rights We Reserve 
 
(a) We reserve the right, if you fail to achieve Gross Revenues of at least $1,250,000 
($1.25 million) per year in any calendar year during the Term, to remove any territorial 
protections you have under this Agreement, upon notice to you. 
 
(b) You understand and agree that we and/or our affiliates may, in or outside the Territory 
(except as we are restricted by Section 3.02 of this Agreement), engage in any business 
activity and deploy any business concept whatsoever and use our Proprietary Marks or 
any other names or marks owned or developed by us or our affiliates in connection with 
such other concepts and business activities (including but not limited to Ivan Ramen 
“ghost kitchens” or hubs that offer only delivery or takeout services).  You further 
