 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Area Development Agreement, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply: 
 
1. The following language will appear at the end of Section 18.13 of the Area Development 
Agreement (“Venue”): 
 
“Minn. Stat. §80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring litigation to 
be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the disclosure document or 
agreement can abrogate or reduce any of Area Developer’s rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Area Developer’s rights to any procedure, forum or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.”  
 
2. No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of 
the State of Minnesota. 
 
3. Minnesota law provides Area Developers with certain termination and non-renewal rights. 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified 
cases, that Area Developer be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 
days notice for non-renewal of the area development agreement. 
 
4. Franchisor will protect Area Developer’s right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, 
logotypes or other commercial symbols and/or indemnify Area Developer from any loss, costs or 
expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
 
5. The second sentence of Section 11.02 of the Area Development Agreement (“Enforcement of 
Covenants Not To Compete”) is amended to read as follows: 
 
“Accordingly, you consent to the seeking of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by you in 
violation of the terms of the covenants not to compete set forth in this Agreement.”  
 
6. The third and fourth sentences of Section 13.03 of the Area Development Agreement (“Injunction”) 
is amended to read as follows: 
 
“You therefore agree that if you engage in this non-compliance, or unauthorized and/or improper 
use of the System or Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, we will be 
entitled to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of 
competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies which we may have at law. You consent 
to the seeking of these temporary and permanent injunctions.” 
 
7.  Any claims arising under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C must be brought within three years 
after the cause of action accrues. 
 
8. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee (or area 
developer) in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
