 
 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 
The following provisions will supersede anything to the contrary in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document or Area Development Agreement and will apply to all area franchises offered and sold 
under the laws of the State of Maryland: 
1. 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be 
brought within three years after the grant of the Area Franchise. 
2. 
Section 18.13 of the Area Development Agreement (“Venue”) requires venue to be limited to 
New York. This provision is deleted from all Area Development Agreements for residents of the 
State of Maryland and/or area franchises to be operated in the State of Maryland. 
3. 
Section 18.17 ("Your Additional Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgments") is deleted 
from all Area Development Agreements for residents of the State of Maryland and/or area 
franchises to be operated in the State of Maryland. 
4. 
The Area Development Agreement is amended to the effect that, pursuant to COMAR 
02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or 
assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law. 
5. 
The following language is added to the last sentence of Section 18.05 of the Area Development 
Agreement (“Integration of Agreement; No Oral Agreements or Representations”): “provided, 
however, that the previous language is not intended to, nor will it, act as a release, estoppel or 
waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.”  
6. 
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has 
required a financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees 
shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise 
agreement. In addition, all area development fees and initial payments by area developers shall 
be deferred until the first franchise under the area development agreement opens. 
7. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee (or area 
developer) in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
8. 
This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have 
the same force and effect as originals. 
 
[Signature page follows.]
