 
 
- 71 - 
all necessary business entity proceedings have been duly taken to authorize the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 
3. 
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by you, includes 
your legal, valid and binding obligations, and will be binding and enforceable upon 
you and your successors and assigns in accordance with its terms when executed 
by both parties. 
4. 
You do not have any liabilities, adverse claims, commitments or obligations of any 
nature as of the date of execution of this Agreement, whether accrued, unliquidated, 
absolute, contingent or otherwise which are not reflected as liabilities on the balance 
sheets of your current financial statements which you furnished to us before the 
execution of this Agreement. 
5. 
As of the date of execution of this Agreement, there are no actions, suits, 
proceedings or investigations pending or, to your knowledge or the knowledge any 
of your officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, managers, Guarantors,  
or any other owner of a direct or indirect, partial or whole interest in you (as 
applicable), after due inquiry, threatened, in any court or arbitral forum, or before 
any governmental agency or instrumentality, nor to the best of your knowledge or 
the knowledge of any such persons or entities (after due inquiry) is there any basis 
for any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation which affects or could affect, 
directly or indirectly, any of your assets, properties, rights or business; your right to 
operate and use your assets, properties or rights to carry on your business; and/or, 
which affects or could affect your right or ability to assume and carry out in all 
respects the duties, obligations and responsibilities specified in this Agreement. 
6. 
All of your representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are 
complete, correct and accurate as of the date of execution of this Agreement and 
will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
34.02 Your Acknowledgments 
You represent, warrant and acknowledge to us that: 
1. 
You understand that we do not represent that you will have theability to procure any 
required license, permit, certificate or other governmental authorization that may be 
necessary or required for you to carry out the activities contemplated by this 
Agreement. 
2. 
You acknowledge that you have received a complete copy of this Agreement and all 
related attachments and agreements at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the 
date on which this Agreement was executed. You further acknowledge that you 
have received the disclosure document required by the Trade Regulation Rule of 
the Federal Trade Commission entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions 
Concerning Franchising and Business Opportunity Ventures” at least fourteen (14) 
calendar days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed and at least 
fourteen (14) calendar days before the payment by you to us of any consideration in 
connection with the sale or proposed sale of the franchise granted by this 
Agreement. 
35. SUBMISSION OF AGREEMENT 
35.01 Submission of Agreement 
Our tendering this Agreement to you merely as an exhibit to our Franchise Disclosure Document 
(and not to you individually) does not constitute an offer. This Agreement will become effective only 
upon the execution of this Agreement by both us and you. The date that we execute this 
Agreement, referred to in this Agreement as the “Effective Date”, will be considered the date of 
execution of this Agreement. 
