 
 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we” or “us” means Ivan Ramen 
Franchising LLC, the franchisor. "You" means the individual, corporation or partnership who buys 
the franchise. If the franchisee will operate through a corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership or other business entity, "you" also includes the franchisee's owners or partners. Our 
agents for service of process in the states whose franchise laws require us to name a state agency 
as agent for service are shown on Exhibit E. 
We franchise businesses that operate casual dining restaurants (each, a “Restaurant”) specializing 
in the sale of ramen (Japanese style noodle) dishes / American Izakaya with a diverse selection of 
broths, noodles, proteins, sauces and garnishes as well as rice bowls, Japanese appetizers, 
alcoholic beverages, and other food and beverage products for on-premises (including a sit-down, 
eat-in noodle shop) and off-premises consumption (including delivery and take-out) and related 
programs, products and services (the "Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses" or the "Businesses"). 
We have not conducted business in any other line of business. We do not, but our affiliate (listed 
below) does, operate one or more Businesses of the type being franchised under this Disclosure 
Document. 
We are a New York limited liability company organized in July, 2021. We conduct business under 
the names “Ivan Ramen” and “Ivan Ramen Franchising.” Our principal business address is 42 Maple 
Street, Dobbs Ferry, NY 10522 and our telephone numbers are (914) 406-1169 and (512) 788-0170. 
Our parent company is Ivan Ramen Holdings Co, LLC, a New York limited liability company formed 
in February 2015, which has the same principal business address as us. It is a holding company and 
has not engaged in operating any business.  We have no predecessors. 
We were formed in July 2021 and began offering franchises in 2021. Our affiliate, Ivan 
Ramen USA LLC, a New York limited liability company with a principal place of business at 25 
Clinton Street, New York, NY 10002, has owned and operated one Ivan Ramen Restaurant business, 
in New York City, since May 2016. Our affiliate, Ramen Junkie USA LLC, a New York limited liability 
company with a principal place of business at 42 Maple Street, Dobbs Ferry, NY 10522, previously 
owned and operated an “Ivan Ramen Slurp Shop” business in New York City from approximately 
2013 to November 2020. We also offer franchises in certain other countries, including having sold a 
master franchise for Ivan Ramen restaurants and certain other types of outlets in the United Kingdom 
in 2023. 
Our affiliate, Ivan Ramen IP Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability, has licensed us the rights to 
use the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property 
and to sublicense them to our franchisees in a cross-license agreement dated as of July 12, 2021. 
Ivan Ramen IP Holdings LLC also previously engaged in licensing of Ivan Ramen ghost kitchens (a 
different concept and format which is not offered under this disclosure document) in the United States 
in 2020 but ceased doing so.  Another affiliate of ours, Ivan Ramen Consulting Group, LLC, was 
engaged in licensing of the right to operate Ivan Ramen “dark kitchens” / “ghost kitchens” or hubs 
(combined with other brands) to DoorDash Kitchens Inc., which license was limited to the territory of 
Brooklyn, New York, but ceased doing so in 2024.  As of the date of this disclosure document, the 
ghost kitchens licensing program is not actively operating, as the brand focuses in the United States 
on expanding the “brick-and-mortar” Ivan Ramen Restaurant concept. 
In addition, our affiliate, Ivan Ramen Consulting Group is also engaged in licensing a different, 
tangential concept and brand, called Ivan Mazemen, which has a different culinary focus, is not a sit-
down restaurant, does not have table service, and is currently being developed only in the United 
Kingdom and Western Europe. 
