 
 
- 57 - 
20. 
You do not purchase or maintain any category of insurance required by this 
Agreement. 
21. 
You, your franchised Business, your Operations Manager, your Restaurant Chef, 
your Trainer, and/or your Restaurant violate any law, rule or regulation, and/or 
engages in any act or practice, which subjects you and/or us to widespread 
publicity, ridicule or derision. 
22. 
You breach the provisions of this Agreement relating to advertising standards and 
do not cure this breach within three days following written notice from us. 
23. 
You purchase any proprietary programs, products or services from us or our 
affiliates, or purchase from us, our affiliates or any third party non-proprietary goods, 
programs, products or services pursuant to a systemwide supply contract we 
negotiate, and you use, divert, sell or otherwise exploit such programs, products or 
services for the benefit of any other individual, entity or business. 
24. 
You operate your franchised Business and/or your Restaurant in a fashion that, in 
our business judgment, in any way jeopardizes the life, health or safety of the 
general public, your customers and/or your employees. If you do so, then not only 
may we terminate this Agreement upon notice, but you agree that we may either 
beforehand or concurrently direct you to immediately close your Restaurant; you 
shall immediately comply with such direction (which may be given orally or in 
writing); and, you shall hold us harmless from and against any claims whatsoever 
relating to our direction to close your Restaurant. 
25. 
You make any use of our Confidential Information and/or Proprietary Marks not 
specifically authorized by this Agreement or our Brand Standards, or you directly or 
indirectly utilize or devote same for the benefit of any individual or entity other than 
your franchised Business. 
26. 
You engage in any act or conduct, or fail to engage in any act or conduct, which 
under this Agreement specifically authorizes us to terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon notice to you. 
27. 
You default under any agreement between you and any lessor or sublessor of your 
Location and you do not cure the default within the period specified in the Location’s 
Lease or Sublease (as applicable). 
28. 
You or any of your owners’ assets, property, or interests are blocked under any law, 
ordinance, or regulation relating to terrorist activities, or you or any of your owners 
otherwise violate any such law, ordinance, or regulation. 
29. 
You (or any of your owners) fail to cure within the applicable time period any 
breaches under this Agreement, or any other agreement between you (or any of 
your affiliates) and us (or any of our affiliates) including, but not limited to, any other 
franchise agreement, area development agreement, lease or promissory note. 
17.03 Termination by Us – Thirty Days to Cure 
Except as provided in Section 17.01, 17.02 or in this Section 17.03, you will have thirty calendar 
days after we furnish you with a written notice of default, transmitted in accordance with the terms 
of Section 26.01 of this Agreement, to cure any default under this Agreement (or, if the default 
cannot reasonably be cured within this time, to initiate action to cure the default within such time 
and complete cure within the shortest reasonable time thereafter) and to provide us with evidence 
that you have done so. If you have not cured any default within the applicable cure period specified 
in this Section 17.03 (or, if the default cannot reasonably be cured within such time, you have not 
initiated action to cure the default within the applicable cure period and thereafter cure the default 
within the shortest reasonable time thereafter), or any longer period that applicable law may 
