 
 
- 42 - 
If you are a business entity, then for the purposes of this Agreement, “assignment” includes 
(without limitation) the transfer, issuance or redemption in the aggregate of more than 25% of the 
voting power or (as applicable) the capital stock, partnership interest, membership interest or any 
other species of ownership interest in you (or any lesser percentage sufficient to control your 
business entity or the franchised Business, as the term “control” is most broadly defined by any 
United States or state securities and/or corporate and/or partnership law) to any person or entity 
who is not (i) already a (as applicable) shareholder, member, partner or other category of owner of 
your franchised Business; (ii) the spouse of such individual; (iii) a trust controlled by such 
individual; or, (iv) a business entity owned, controlled and composed solely of such individuals in 
the same proportionate ownership interest as each such individual had in you before the 
assignment, as provided below. You agree to immediately report to us all such transfers or 
assignments of ownership in your business entity, even if less than 25%, in accordance with the 
procedure set forth in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
14.03 Assignment By You – To A Business Entity You Form 
If you are an individual and would like to transfer your interest in this Agreement to a business 
entity you form solely for the convenience of business entity ownership, you must obtain our prior 
written consent. We will not unreasonably withhold consent if all of the following conditions are 
met: 
A. 
The business entity must be newly organized and duly formed, and its activities 
must be confined exclusively to serving as “Franchisee” under this Agreement 
(unless we otherwise consent in writing). 
B. 
You must be the sole owner of all ownership interests in the business entity and its 
principal officer or manager (as applicable) (or the sole owner of 75% or more of all 
ownership interests in the business entity, with the remaining owners being your 
spouse and/or adult children). 
C. 
If more than two individuals serve as “Franchisee” hereunder, each individual must 
have the same proportionate ownership interest in the business entity as he or she 
had in the franchised Business before the transfer. 
D. 
You and the business entity must execute an agreement with us under which you 
and the business entity agree to be jointly and severally liable for all duties, 
responsibilities and obligations to us under this Agreement and expressly agree to 
be bound by all of the terms, conditions and covenants of this Agreement. Each 
then-current and future owner of any interest in the business entity must agree in 
writing to personally guarantee the performance by the business entity of your 
obligations under this Agreement, and to be individually bound by all of the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement and any other agreements between you and us, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit H to this Agreement. 
E. 
Each present and future owner of any interest in the business entity must execute 
our Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit 
E-1 to this Agreement. 
F. 
The name of the business entity formed by you may not include the Proprietary 
Mark “Ivan Ramen”, any variant thereof or any word confusingly similar thereto. 
G. 
Your business entity must comply in all respects with the requirements and 
prohibitions set forth in Section 8.17 of this Agreement (“Business Entity 
Requirements and Records”). 
Any transfer pursuant to this Section 14.03 will not be subject to our right of first refusal below and 
will not require you to pay to us any transfer fee.  
