 
 
- 59 - 
13. You fail to operate your Restaurant during the days and hours specified in our Brand 
Standards without our prior written approval. 
14. You fail to maintain and operate your Restaurant in a good, clean and sound 
manner and in strict compliance with our standards for speed, service, quality, 
cleanliness and maintenance as set forth in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
15. Any Guarantor fails to comply with any of the requirements imposed by or pursuant 
to the Guarantee addressed in Section 31.02 of this Agreement. 
16. You do not devote the amount of your time and attention and/or your best efforts to 
the performance of your duties of this Agreement necessary for the proper and 
effective operation of your franchised Business and/or Restaurant. 
17. You fail to implement (and, at your expense, take all steps necessary to implement) 
and thereafter adhere to any new or changed System requirements. 
18. A final judgment not subject to appeal is entered against you or any Guarantor and 
remains unsatisfied for more than thirty days or, if any such judgment is subject to 
appeal, you do not prosecute such appeal within thirty days (or such shorter period 
as any law, rule or regulation requires). 
19. You fail to comply with any other requirement imposed by this Agreement or our 
Brand Standards, or otherwise fail to carry out the terms of this Agreement in good 
faith. 
17.04 Description of Default 
The description of any default in any notice that we transmit to you will in no way preclude us from 
specifying additional or supplemental defaults under this Agreement or any related agreements in 
any action, proceeding, hearing or lawsuit relating to this Agreement or the termination of this 
Agreement. 
17.05 Your Failure to Pay Constitutes Your Termination of This Agreement 
Your failure to timely cure any breach of your obligation to make payments of  Continuing 
Royalties, System Brand Contributions, or any other monies due and owing to us or our affiliates 
under this Agreement, or to timely cure any other breach of this Agreement committed by you, in 
either instance following our notice to you that you have committed a breach of this Agreement and 
granting you an opportunity to cure said breach (if such activities are required of us prior to our 
terminating this Agreement), will be irrevocably deemed to constitute your unilateral rejection and 
termination of this Agreement and all related agreements between you and us or our affiliates, 
notwithstanding that a formal notice of such termination(s) ultimately issues from us, and you shall 
never contend or complain otherwise. 
17.06 Continuance of Business Relations 
Any continuance of business relations between you and us after the termination or expiration of 
this Agreement will not constitute, and may not be construed as, a reinstatement, renewal, 
extension or continuation of this Agreement unless you and we agree in writing to any such 
renewal, extension or continuation. 
17.07 Notice Required By Law 
If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental authority with jurisdiction 
over this Agreement or the parties to this Agreement limits our rights to terminate this Agreement 
or requires longer notice or cure periods than those set forth above, then this Agreement will be 
considered modified to conform to the minimum notice, cure periods or restrictions upon 
termination required by such laws and regulations. We will not, however, be precluded from 
contesting the validity, enforceability or application of the laws or regulations in any action, 
proceeding, hearing or dispute relating to this Agreement or the termination of this Agreement. 
