 
 
- 20 - 
Restaurants on account of those suppliers’ prospective or actual dealings with your franchised 
Restaurant and other Ivan Ramen Restaurants. That revenue may or may not be related to 
services we or our affiliates perform. All amounts received from suppliers, whether or not based on 
your or other franchisees’ purchases from those suppliers, will be our and our affiliates’ exclusive 
property, which we and our affiliates may retain and use without restriction for any purposes we 
and our affiliates deem appropriate. Any products or services that we or our affiliates sell you 
directly may be sold to you at prices exceeding our and their costs. 
We also reserve the right to direct that any supplier rebates, refunds, advertising allowances or 
other consideration payable or paid as a result of your purchases of non-proprietary goods, 
services or equipment be paid until further notice to the System Brand Fund (to be expended as 
provided in this Agreement). If we do so, then you hereby acknowledge that you will not assert any 
interest in such monies.   
D. 
Systemwide Supply Contracts 
We may, in the exercise of our business judgment, enter into supply contracts either for all 
Restaurants or a subset of Restaurants situated within one or more geographic regions (each, a 
“systemwide supply contract”).  We may enter in such systemwide supply contracts with one or 
more vendors for programs, products, supplies, equipment, materials and services that all 
company-owned and franchised Restaurants in the United States, or company-owned and 
franchised Restaurants in a designated geographic area, will be required to purchase, use and/or 
sell.  If we do so, then immediately upon notification, you, we and all other Restaurants (or, as 
applicable, those in the designated geographic area) must purchase the specified program, 
product, supply, equipment, material or service only from the designated supplier.  However, if at 
the time of our notification you are already a party to a non-terminable supply contract with another 
vendor or supplier for the item in question, then your obligation to purchase from our designated 
supplier under the systemwide supply contract will not begin until the scheduled expiration (or 
earlier termination) of your pre-existing supply contract. 
We make no representation that we will enter into any systemwide supply contracts or other 
exclusive supply arrangements or, if we do so, that you would not otherwise be able to purchase 
the same programs, products and/or services at a lower price from another supplier. We may add 
to, modify, substitute or discontinue systemwide supply contracts or exclusive supply arrangements 
in the exercise of our business judgment. 
E. 
Technology Requirements 
You understand and agree that it is vital for the System to feature state-of-the-art digital, e-
commerce and other modern capabilities, platforms, “apps” and other now or hereafter developed 
infrastructure, tools, systems and analytics, and that these capabilities are constantly evolving and 
require continued focus, investment and innovation, all of which may trigger your need to comply 
with all current and any hereafter developed hardware and software purchase and utilization 
requirements we impose, as provided hereafter. 
You must purchase, utilize, maintain, retire and replace the technology serving your franchised 
Business and as and when we require in the Brand Standards or otherwise in writing.  Before the 
opening of the franchised Restaurant, you agree to procure and install, at your expense, the 
computer hardware, software, wired and/or wireless internet connections and service, required 
dedicated telephone and power lines, “smart phone” automated customer purchase tracking 
facilities and other computer-related accessories, peripherals and equipment that we specify in our 
Brand Standards or otherwise (the “computer and Point of Sale Systems”). You agree to obtain 
and maintain high-speed broadband communications access or other high-speed capacity that we 
require for your computer and Point of Sale systems. You also agree to maintain at all times a 
functioning e-mail address for your Business and such wi-fi service for your customers as we may 
designate in the Brand Standards. Despite the fact that you agree to buy, use, and maintain the 
computer and Point of Sale systems according to our standards and specifications, you will have 
sole and complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of 
