 
 
- 33 - 
national or regional advertising program or campaign cannot effectively advertise or promote in 
certain regions or communities. If we determine that the total System Brand Fund Contributions 
collected from all Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchisees and company-owned Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant Businesses is insufficient to sustain a meaningful regional or national advertising 
campaign, we may rebate all or a portion of the Fund contributions to franchisees and our (or our 
affiliates’) company-owned Businesses on a pro rata basis. Franchisees must expend any rebate 
on the types of local advertising and media that we determine. All rebate advertising expenditures 
must be documented to us in a monthly rebate advertising expenditure report form which we will 
furnish in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
H. 
The Fund will not be used for any activity whose sole purpose is the sale of 
franchises. However the design and maintenance of our Web site (for which Fund monies may be 
used) may, without violating the provisions of this Agreement, include information and solicitations 
for prospective franchisees and public relations and community involvement activities which may 
result in greater awareness of the Ivan Ramen brand and the franchise opportunities we offer. 
I. 
Although the System Brand Fund is intended to be a perpetual duration, we 
maintain the right to terminate the Fund, but will not do so until all of the monies in the Fund have 
been expended for advertising and promotional purposes. 
J. 
If and when we determine to form a Regional Brand Fund, we will notify you. All 
provisions above regarding the System Brand Fund will then apply to such Regional Brand Fund 
as well, but in a regional context, mutatis mutandis. 
10.02 Advertising Standards You Must Comply With 
You may only use advertising which we have either furnished or approved in writing in advance. 
You agree to conduct all advertising which uses the Proprietary Marks or refers in any way to your 
franchised Business in a dignified manner and in a fashion calculated to avoid fraud, illegality, 
deception, misrepresentation, embarrassment, shame, ridicule, disparagement or liability of any 
type or nature accruing to you, us, your franchised Business, the System, your Restaurant or other 
Ivan Ramen franchisees or Businesses. You agree to conform all of your advertising to the 
standards, specifications and requirements specified in writing by us, in our Brand Standards or 
otherwise. 
If we learn that you have breached these requirements, we will notify you in writing and if you do 
not cure the breach within three days following delivery of our notice, then we may terminate or 
remove any unauthorized advertising at your expense, and will also be entitled to terminate this 
Agreement unilaterally and immediately upon notice to you (which we may also do if your breach, 
by its nature, is incurable). 
Under this Agreement, the term “advertising” is defined to mean any and all advertising, 
identification and promotional materials and programs of any type or nature whatsoever including 
print and broadcast advertisements; direct mail materials; brochures; advertising specialties; 
electronic 
commerce 
communications 
and 
“bulletin 
boards”; 
any 
advertising 
on 
the 
internet/worldwide web; any advertising or promotion on social media; public relations and brand 
awareness programs; direct mail; door hangers; freestanding inserts and coupons; sponsorships; 
point of sale materials; press releases; business cards; displays; leaflets; telephone and computer 
greetings; messages and voice-mail/e-mail sent to or accessible by customers or other third 
parties; promotional material captured in any electronic medium; any advertising through any 
hereafter developed media, platforms, devices or modes of communication; and, any other 
material or communication which we denominate as “advertising” in our Brand Standards or 
otherwise. 
You agree to submit to us for approval, before use or dissemination, copies of all proposed 
advertising you intend to use (except for advertising which we furnish to you under this Agreement 
or advertising you have previously submitted and we have approved), as well as copies of any 
advertising previously approved by us during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding 
