 
 
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Area 
Development Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply to all area franchises 
offered and sold under the laws of the State of New York: 
 
1. The second sentence of Section 11.02 of the Area Development Agreement (“Enforcement of 
Covenants Not To Compete”) is amended to read as follows: 
 
"Accordingly, you consent to the seeking of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by you in 
violation of the terms of the covenants not to compete set forth in this Agreement."  
 
2. The third and fourth sentences of Section 13.03 of the Area Development Agreement (“Injunction”) 
is amended to read as follows: 
 
"You therefore agree that if you engage in this non-compliance, or unauthorized and/or 
improper use of the System or Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, 
we will be entitled to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any 
court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies which we may have at law. You 
consent to the seeking of these temporary and permanent injunctions." 
 
3. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee (or area 
developer) in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
4. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have 
the same force and effect as originals. 
 
 
[Signature page follows.] 
 
