 
- 30 - 
your Territory, so long as the other business does not sell under the Proprietary Marks the type of 
products or services which your Ivan Ramen Business offers and sells, except as permitted below. 
You will receive no compensation for these businesses’ sales. 
Only we and/or our affiliates have the right to sell within and outside your Territory, under the 
Proprietary Marks, all products or services and/or their components or ingredients -- including those 
used or sold by your Ivan Ramen Restaurant -- through any method of distribution other than an Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant situated within your Territory, including the internet/worldwide web; any other 
form of electronic commerce; “800” or similar toll-free telephone numbers; mail order; catalogs; 
telemarketing or other direct marketing sales; television sales (including “infomercials”); food trucks; 
take-away premises; “ghost kitchens” or similar hubs (offering delivery or takeout only); online 
networks; other permanent, temporary or seasonal food service facilities; or, any other channel of 
distribution except for an Ivan Ramen Restaurant. You will receive no compensation for our or our 
affiliates’ sales through alternative distribution channels. You (as franchisee) do not have the right to 
use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct 
marketing, to make sales outside your Territory. 
In addition, we and/or our affiliates have the right to sell (directly, or through other franchisees or 
licensees) Ivan Ramen System products and services at nontraditional locations, including 
nontraditional locations situated in your Territory, through the establishment of Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants, kiosks, mobile units, concessions or “shop in shops”. “Nontraditional locations” include 
resorts; food retailers (including supermarkets, grocery stores and convenience stores); schools and 
universities; hospital and healthcare facilities; guest lodging facilities; day care facilities of any type; 
government facilities; condominium and cooperative complexes; the premises of any third party 
retailer (including shops, stores and department stores); military bases and installations; and, any 
other location or venue to which access to the general public is restricted. You will receive no 
compensation for our or our affiliates’ sales at nontraditional locations. 
Both within and outside the Territory, only we and/or our affiliates have the right to sell Ivan Ramen 
System products and services to national, regional and institutional accounts. “National, Regional 
and Institutional accounts” are organizational or institutional customers whose presence is not 
confined to your Territory, including (for example): business entities with offices or branches situated 
both inside and outside of your Territory; government agencies, branches or facilities; guest lodging 
networks; healthcare networks; the military; and, any other customer whose presence is not confined 
to your Territory. Only we will have the right to enter into contracts with national, regional and/or 
institutional accounts, which may include facilities within your Territory.  If we receive orders for any 
Ivan Ramen products or services calling for delivery or performance in your Territory as a result of 
our engaging in commerce with National, Regional and Institutional Accounts, then we will have the 
right, but not the obligation, either to require you to fulfill the orders at the price we agree on with the 
customer or to give you the opportunity to fulfill the orders at the price we agree on with the customer. 
If we give you the opportunity to fulfill an order and if, for any reason, you do not desire to or cannot 
serve the customer, or if the customer desires for any or no reason to deal exclusively with us, our 
affiliate or another franchisee and not with you, then we, our affiliate or any other Ivan Ramen 
franchisee may serve the customer within your Territory, and you will not be entitled to any 
compensation. The procedures governing our National, Regional and Institutional Accounts program 
are set forth in our Brand Standards. 
We may purchase, merge, acquired, be acquired by or affiliate with an existing competitive or non-
competitive franchise or non-franchise network, chain or any other business regardless of the 
location of that other business’ facilities, and we may then operate, franchise or license those other 
businesses and/or facilities under any names or marks other than the Proprietary Marks regardless 
of the location of these businesses and/or facilities, which may be within the Territory or immediately 
near it. You will receive no compensation for these activities. 
