 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO  
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY 
THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the State of Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act (the 
“Act”), §19-28.1 et seq., the Franchise Disclosure Document submitted by Ivan Ramen Franchising 
LLC for use in the State of Rhode Island is amended as follows: 
 
1. Item 17 u.- Dispute resolution by arbitration or mediation shall comply with §19-28.1-21 of 
the Act - Private civil actions - and be amended to read:  
 
(a.) A person who violates any provision of this Act is liable to the franchisee for damages, 
costs, and attorneys and experts fees.  In the case of a violation of §§ 19-28.1-5, 19-28.1-8, 
or 19-28.1-17(1)-(5), the franchisee may also sue for rescission. No person shall be liable 
under this section if the defendant proves that the plaintiff knew the facts concerning the 
violation.   
(b) Every person who directly or indirectly controls a person liable under this section, every 
principal executive officer or director of the liable person, every person occupying a similar 
status or performing similar functions, and every agent or employee of a liable person, who 
materially aids in the act or transaction constituting the violation, is also liable jointly and 
severally with and to the same extent as the person liable under this section, unless the 
agent, employee, officer, or director proves he or she did not know, and in the exercise of 
reasonable care could not have known of the existence of the fact by reason of which the 
liability is alleged to exist. 
 
2.  Item 17 v. - Choice of forum and Item 17 w. - Choice of law shall comply with § 19-28.1-
14 of the Act - Jurisdiction and venue - and be amended to read:  
 
A provision in a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this 
state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim 
otherwise enforceable under this Act. 
 
3. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any 
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
 
