 
 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
The following provisions will supersede anything to the contrary in the Franchise Disclosure Document 
or Franchise Agreement and will apply to all franchises offered and sold under the laws of the State of Maryland: 
1. 
The following language is added to Sections 13.01(H) and 14.04(O) of the Franchise Agreement: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, pursuant to COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release 
required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under 
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
2. 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brought 
within three years after the grant of the Franchise. 
3. 
Section 30.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Venue”) requires venue to be limited to New York. This 
provision is deleted from all Franchise Agreements for residents of the State of Maryland and/or 
franchises to be operated in the State of Maryland. 
4. 
Section 34.02 ("Your Acknowledgments") is deleted from all Franchise Agreements for residents of the 
State of Maryland and/or franchises to be operated in the State of Maryland. 
5. 
The following sentences are added at the end of the last paragraph of Section 3.04 of the Franchise 
Agreement (“Rights We Reserve”):  
 
"The waivers and releases in this paragraph are not intended to nor will they act as a release, estoppel or 
waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. The 
waivers and releases in this paragraph will not apply to claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law." 
6. 
The following language is added to the last sentence of Section 24.01 of the Franchise Agreement 
(“Integration of Agreement”): “provided, however, that the previous language is not intended to, nor will it, 
act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law.”  
7. 
The following sentence is added at the end of Section 25.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“No Oral 
Modification”): “This Section is not intended to, nor will it, act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any 
liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
8. 
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has required a 
financial assurance.  Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until 
the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement. In addition, all area 
development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be deferred until the first franchise under 
the area development agreement opens. 
 
9. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. 
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
10. 
If the franchise agreement or any agreement executed by the franchisee in connection therewith includes 
any questionnaire to be completed by or acknowledgments to be made by the franchisee that are 
contrary to the Statement of Policy Regarding the Use of Franchise Questionnaires and 
Acknowledgments, adopted on September 18, 2022 by the North American Securities Administrators 
