 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will 
supersede and apply: 
 
1. The following language will appear at the end of Section 30.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Venue”): 
 
"Minn. Stat. §80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted 
outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the disclosure document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any 
of Franchisee's rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee's rights to any 
procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction."  
 
2. No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or any other person, 
directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of the State of Minnesota. 
 
3. Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non-renewal rights. Minnesota Statutes, 
Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be given 
90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the franchise 
agreement. 
 
4. Franchisor will protect Franchisee's right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or 
other commercial symbols and/or indemnify Franchisee from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any 
claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
 
5. The second sentence of Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Enforcement of Covenants Not To 
Compete”) is amended to read as follows: 
 
"Accordingly, you consent to the seeking of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by you in violation of the 
terms of the covenants not to compete set forth in this Agreement."  
 
6. The third and fourth sentences of Section 23.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Injunction”) is amended to 
read as follows: 
 
"You therefore agree that if you engage in this non-compliance, or unauthorized and/or improper use of 
the System or Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, we will be entitled to seek 
both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in 
addition to all other remedies which we may have at law. You consent to the seeking of these temporary 
and permanent injunctions." 
 
7.  Any claims arising under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C must be brought within three years after the  
     cause of action accrues. 
 
8.  No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. 
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
9. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. Signatures via DocuSign, .PDF file, facsimile, or other electronic format have the same force 
and effect as originals. 
 
[signature page follows]
