 
 
- 17 - 
8.07 
Participation in the Operation of the Business; Operations Manager; Trainer 
You agree, at all times during the Term, to have in place qualified personnel to personally oversee 
the work of the individuals who run the day-to-day operation of your franchised Business. You 
agree to devote your time, attention and best efforts to honestly and diligently perform your 
obligations under this Agreement, all ancillary documents relating to this Agreement and all other 
agreements which may now or hereafter be in effect between us (or any affiliate) and you (or any 
affiliate) and to promote the Restaurant. If you are licensed to operate more than one Business, 
then you agree to devote such amount of your time and attention to the performance of your duties 
as is necessary for the proper and effective operation of each such Business.  
You must designate an “Operations Manager” for the effective operation of your franchised 
Business. If your entity’s principal owner is an individual, then such individual may serve as the 
Operations Manager. If you are an individual, then you may serve as the Operations Manager. If 
your Operations Manager is not your principal owner, then before designating and engaging the 
services of the Operations Manager, you must identify such individual to us; furnish information to 
us (including a completed background check, at your expense) regarding the candidate’s 
background, experience and credentials; and, secure our prior written approval of the candidate, 
which we will not unreasonably withhold or deny. The Operations Manager must attend and 
successfully complete our Initial Training Program. In addition, the proposed Operations Manager 
must demonstrate to our satisfaction (both at the time of approval and on a continuing basis 
thereafter) that he/she satisfies our educational, managerial and business standards, and has the 
aptitude and ability to conduct, operate and supervise your franchised Business. 
You must immediately notify us within five (5) days upon the death, disability or termination of 
employment of your Operations Manager, for any cause or reason, or if your Operations Manager 
no longer qualifies as such. You must designate a successor or acting Operations Manager 
promptly and, in any event, no later than ten days following the death, disability or termination of 
the predecessor Operations Manager. The above protocols and procedures governing your 
proposal and our approval of your initial Operations Manager shall apply to any successor 
Operations Manager you may propose.  Any successor Operations Manager must possess those 
credentials set forth in our Brand Standards, must attend and successfully complete our next 
scheduled Initial Training Program and must attend and successfully complete such other 
reasonable training at such times as we may specify, all at your expense. The failure to employ 
and train a successor Operations Manager will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. 
You must designate a “Trainer” for the effective operations of your franchised Business. If your 
entity’s principal owner is an individual, then such individual may serve as the Trainer. If you are an 
individual, then you may serve as the Trainer. Your Trainer will be responsible for training your 
Restaurant staff. The Trainer role can also be filled by your Operations Manager, or an additional 
person whom you hire for the Trainer position. You must have a Trainer who has completed our 
entire Initial Training Program, at all times during the term of operation of your franchised Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant. If you (the franchisee) are a business entity, your Trainer need not have any 
equity interest in your business entity. 
8.08 
Requirements Concerning Programs, Products and Services 
A. 
Programs, Products and Services You Sell 
You agree to sell all programs, products and services which are part of the System and all other 
programs, products and services which we in the future incorporate into the System unless, as to 
any one or more items, sale is prohibited by local law or regulation or we have granted you our 
advance written approval to exclude certain programs, products, or services.  You may not sell any 
program, product or service which is not a part of the System or which we delete from the System.  
You must maintain in sufficient supply products, materials, supplies and paper goods as conform to 
our then-current written standards and specifications (as set forth in the Brand Standards or 
otherwise) and must refrain from deviating therefrom by the use of any non-conforming items 
