 
- 22 - 
be compelled to observe; engaging in marketing, promotional and related campaigns which 
you must participate in and which may directly or indirectly impact your retail prices; and, 
otherwise mandating, directly or indirectly, the maximum and/or minimum retail prices which 
your franchised Restaurant may charge the public. We may do so only in certain geographic 
areas (cities, states, regions) and not others, or with regard to certain groups of franchisees 
and not others. Any maximum, minimum or other prices we prescribe or suggest may or may 
not optimize the revenues or profitability of your franchised Restaurant. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 7.07) 
 (13)    With respect to the preparation for opening and opening of your Restaurant, we will provide 
a chief management level employee of ours or another senior representative of ours, for up 
to five (5) business days, to assist you with such on-site pre-opening as well as opening 
assistance as we deem appropriate and advisable in our business judgment; provided, that: 
(a) we shall have the right to determine to provide the pre-opening portion of such “on-site” 
assistance at a location other than your Location (such as our own affiliated-owned 
Restaurant or our training facilities in New York City), require you to travel to such location 
for such purpose at your own cost and expense, and to have such training or assistance have 
such duration as we determine (but not more than five business days); and (b) you must also 
reimburse us for any related expenses incurred by our representatives in providing such 
assistance to you, such as their costs of travel, lodging, and meals. Beyond the foregoing, if 
you request our further pre-opening and opening assistance, or we otherwise deem such 
assistance appropriate, we may charge a reasonable fee for our services, in addition to 
requiring you to pay or reimburse us for any expenses incurred by our employees or 
representatives. After any pre-opening and opening assistance we provide, you may request 
on-site training or assistance at any time in accordance with guidelines we may specify in the 
Brand Standards or otherwise. We will not be obligated to provide such on-site training or 
assistance, but if we elect to do so, we may impose a fee for each day of on-site training or 
assistance we agree to provide, up to $2,500 per day. The timing of all such additional on-
site advice, consultation and training provided will be subject to the availability of our 
personnel and our business judgment. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.03) 
(14) 
Once we receive your request to open your Restaurant, we will notify you in writing whether 
or not the Restaurant meets our standards and specifications. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 8.01) 
Obligations After Opening 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
(1) 
Furnish you with the field support services, supervision and/or assistance that we consider 
advisable through on-site visits, off-site sessions, telephonic, electronic or other 
communication modes. You may also at any time communicate with our headquarters for 
consultation and guidance with respect to the operation and management of your Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant. The timing of these services will be subject to the availability of our 
personnel. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.05)  
(2) 
Approve or disapprove any advertising, direct mail, identification and promotional materials 
and programs you propose within ten (10) business days of receipt. If we do not respond 
within ten (10) business days, the material is disapproved. (Franchise Agreement, Section 
10.02) 
(2) 
Furnish you with any specifications for required products and services. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 8.08) 
 (3) 
Specify to you the approved suppliers from whom to purchase our proprietary products.  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 8.08.) 
