 
- 44 - 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
d. If we terminate the Franchise Agreement for your default or you terminate 
through failure to make payment following notice to cure (see section d. above), 
pay us all expenses and damages incurred as a result of your default or 
termination. Damages may include, for example, lost profits, lost opportunities, 
damage to our Proprietary Marks and reputation, travel and personnel costs and 
the cost of securing a new Business for the Territory. 
e. If we request, assign us your interest in the Restaurant Location lease and 
vacate promptly. 
f. Immediately deliver to us all confidential information, Brand Standards, 
manuals, computer software and database material, customer lists, records and 
files, forms, advertising and promotional material, signs and related items which 
bear our Proprietary Marks. 
g. Immediately sign agreements necessary for termination. 
h. Stop using the telephone numbers listed in directories under the name "Ivan 
Ramen" or any confusingly similar name. 
i. Strictly comply with the post-termination/post-expiration covenants not to 
compete. 
j. Continue to abide by restrictions on the use of our Confidential Information, 
trade secrets and know-how. 
k. Immediately refrain from engaging in any contacts with customers, suppliers, 
employees and all vendors of the Ivan Ramen Restaurant. 
l. Immediately surrender to us all computer software, data storage disks or tapes 
and other electronic media used in the operation of the franchised Business, 
printouts, and other information pertaining to computer operations, codes, 
procedures and programming. 
m. In fifteen (15) days, arrange with us for an inventory of personal property, 
fixtures, equipment, inventory and supplies. We have option for thirty (30) days 
to buy these at fair market value. 
m. If we choose not to take over the Restaurant, redecorate and remodel it to 
deidentify it. 
If we terminate for cause, we can take possession of the Business. If you dispute 
the termination, then we can operate the Business until the final court 
determination. If the court decides the termination was not valid, we must make 
a complete accounting for the period when we operated the Business. 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
Section 
14.01 
We will have the right to assign if the assignee is financially responsible and 
economically capable of performing our obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement, and agrees to perform these obligations. We may sell our assets, 
Proprietary Marks, or System; go public, etc. (see Franchise Agreement) 
We have the right to delegate the performance of any portion or all of our 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement to third party designees, whether 
these designees are our agents or independent contractors with whom we have 
contracted to perform these obligations.  
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition 
Section 
14.02 
Any assignment, transfer, subfranchising, sublicensing, sale, redemption or 
division of Agreement, franchised Business, Restaurant, any interest in them or 
a business entity franchisee. 
l. Our approval 
of transfer by 
you 
Section 
14.02, 
14.03  
No transfer without our consent except as provided in Franchise Agreement (for 
example, transfer to a business entity you form for convenience, if you first 
obtain our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold in such 
an instance if the conditions stated in the Franchise Agreement are met). 
