 
- 29 - 
consultation and training (after the Initial Training Program) will be subject to the availability of our 
personnel. 
We may from periodically conduct an annual conference, convention or training session. We will 
determine the duration, curriculum and location of these. You (if an individual) and your Operations 
Manager must attend each annual conference, convention or training session. 
You must pay all the expenses incurred by your trainees or attendees in connection with the Initial 
Training Program and any other training, conferences, conventions or other meetings your trainees 
attend, including, for example, their salaries, transportation costs, meals, lodging and other living 
expenses. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7) 
Time to Open 
You must open your Restaurant within 15 months after we sign your Franchise Agreement. We 
estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and the 
opening of your Ivan Ramen business is 12 months. Factors affecting time include attendance at 
and satisfactory completion of our Initial Training Program, obtaining a satisfactory Restaurant site, 
arranging for any financing, complying with local ordinances, completing delivery and installation of 
equipment and signs and procuring opening inventory. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
Franchise Agreement 
We will grant you a geographic area with limited protections described below (the "Territory"). The 
minimum Territory we grant you will consist of all or a specified part of a city or municipality around 
your outlet as we determine in our business judgment. There is no minimum specified part of a city 
or municipality granted as a minimum territory.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may 
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that we control. We will describe your Territory in detail in Exhibit 
A to your Franchise Agreement.  
You may operate your franchised Business from only one Restaurant Location. "Restaurant 
Location" means a location you select and we approve, from which you conduct the Ivan Ramen 
Business. 
You may not relocate the Restaurant without our previous written approval. You must reimburse us 
for any reasonable costs we incur in considering your request. We will grant approval if you are in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement, you have paid all money owed to us and our affiliates, 
the proposed location meets our site selection criteria, and you comply with the lease requirements 
in the Franchise Agreement. We may, if we wish, inspect your proposed new location and impose a 
time requirement on by when you must re-open at the new location. 
Your Ivan Ramen Business may only offer and sell its products and services from your Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant and only to customers within the Territory. Your Business may not sell any products or 
services outside of the Territory (except as described in the following paragraphs) or through any 
alternative channels of distribution. 
While the Franchise Agreement is in effect, we and our affiliates will not, in your Territory, operate a 
company-owned Ivan Ramen Business of the type franchised, or grant a franchise for a similar or 
competitive business, except as described below. Outside the Territory, we and our affiliates can 
operate any number of Ivan Ramen Restaurants, and/or authorize others to operate them, at any 
location, including locations that may be near, but not within, the Territory  
We and/or our affiliates may engage in any type of business activity in or outside the Territory except 
as we are restricted as described in the preceding paragraph. The Franchise Agreement does not 
confer upon you any right to participate in or benefit from any other business activity, whether it is 
conducted under the Proprietary Marks or not. For example, we and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate or authorize others to own or operate any type of business at any location, including within 
