 
- 19 - 
Obligation 
Section in Area Development 
Agreement 
Item in 
Disclosure 
Document 
w. 
Non-competition covenants 
Article 11  
Item 17 
x.  
Dispute resolution 
Article 18 
Item 17 
y.  
Other: Guarantee 
Section 18.15, Exhibit D 
Item 15 
 
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease or obligation. 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE,  
ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Pre-Opening Obligations – Area Development Agreement: 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement with us, then, under the Area Development Agreement, 
we will: 
(1) 
Designate your Development Territory, the number of Businesses you will open, and the 
development schedule setting the timetable you will follow for opening the Businesses, 
based on our mutual agreement. (Area Development Agreement, Sections 3.01 and 6.01) 
You and we will decide on your Development Territory together, considering factors such as 
the general locations and neighborhoods and proximity to customers in the Development 
Territory we are considering; traffic patterns in the Development Territory; co-tenant 
attractiveness in the sites available in the Development Territory; size of the available spaces 
in the Development Territory; age and condition of the buildings in which the Restaurant 
Locations might be situated in the Development Territory being considered; the availability 
of locations and necessary zoning in the Development Territory; and, the location of 
competitors in the Development Territory. In deciding on the number of Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant Businesses and the development schedule for opening them, you and we will 
consider factors such as the potential total number of Businesses in the Development 
Territory; how aggressive the opening schedule should be; your experience, if any, in the 
industry; your experience in franchising; and, the capital commitment you are able and willing 
to make. If you and we do not agree on the Development Territory or the number of 
Restaurants to be opened and the development schedule, then you and we will not sign an 
Area Development Agreement. We do not approve or disapprove of the sites for your 
Restaurant Locations under the Area Development Agreement; we do this under, and 
pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in, the unit Franchise Agreement and in 
accordance with our then-current standards imposed in connection with same.  
(2) 
Under the Unit Franchise Agreements, approve or disapprove the sites you propose for your 
Restaurant Locations within your Development Territory, perform the training, instruction, 
assistance and other activities and services for which the Franchise Agreements provide. 
(Area Development Agreement, Section 8.01). 
Pre-Opening Obligations – Franchise Agreement: 
Before you open your Restaurant, we will: 
(1) 
Designate your Territory. (Franchise Agreement, Section 3.01 and Exhibit A) 
