 
 
- 48 - 
D. If you are a business entity and a partial transfer is proposed through the assignment or 
redemption of more than 25% of your entity’s ownership interests other than to any of 
your entity’s co-owners, then we or our designee will have the option to purchase not 
only the interests being transferred but also all remaining interests, so that our resulting 
ownership will be 100% of your business entity. The price of these remaining interests 
will be proportionate to the price of the interests initially being offered. 
E. Our credit will be considered at least equal to the credit of any proposed purchaser. We 
may substitute cash for the fair market value of any other form of payment proposed in 
the offer. 
F. If we give notice of our exercise of our right of first refusal, closing on our purchase 
must occur within the later of: (i) sixty (60) days following your receipt of our notice to 
you; (ii) the closing period (if any) specified in the subject offer; or, (iii) such longer 
period as may be necessary to conduct the due diligence provided for above. 
 
G. If we give notice of our exercise of our right of first refusal, you agree to take all action 
necessary to assign your Lease with the lessor of your Location to us. 
 
H. If we elect not to exercise our right of first refusal and we consent to the proposed 
assignment or redemption, then you will, subject to the provisions of this Article, be free 
to assign this Agreement or the franchised Business to your proposed assignee on the 
terms and conditions specified in the notice if you satisfy the conditions of Section 14.04 
for our approval of an assignment and if you close the transaction within sixty days (or 
such further time as may be stipulated by law, rule or regulation). If, however, the terms 
specified in your notice are changed, the changed terms will be considered a new offer, 
and we will have an identical right of first refusal with respect to this new offer. Further, 
if you fail to close the assignment transaction within sixty days (or such further period of 
time as may be stipulated by applicable law, rule or regulation), then our right of first 
refusal hereunder shall be restored and we may elect to exercise same within thirty 
days thereafter. 
I. Our election not to exercise our right of first refusal with respect to any offer will not 
affect our right of first refusal with respect to any later or modified offer. If we do not 
exercise our right of first refusal, this will not constitute approval of the proposed 
transferee, assignee, redemption or the transaction itself. You and any proposed 
assignee must comply with all the criteria and procedures for assignment of the 
franchise, the Franchise Agreement and/or the franchised Business specified in this 
Article 14. 
If we exercise our right of first refusal, you and your selling owner(s) agree that, for two (2) years 
beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by the non-competition covenant 
contained in Section 12.02 above. We have the unrestricted right to assign this right of first refusal 
to a third party, who then will have the rights described in this Section. 
14.07 Security Interest 
Without our prior written consent (which will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or denied), you 
may not pledge, encumber, mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise grant any third party a security 
interest in this Agreement, the franchised Business, your Restaurant, any ownership interests in 
you (if you are a business entity), any ownership interests in any business entity which directly or 
indirectly controls you, your Lease or Sublease (as applicable) or any of the tangible assets 
material to the operation of your franchised Business (including, without limitation, the premises of 
your franchised Business and your Location).  We may require your compliance with any policy 
statement which we adopt and announce regarding such security interests.  We reserve the right to 
review and approve the terms of any security agreement or other document granting a security 
