 
 
- 58 - 
require, then, in addition to all other remedies we have at law or in equity, this Agreement will 
terminate immediately upon expiration of the applicable cure period, or any longer period required 
by applicable law, without further notice to you. 
You will be in default of this Agreement for any failure to comply with any of the requirements 
imposed upon you and, if you are a business entity, your owners and Guarantors by this 
Agreement, our Brand Standards and/or all Supplements to the Brand Standards or if you and/or 
your owners or Guarantors otherwise fail to fulfill the terms of this Agreement in good faith. These 
defaults include the following events, which are set forth as examples only and are not meant to, 
nor shall they be deemed to, delineate all of the possible defaults which you may commit under this 
Agreement: 
1. You or any of your affiliates fail, refuse or neglect to pay promptly when due any 
money owed to us, our affiliates or any lender which has provided financing to your 
franchised Business. The cure period for this default shall not be the above-
referenced thirty (30) calendar days but, instead, will be five (5) calendar days after 
we transmit to you a written notice of default. If you fail to cure any such default 
within such shortened cure period, then this Agreement will terminate immediately 
upon expiration of the applicable cure period. 
2. You fail, refuse or neglect to submit the financial and non-financial reports and other 
information required to be submitted to us under this Agreement, our Brand 
Standards or other written notices we transmit to you, or you make any false 
statements in connection with any reports or other information required to be 
submitted to us. 
3. Your franchised Business and/or Restaurant offers and sells any programs, 
products or services that we do not authorize under this Agreement or our Brand 
Standards. 
4. You fail to maintain your trade accounts in a current status and/or fail to seek to 
promptly resolve any disputes with trade suppliers. 
5. You engage in any business, or market any program, product or service, under a 
name or mark which, in our opinion, is confusingly similar to the Proprietary Marks. 
6. You fail to pay any taxes due and owing by your franchised Business (including 
employee taxes) when due. 
7. You do not use our Proprietary Marks and/or trade dress solely in the manner and 
for the purposes directed by us in this Agreement, our Brand Standards or 
otherwise. 
8. You violate the restrictions pertaining to advertising set forth in Article 10 of this 
Agreement. 
9. You do not indemnify us and/or one of the Franchisor Parties as required by this 
Agreement. 
10. By act or omission, you permit a continued violation in connection with the operation 
of the franchised Business of any law, ordinance, rule or regulation of a 
governmental agency, in the absence of a good faith dispute over its application or 
legality and without promptly resorting to an appropriate administrative or judicial 
forum for relief. 
11. You fail to obtain or maintain any required permit, certificate or other governmental 
approval required either by this Agreement or applicable law, rule or regulation. 
12. You employ any individual who is not eligible for employment in the United States 
under any federal, state, local or other law, rule or regulation. 
