 
 
Page 4  
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. UNAUTHORIZED ACTS 
5.01 
Unauthorized Acts 
Licensee agrees to notify Licensor immediately of the unauthorized possession, use or 
knowledge of any item supplied through this license and of other information made available, to 
Licensee under this Agreement, by any person or organization not authorized by this Agreement to 
have such possession, use or knowledge. Licensee agrees to promptly furnish full details of the 
possession, use or knowledge to Licensor, to assist in preventing the recurrence of the possession, 
use or knowledge, and to cooperate with Licensor in any litigation against third parties deemed 
necessary by Licensor to protect its proprietary rights. Licensee's compliance with this paragraph will 
not be construed in any way as a waiver of Licensor's rights to recover damages or obtain other relief 
against Licensee for its negligent or intentional harm to Licensor's proprietary rights, or for breach of 
Licensor’s contractual rights. 
5.02 
Export Law Assurances. 
Licensee may not use or otherwise export or reexport the Software except as authorized by 
United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Software was obtained. Licensee 
represents and warrants that Licensee is not located or domiciled in, under control of, or a national or 
resident of any countries that are U.S. embargoed countries, or on the list of the U.S. Treasury 
Department’s Specially Designated Nationals, or the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Table of Denial 
Orders, or to whom export or re-export is prohibited by the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of 
Foreign Assets Control, or similar lists maintained by any other United States agency or authority. 
6. INSPECTION 
6.01 
Inspection of Use 
To assist Licensor in the protection of its proprietary rights and compliance with this Agreement, 
Licensee agrees to permit representatives of Licensor to inspect, at all reasonable times, how the 
Software supplied under this Agreement is being used by Licensee and its personnel, and what types 
of data and information the Software is being used to transmit or process. 
7. ASSIGNMENT OF LICENSE RIGHTS 
7.01 
Assignment by Licensor 
Licensor will have the right to assign this Agreement, and all of its rights and privileges under 
this Agreement, to any person, firm, corporation or other entity provided that, with respect to any 
assignment resulting in the subsequent performance by the assignee of the functions of Licensor 
under this Agreement: (i) the assignee must, at the time of the assignment, be financially responsible 
and economically capable of performing the obligations of Licensor under this Agreement, and (ii) the 
assignee must expressly assume and agree to perform these obligations. 
7.02 
Assignment by Licensee 
With respect to Licensee's obligations under this Agreement, this License Agreement is 
personal, being entered into in reliance upon and in consideration of the singular personal skill and 
qualifications of Licensee, and the trust and confidentiality reposed in Licensee by Licensor. Therefore, 
neither Licensee's interest in this Agreement nor any of Licensee’s rights or privileges under this 
Agreement, may be assigned, sold, transferred, shared, redeemed, sublicensed or divided, voluntarily 
or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, in any manner, without the prior 
written consent of Licensor. Any actual or attempted assignment, transfer or sale of this Agreement, or 
any interest in this Agreement, or of the franchised business, made or accomplished in violation of the 
terms of this Article will be null and void and will constitute an incurable breach of this Agreement by 
Licensee, and, if this occurs, this Agreement will automatically terminate without further notice. 
