 
- 42 - 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
q. You fail to implement (and, at your expense, take all steps necessary to 
implement and thereafter adhere to any new or changed System requirements.  
r. A final judgment not subject to appeal is entered against you or any Guarantor 
and remains unsatisfied for more than thirty (30) days or, if any such judgment is 
subject to appeal. 
s. You do not comply with any other lawful provision or requirement of the 
Franchise Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure we 
prescribe. 
h. "Cause" 
defined - non-
curable defaults 
Sections 
17.01 and 
17.02 
Automatic, without notice: bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, dissolution or 
levy.On notice to you: 
a. You fail to open the franchised Restaurant within 15 months following our 
signing of the Franchise Agreement or cease to operate the Restaurant, 
abandon the franchise, or, fail to operate your Restaurant for three (3) 
consecutive days during which you are required to operate, unless due to 
causes beyond your control. 
b. You omitted or misrepresented a material fact in information you furnished us 
in connection with our decision to sign the Franchise Agreement. 
c. You and we agree in writing to terminate. 
d. You do not secure a Restaurant Location within the required time limits and 
procedures.  
e. You lose the right to possess the Restaurant Location, but if the loss is due to 
no fault of yours, you may apply for approval to relocate and reconstruct.  
f. You, your Operations Manager and/or if you are a business entity, any owner, 
member, shareholder, director or manager of yours is convicted of a felony, etc. 
g. You make an unauthorized transfer. 
h. You do not comply with the in-term covenant not to compete, or obtain the 
required additional covenants, or you violate the restrictions pertaining to the use 
of Confidential Information. 
i. Before you open, we determine that you or your Trainer or your Operations 
Manager failed to attend or successfully complete the Initial Training Program 
(after being afforded the opportunity to obtain remedial training). 
j. You knowingly conceal revenues, knowingly maintain false books or records, 
or submit any substantially false report to us. 
k. You do not maintain the required financial records. 
l. An audit shows that you understated your Gross Revenues by 8% or more for 
any month or for the entire period of examination. 
m. You refuse us permission to inspect or audit. 
n. You take any funds withheld from your employees' wages which should have 
been set aside for the franchised Business’ employee taxes, FICA, insurance or 
benefits; wrongfully take our property; systemically fail to deal fairly with your 
employees, customers or suppliers; or knowingly permit or, having discovered 
the facts, fail to take any action against or to discharge any agent, servant or 
employee who has embezzled. 
o. After curing a default which is subject to cure, you commit the same act of 
default again within thirty-six (36) months. 
p. You make a willful misrepresentation or do not make a material disclosure 
required by any governmental authority regarding any matter involving your 
franchised Business and Restaurant. 
q. You interfere or attempt to interfere with our contractual relations with others. 
r. You do not cure a default which materially impairs the goodwill associated with 
our Proprietary Marks  after at least seventy-two (72) hours' written notice to 
cure. 
