 
- 37 - 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN  
THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
Franchise Agreement: 
At all times during the Term, you must have in place qualified personnel to personally oversee the 
work of the individuals who run the day-to-day operation of your franchised Business. You agree to 
devote your time, attention and best efforts to honestly and diligently perform your obligations under 
the Franchise Agreement (and, if you have one, the Area Development Agreement), all ancillary 
documents relating to the Franchise Agreement and all other agreements which may now or 
hereafter be in effect between us (or any affiliate) and you (or any affiliate) and to promote the 
Restaurant(s) you operate. If you are licensed to operate more than one Business, then you agree 
to devote such amount of your time and attention to the performance of your duties as is necessary 
for the proper and effective operation of each such Business. If you are a business entity, each owner 
of a 5% or greater interest in you must sign a personal guarantee in the form of Exhibit F to the 
Franchise Agreement. Spouses of owners need not sign a personal guarantee. 
If you (the franchisee) are an individual, you must either serve as or designate an Operations 
Manager. If you are an individual and are well qualified and experienced in this type of business, we 
recommend that you personally serve as your own Operations Manager. An entity franchisee must 
designate an Operations Manager for each Restaurant. The Operations Manager, who will have day-
to-day management responsibility for your Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business, will exercise on-
premises supervision and personally participate in the direct operation of the Business. You must 
inform us in writing of your Operations Managers and any successors in advance. We must approve 
your Operations Managers before you appoint them. Your Operations Managers must complete the 
Initial Training Program to our satisfaction. After an Operations Manager's death, disability or 
termination of employment, you must immediately notify us within five (5) days, and you must 
designate a successor or acting Operations Manager within ten (10) days. If you (the franchisee) are 
a business entity, the Operations Manager need not have any equity interest in your business entity. 
If you (the franchisee) are an individual, you must either serve as or designate a Trainer. If you are 
an individual and are well qualified and experienced in this type of business, we recommend that 
you personally serve as your own Trainer. An entity franchisee must designate a Trainer for each 
Restaurant. Your Trainer will be responsible for training your Restaurant staff. The Trainer role can 
be filled by yourself (if you are an individual), your Operations Manager, or an additional person 
whom you hire for the Trainer position. You must have a Trainer who has completed our entire Initial 
Training Program, at all times during the term of operation of your franchised Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant. If you (the franchisee) are a business entity, your Trainer need not have any equity 
interest in your business entity. 
Your Operations Manager, Trainer, and the other persons listed in Item 14 must sign our 
confidentiality/non-competition agreement (Exhibit E-1 to the Franchise Agreement) and keep our 
confidential or proprietary information confidential (see Item 14). 
Area Development Agreement: 
If you operate under an Area Development Agreement, then you must designate in writing to us an 
Area Business Manager who will have the obligation to oversee operations of all of your Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants under the Area Development Agreement.  You must inform us in writing of your Area 
Business Manager and any replacement Area Business Manager.  The Area Business Manager 
must be certified to manage multi-unit operations and must have attended and successfully 
completed our Initial Training Program.  Your Area Business Manager may not hold any other 
position in your organization or in any business entity or in any of your Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
Businesses while he/she is serving as your Area Business Manager. Upon the death, disability or 
termination of employment of the Area Business Manager, for any cause or reason, you must 
immediately notify us, and designate and obtain our written approval of an interim or acting Area 
