 
- 2 - 
None of our affiliates have offered franchises for this type of business (Ivan Ramen Restaurants). 
Neither we nor our affiliates have offered franchises for any other type of business, other than ghost 
kitchens as stated immediately above, or delivery/carry-out only locations outside the United States. 
You will open and operate one or more Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses (as described above). 
Ivan Ramen Restaurants are sit-down, eat-in, fast casual dining restaurants which also typically have 
takeout and delivery services. 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement (Exhibit B), we will grant you a defined area (the 
“Development Area”) within which you (an “Area Developer”) must develop and operate a minimum 
of two (2) Ivan Ramen Restaurants within a specified period of time. The Development Area may be 
one city or part of one city, one or more counties, or some other defined geographic area. The Area 
Development Agreement will describe your development area and your development schedule. You 
must sign a separate Franchise Agreement for each Ivan Ramen Restaurant that you open under 
the Area Development Agreement. The Franchise Agreement for your first Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
will be in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Disclosure Document and must be signed when you 
sign your Area Development Agreement. The Franchise Agreements you will sign for your additional 
Ivan Ramen Restaurants  will be our then-current form of Franchise Agreement which may contain 
terms and conditions that are materially different from the current Franchise Agreement. 
The market for your services consists of the general public. The market is developing. Sales are 
somewhat seasonal in that sales tend to be greater in winter months due to the primary product 
being hot soup, but sales can be expected year-round. 
You will compete with various established independent local ramen restaurants and regional or 
national chain outlets specializing in the sale of ramen and related food products, both take-out 
service and full service, as well as with other ramen restaurants and take-out facilities selling all kinds 
of food or other specialty foods, including well-established national chain outlets and local 
businesses. The supply of suitable locations for restaurants is limited and is subject to increasing 
demand from other restaurant concepts and non-restaurant retailers.  
Industry-specific regulations in which the franchised Business will operate include food safety 
regulations which vary from state to state and may require certifications depending on your location; 
and, federal, state and local laws pertaining to restaurant premises and regulating matters affecting 
the health, safety and welfare of your customers, such as general health and sanitation requirements 
for restaurants; employee practices concerning the storage, handling, cooking and preparation of 
food and beverages; restrictions on smoking; and availability of and requirements for public 
accommodations, including restrooms, among other operational requirements for restaurants. You 
should investigate whether there are regulations and requirements that may apply in the geographic 
area in which you are interested in locating your Ivan Ramen Restaurant. In addition, you must 
comply with all local, state, and federal laws that apply to your Ivan Ramen Restaurants including 
health, sanitation, no smoking, equal employment opportunity, occupational safety and health, 
discrimination, employment, and sexual harassment laws. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990 requires readily accessible accommodation for disabled people and therefore may affect your 
building construction, site elements, entrance ramps, doors, seating, bathrooms, etc. You must 
obtain all required real estate permits, licenses and operational licenses (including an alcoholic 
beverage license). You must also comply with all menu and menu board labeling laws and rules 
requiring restaurant operators to disclose certain calorie or other nutritional information about the 
foods they sell, including, for example, the FDA’s Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in 
restaurants.  The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) sets regulations for food labeling, 
including nutritional label standards, nutrient content claims, and health claims.  Federal, state and 
local standards require that companies that process, store, or transmit credit or debit card information 
maintain a secure environment.  
You should consult with your attorney concerning these and other local laws and ordinances that 
may affect your Ivan Ramen Restaurant. We do not represent that you will have the ability to procure 
