 
 
- 46 - 
but our approval may be denied if such agreement is on terms materially different from those which 
would result from arms-length negotiations or if we determine that the fees payable under such 
agreement are excessive. Any such agreement and any party thereto who, as a result of the 
agreement, may directly or indirectly be involved in the ownership of the assets or operations of the 
franchised Business must meet such standards and conditions as we have put in place at the time 
you request our consent. 
 
14.05 Assignment By You – Transfer Upon Death or Disability 
If you are a business entity, then upon the death or disability of one or more of your owners (but 
not the last surviving owner of your business entity, which is addressed in the following paragraph), 
then the estate, heirs, legatees, guardians or representatives of such owner may freely sell, assign 
or transfer the deceased’s or disabled’s interest in this Agreement and/or its interest in the 
franchised Business to any of the following: (i) the spouse of such individual; (ii) any individual or 
entity which, at the time of the subject death or disability, is already a (as applicable) shareholder, 
member, partner or other category of owner of your franchised Business; or, (iii) the franchised 
Business itself.  Any other sale, transfer or assignment of the deceased’s or disabled’s interest in 
you or your franchised Business shall be subject to all of the provisions of Section 14.04 of this 
Agreement (“Assignment By You - - Sale To A Third Party”).  You agree to immediately report to us 
all such transfers or assignments of ownership in your business entity in accordance with the 
procedure set forth in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
Upon your death or disability (if you are an individual), or the death or disability of your last 
surviving owner (if you are a business entity), that person’s rights will pass to his or her estate, 
heirs, legatees, guardians or representatives, as appropriate (collectively, the “Estate”).  
The Estate shall have a reasonable period of time (not to exceed six months) following the death or 
disability to sell (as applicable) Franchisee or the franchised Business in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 14.04 and subject to our right of first refusal under Section 14.06.  Until such 
sale, transfer or assignment is consummated, the Estate may continue the operation of your 
franchised Business but only if, at all times, one or more approved Operations Manager, as 
necessary, of your franchised Business is at all times supervising the operation of your Business 
and, further, only if all other terms and provisions of this Agreement are complied with.  Failure to 
comply with one of the above alternatives will be a material breach of this Agreement which, unless 
cured by the Estate, will result in this Agreement being terminated immediately upon notice. 
If at any time following your death or disability (if you are an individual), or the death or disability of 
your last surviving owner (if you are a business entity), the Estate fails to have one or more 
approved Operations Manager, as necessary, supervising the operation of your franchised 
Business on a full time basis, then until the Estate retains one or more approved Operations 
Manager, as necessary, we may assume (or appoint a third party to assume) full control of and 
operate your franchised Business, but will have no obligation to do so.  If we do so, then during this 
period, we will deduct our (or the third party’s) expenses for travel, lodging, meals and all other 
expenses and fees from your franchised Business’s Gross Revenues and also pay ourselves (or 
the third party) a management fee equal to the greater of: (i) two times the salary paid to the 
individual(s) assigned by us to operate the Business, or (ii) ten percent (10%) of the Business’s 
monthly Gross Revenues.  This management fee will be in addition to the Continuing Royalties due 
us under this Agreement.  We will then remit any remaining funds to the Estate.  The Estate and 
any Guarantor of this Agreement must pay us any deficiency in sums due to us under this 
Agreement within ten days of our notifying the Estate and such Guarantor of the deficiency.  We 
will not be obligated to operate your Business.  If we do so (or appoint a third party to do so), 
neither we nor the third party will not be responsible for any operational losses of the Business, nor 
will we or the third party be obligated to continue operating the Business. We (or such third party) 
shall have a duty to utilize only reasonable efforts and will not be liable to you or your owners for 
any debts, losses, or obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of your creditors for any products, 
other assets, or services the Restaurant purchases, while we (or a third party) manage it. 
