 
- 53 - 
Table No. 5 
Projected Openings as of December 31, 2024 
Column 1 
State 
Column 2 
Franchise 
Agreements Signed 
But Outlet Not 
Opened 
Column 3 
Projected New 
Franchised Outlet in 
the Next Fiscal Year 
Column 4 
Projected New 
Company-Owned 
Outlet in the Next 
Fiscal Year 
Nevada 
1 
0 
0 
New York 
0 
1 
0 
Total 
1 
1 
0 
Our franchisee in Nevada whose Ivan Ramen Restaurant in a food hall in Las Vegas, Nevada has 
not yet opened is Venetian Las Vegas Gaming, LLC, Attention: Julian Griffiths, SVP Food and 
Beverage, telephone 702-607-9673. Otherwise, we do not yet have any current franchisees in the 
United States regarding the type of franchise offered by this Disclosure Document -- Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants -- and did not have any in the United States as of the end of our last fiscal year, so we 
cannot list any addresses and telephone numbers of their outlets in that regard. 
Except as noted above, we do not have any franchisees in the United States who signed a Franchise 
Agreement but who had not yet opened their Restaurants as of the close of our last fiscal year end. 
During our most recently completed fiscal year, we did not terminate, cancel or not renew the 
franchise of any franchisee in any state. There is no franchisee in any state who, during the same 
period, transferred his or her franchise or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business 
under the Franchise Agreement during the same period. There is no franchisee in any state who has 
not communicated with us within ten (10) weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document. 
If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave 
the franchise system. 
During the last three fiscal years, no current or former franchisees have signed confidentiality clauses 
that restrict them from discussing with you their experiences as a franchisee in our franchise system. 
There are no trademark-specific franchisee organizations associated with the franchise system. 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
We were formed on July 12, 2021. Our fiscal year end date is December 31. Our audited financial 
statements as of December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 are in Exhibit C.  
 
ITEM 22 
 
CONTRACTS 
Copies of all proposed agreements regarding the franchise offering are included in Exhibits A and B. 
These include the following: 
Exhibit A to this Disclosure Document: Franchise Agreement  
Exhibit A: Franchised Territory; Restaurant Location 
Exhibit B: Proprietary Marks 
 
 This outlet is planned be smaller than a typical Ivan Ramen Restaurant, with a streamlined menu, 
and is planned to be part of a food hall in a hotel. 
