 
 
 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement(s). 
 
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a franchise 
agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void.  
However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place outside of Illinois. 
 
Your rights upon Termination and Non-Renewal are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
In conformance with section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
On the Federal Trade Commission Cover Page (the first page of the Disclosure Document), the 
following language is deleted with respect to Area Development Agreement franchises offered or 
sold in Illinois: “(assuming, for the low end range, you agree to develop 3 Restaurants and, for the 
high end range, you agree to develop 10 Restaurants, although this is not a maximum)”. 
 
The Franchisor will defer collection of initial franchise (and development) fees until the franchisor 
has satisfied its pre-opening obligations to franchisee and the franchisee has commenced 
business operations (in accordance with Section 200.508 of the applicable Rules). The Illinois 
Attorney General’s Office imposed this deferral requirement due to the Franchisor’s financial 
condition. 
 
 
 
