 
- 43 - 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
s. You fail for fifteen (15) days after notice to comply with any law or regulation 
applicable to the Business. 
t. You repeatedly fail to comply with one or more requirements of this Franchise 
Agreement, whether or not corrected after notice. 
u. You do not devote the amount of your time and attention and/or your best 
efforts to the performance of your duties necessary for the proper and effective 
operation of your franchised Business. 
v. You do not immediately repay us or our affiliates for any amounts we advance 
on your behalf. 
w. You do not purchase or maintain required insurance. 
x. You, your franchised Business and/or your franchised Restaurant commit any 
violation of law, rule or regulation and/or engage in any act or practice which 
subjects you and/or us to widespread publicity or ridicule. 
y. You breach advertising standards and fail to cure within three (3)  days 
following written notice. 
z. You purchase any proprietary products or services or purchase any non-
proprietary goods or services under a systemwide supply contract we negotiate, 
and you use, sell or otherwise exploit them for the benefit of any other individual, 
entity or business. 
aa. You operate your franchised Business and/or your Ivan Ramen Restaurant  
in a fashion that, in our sole judgment, in any way jeopardizes the life, health or 
safety of the general public, your customers and/or your employees.  If you do 
so, then not only may we terminate the Franchise Agreement upon notice, but 
we may direct you to immediately close your Ivan Ramen Restaurant (s); you 
must immediately comply with our direction; and, you must hold us harmless 
from and against any claims relating to our direction to close your Restaurant(s). 
bb. You fail to immediately endorse and tender to us any payment which is due 
us or our affiliates but is made to your order. 
cc. You use our Confidential Information and/or Proprietary Marks in a way not 
specifically authorized, or for the benefit of any individual or entity other than 
your franchised Business. 
dd. You interfere or attempt to interfere with our ability or right to franchise or 
license others to use the System and/or Proprietary Marks 
ee. You interfere or attempt to interfere with our relationships with any other 
franchisee, supplier, government authority, or other third party. 
ff. You or any of your owners’ assets, property, or interests are blocked under 
any law, ordinance, or regulation relating to terrorist activities, or you or any of 
your owners otherwise violate any such law, ordinance, or regulation. 
gg. You (or any of your owners) fail to cure within the applicable time period any 
breaches under this Agreement, or any other agreement between you (or any of 
your affiliates) and us (or any of our affiliates) including, but not limited to, any 
other franchise agreement, area development agreement, lease or promissory 
note. 
hh. You engage in any act or conduct, or fail to engage in any act or conduct, 
which under the Franchise Agreement specifically authorizes us to terminate the 
Franchise Agreement immediately upon notice to you. 
i. Your 
obligations on 
termination / 
nonrenewal 
Article 18 
a. Pay all money owing to us or our affiliates, and third parties. 
b. Stop using our Proprietary Marks, Confidential Information, trade secrets and 
Brand Standards. 
c. Cancel assumed name or equivalent registration which contains "IVAN 
RAMEN", or any other Proprietary Marks of ours, or any variant, within fifteen 
(15) days. 
