 
- 39 - 
periodically or throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement. Further, we may, in our sole 
business judgment, engage in such activity only in certain geographic areas (cities, states, regions) 
and not others; with respect to certain types of Restaurants but not others; or, with regard to certain 
subsets of franchisees and not others. Any maximum, minimum or other prices we prescribe or 
suggest may or may not optimize the revenues or profitability of your franchised Business. However, 
subject to those terms and conditions, nothing in the Franchise Agreement may be construed to 
prevent you from otherwise freely establishing your own prices. Prices at Ivan Ramen Restaurants 
may vary by region. We will take into consideration your location and opinion in regard to prices. You 
must participate in, and comply with the requirements of, any gift card, gift certificate, customer 
loyalty or retention program that we (or our affiliates) implement, at your expense, for all or part of 
our franchise system and shall sign the forms and take the other action that we require in order for 
you to participate in such programs. Without limitation, you shall honor coupons, gift cards, gift 
certificates, or vouchers sold or distributed by other Restaurants and will utilize a vendor approved 
by us for gift card processing. You may not offer any coupon without our prior written approval. 
You must continuously operate your franchised Restaurant on the days and during the minimum 
hours that we from time to time may specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise.  You may establish 
hours of operation in addition to the required minimum hours, subject to applicable laws, rules or 
regulations. 
You must staff your franchised Business in accordance with the specifications and criteria we set 
forth in our Brand Standards concerning the selection, qualifications, hiring, training, pre-training and 
post-training of your personnel.  You must maintain a competent, conscientious, trained staff in 
sufficient numbers as we require so that you may promptly, efficiently and effectively service 
customers.  The minimum staffing levels we prescribe in our Brand Standards do not reflect our 
ability to in any fashion control the day-to-day operation of your franchised Business and its 
Restaurant but, to the contrary, merely reflect those staffing levels necessary to achieve and maintain 
those standards of quality, uniformity and service which the consuming public has come to associate 
with the Proprietary Marks and Ivan Ramen Restaurants. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
