 
 
- 5 - 
are necessary so that the applicable fee you pay us in dollars equals the amount you would pay if 
you were not subject to an Alcohol Restriction Law. 
5.03 
System Brand Contribution; Regional Brand Contribution 
We reserve the right to establish a System Brand Fund at any time to expend money to promote 
the brand for the benefit of the entire System, which we may require each Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
Business to contribute.  If we do so, you agree to pay us a monthly System Brand Contribution in 
the amount we specify from time to time, provided that it shall not be higher than 1.5% of your prior 
month's Gross Revenues (as defined in Section 5.04). Such payment will be due on the 15th day of 
each month unless we notify you otherwise. As of the Effective Date, we have not yet established a 
System Brand Fund and your required System Brand Contribution is 0.00% of your prior month’s 
Gross Revenues, but we reserve the right to increase such amount, upon notice to you (within the 
bounds set by the last sentence above), at any time in our business judgment. If we establish a 
System Brand Fund, the System Brand Contributions will be expended in accordance with Section 
10.01 below. 
In addition, we reserve the right to require you, at any time, to pay us a monthly Regional Brand 
Contribution in the amount we specify from time to time, provided that it shall not be higher than 
1.5% of your prior month's Gross Revenues (as defined in Section 5.04). As of the Effective Date, 
there is no required Regional Brand Contribution, but we reserve the right to require one, upon 
notice to you (within the bounds set by the last sentence above), at any time in our business 
judgment. Such payment will be due on the 15th day of each month unless we notify you otherwise. 
Such Regional Brand Contributions, if any are collected, will be expended as provided for in 
Section 10.01 below with respect to the System Brand Contribution but on a regional, rather than a 
system-wide, basis. 
5.04 
System Technology Fee 
We reserve the right, at any time during the Term, upon notice to you, to require that you pay us a 
monthly System Technology Fee in the amount we specify from time to time, provided that it shall 
not be higher than 1.0% of your prior month's Gross Revenues (as defined in Section 5.04). Such 
payment will be due on the 15th day of each month unless we notify you otherwise. As of the 
Effective Date, we do not require any System Technology Fee, but we reserve the right to require 
payment of such a fee, upon notice to you (within the bounds set by the last sentence above), at 
any time in our business judgment. The System Technology Fee, if any are collected, will be 
expended to improve, develop, and maintain technology used for the benefit of the System. 
5.05 
Definition of Gross Revenues 
"Gross Revenues" means all revenues and income from any source that you directly or indirectly 
derive or receive from, through, by or on account of the operation of your franchised Business 
and/or Restaurant (including, without limitation, income related to take-outs, catering operations, 
digital and online sales including through third-party online ordering and/or delivery aggregators, 
special events and revenues and income from permitted non-restaurant operations conducted 
under or using the Marks), whether received in cash, in services, in kind, from barter and/or 
exchange (valued at the full retail value of the goods or services received), on credit (whether or 
not you ultimately receive payment on credit transactions), or otherwise. Gross Revenues 
specifically includes revenues and income you receive from the proceeds of any business 
interruption insurance policies and/or the sale of any promotional or premium items.  You may 
deduct from Gross Revenues, to the extent they had been included in your calculation of Gross 
Revenues, documented refunds, charge backs, credits and allowances that you give in good faith 
to customers; proceeds from property damage or liability insurance; and proceeds from any civil 
forfeiture, condemnation, or seizure by government entities. You may also deduct from Gross 
Revenues all sales taxes or similar taxes which you legally charge to customers if you add the 
taxes when you charge the customer; send the tax payments to the appropriate tax authorities 
when due; furnish us within thirty (30) days of payment an official receipt for the payment of the 
taxes or any other evidence that we reasonably consider acceptable; and, state in the monthly 
