 
 
Page 12 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
12.05 No Encumbrance 
You will have no right to pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise give any third party a 
security interest in this Agreement, the Franchise Agreements or the Businesses in any manner 
without our prior written permission, which we may withhold for any reason. 
13. PROPRIETARY MARKS 
13.01 Not a License of the Proprietary Marks 
You acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement will be deemed to 
constitute a license to you to use or display any of the Proprietary Marks in any manner. You will 
acquire a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Proprietary Marks only pursuant to, and to the 
extent that these rights are granted by, Franchise Agreements executed by you and us pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
13.02 Non-Use of Trade Name 
If you are a Business Entity, you may not use our Proprietary Marks or any confusingly similar 
words or symbols, in your entity name. In particular, you may not use the words "Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant," "Ivan Ramen," “Ivan Ramen Franchising” or any variant as part of your Business Entity 
name. 
13.03 Injunction 
You explicitly affirm and recognize the unique value and secondary meaning attached to the 
Ivan Ramen Restaurant System and the Proprietary Marks. Accordingly, you agree that any non-
compliance by you with the terms of this Agreement, or any unauthorized or improper use of the Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant System or the Proprietary Marks by you, will cause irreparable damage to us and 
other Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchisees. You therefore agree that if you engage in this non-
compliance, or unauthorized and/or improper use of the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System or 
Proprietary Marks, during or after the period of this Agreement, we will be entitled to both temporary 
and permanent injunctive relief against you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all 
other remedies which we may have at law. you consent to the entry of these temporary and 
permanent injunctions. 
14. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
14.01 Independent Contractor; No Third Party Beneficiaries 
You are and will be our independent contractor under this Agreement. Nothing in this 
Agreement may be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, employment or fiduciary 
relationship of any kind. Neither you nor any of your employees whose compensation you pay may 
in any way, directly or indirectly, expressly or by implication, be construed to be our employee for 
any purpose. You will be solely responsible for your employees and all employment related 
decisions, including, without limitation, decisions concerning wages and benefits, hiring and 
discharging, training and supervision and work schedules of employees. You are not empowered to, 
and may not, make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or representations 
or incur any debt or other obligations in our name or for our account (or for those of any of our 
Affiliates). Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, we will have no control or access to your 
funds or their expenditure or in any other way exercise control over your franchised Business. 
You agree to conspicuously identify yourself, your area development business, your 
franchised Businesses, your Restaurants, and any other facilities of your franchised Businesses in 
all dealings with third parties as an independent Ivan Ramen Restaurant franchised Business and to 
place notice of independent ownership on all forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, signs 
