 
 
- 51 - 
Proprietary Marks shown on Exhibit B (if we do not subsequently designate them as being 
withdrawn from use), together with those which we may later designate in the Brand Standards or 
otherwise in writing. In all instances your use of the Proprietary Marks must comply with our 
directions, limitations, specifications and authorized prescribed uses. You expressly understand 
and agree that you are bound not to represent in any manner that you have acquired, and you will 
not assert any claim to, any ownership, goodwill, reputation or equitable rights in any of our 
Proprietary Marks by virtue of the limited license granted under this Agreement, by virtue of your 
use of any of the Proprietary Marks or otherwise. All of your uses of the Proprietary Marks, whether 
as a trademark, service mark, trade name or trade style, will inure to our benefit. Following the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, no monetary amount will be attributable to any goodwill 
associated with your use of the Proprietary Marks or operation of the franchised Business or your 
Restaurant, including any "local goodwill", which, you expressly agree, exclusively vests in us. 
15.03 Use and Display of Proprietary Marks 
A. 
You must not use, and must not permit or cause another to use, the Proprietary 
Marks except in the manner and to the extent specifically licensed to you under this Agreement. 
You agree that each use you make of any Proprietary Mark will accurately portray the Mark and 
that the Mark will not be used or portrayed in a manner which jeopardizes the goodwill associated 
with the Mark or the System. You agree to use the Proprietary Marks in full compliance with rules 
we prescribe from time to time in our Brand Standards or otherwise. You are prohibited (except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement) from using any Proprietary Mark with any prefix, suffix, or 
other modifying words, terms, designs or symbols (other than logos licensed by us to you). You 
may not use any Proprietary Mark in connection with the sale of any unauthorized service, product 
or program or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing by us. You may use the 
Proprietary Marks only for the operation of the franchised Business or in permitted advertising for 
the franchised Business. Your right to use the Proprietary Marks is limited to the uses authorized 
under this Agreement. Any unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks by you will constitute an 
infringement of our rights and a material and incurable breach of this Agreement which, unless we 
waive the breach, will entitle us to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you, with 
no opportunity to cure. 
B. 
You may not use the Proprietary Marks in any way which will incur any obligation or 
indebtedness on our behalf. You agree to comply with this Agreement’s and our Brand Standards’ 
instructions in filing and maintaining all requisite trade name or fictitious name registrations, and in 
executing any documents considered necessary by us or our counsel to obtain protection for the 
Proprietary Marks or to maintain their continued validity and enforceability. 
C. 
You agree to affix our Proprietary Marks on the facilities of your franchised 
Business, including your Restaurant, your franchised Business’s point-of-sale materials, signs, 
stationery, advertising, sales, marketing and promotional materials and other objects in the size, 
color, lettering style and fashion and at the places which we designate in our Brand Standards or 
otherwise. You also agree to display the Proprietary Marks and relevant trademark and copyright 
notices pursuant to the requirements set forth in the Brand Standards. No trademarks, logotypes, 
names, symbols or service marks other than the Proprietary Marks may be used by or in 
connection with your franchised Business in any fashion whatsoever except as we may expressly 
provide in our Brand Standards or as we may approve in writing.  
15.04 Required Means of Identification; Non-Use of Trade Name 
You must operate and advertise your franchised business under the assumed business name 
“Ivan Ramen”, without prefix or suffix, unless we expressly consent otherwise, in advance, in a 
signed writing, in our sole business judgment (which we may withhold for any reason or no 
reason).  You agree, at your expense, to perform all filings and procure all required or necessary 
government approvals or registrations required to do business under that assumed business 
name; to comply with any instructions we give you regarding the filing or maintenance of any trade 
name or fictitious business name registrations; to execute any documents we or our counsel deem 
necessary to protect the Proprietary Marks to maintain their continued validity and enforceability; 
