 
 
- 61 - 
the default or termination, including all damages, costs, expenses, and reasonable 
attorneys' and experts' fees directly or indirectly related thereto, such as (without 
limitation) lost profits, lost opportunities, damage inuring to our Proprietary Marks 
and reputation, travel and personnel costs and the cost of securing a successor 
franchised business at the Location. This obligation will give rise to and remain, until 
paid in full, a lien in our favor against any and all of the assets, property, furnishings, 
equipment, signs, fixtures and inventory owned by you or the franchised Business at 
the time of termination and against any of your money which we are holding or 
which is otherwise in our possession. 
6. 
Immediately deliver to us all training or other materials furnished to you (including 
the Brand Standards and Supplements to the Brand Standards), all Confidential 
Information, computer software and database material, customer lists, records and 
files, documents, instructions, display items, advertising and promotional material, 
any and all materials, signs and related items which bear our Proprietary Marks or 
slogans or insignias or designs, advertising contracts, forms and other materials or 
property of ours, and any copies of them in your possession which relate to the 
operation of the franchised Business. You may retain no copy or record of any of 
these items, except for your copy of this Agreement, any correspondence between 
the parties and any other documents which you reasonably need for compliance 
with any provision of law. You agree that the foregoing items, materials, lists, files, 
software and other similar items will be considered to be our property for all 
purposes. 
7. 
Immediately execute all agreements necessary to effectuate the termination in a 
prompt and timely manner. 
8. 
At our option, either change the telephone numbers utilized by your franchised 
Business or, upon our written demand, direct the telephone company to transfer the 
telephone numbers (and associated listings) listed for the franchised Business to us 
or to any other person or location that we direct.  If you do not promptly direct the 
telephone company to do so, you irrevocably appoint us as your attorney-in-fact to 
direct the telephone company to do so.   
9. 
Strictly comply with the post-termination/post-expiration covenants not to compete 
set forth in Article 12 of this Agreement (including those restricting your ability to 
sell, assign, lease or otherwise grant possessory rights to your Restaurant and/or 
Location to a party intending to conduct a Competitive Business thereat). 
10. 
Continue to abide by those restrictions pertaining to the use of our Confidential 
Information, trade secrets and know-how set forth in Article 12 of this Agreement. 
11. 
Immediately surrender to us all computer software, data storage disks or tapes and 
other electronic media used in the operation of the franchised Business, printouts, 
and other information pertaining to computer operations, codes, procedures and 
programming. You agree not to destroy, damage, hide or take any steps to prevent 
us from obtaining any information which you had stored in the computer systems of 
the franchised Business. You agree not to retain any printouts, disks, tapes or other 
electronic media containing any of the programs or data stored in the computer 
systems. 
12. 
If you lease your Location from a third party and we elect not to assume possession 
of the Location and/or elect not to exercise our option under Article 19 below, then 
promptly upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you agree to “de-identify” 
the Center  Location in all respects by performing all redecoration and remodeling, 
and effecting physical changes to the Location and the franchised Business’ décor, 
trade dress, color combination, signs and other physical characteristics, as we 
