 
 
Page 20 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
18.16 Survival 
Any provision of this Agreement which imposes an obligation following the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement will survive the termination or expiration and will continue to be binding 
upon the parties to this Agreement. 
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their heirs, 
successors and assigns. 
18.17 Your Additional Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgments 
You acknowledge, warrant and represent to us that: 
1. 
You understand that we do not represent that you will have the ability to procure any 
required license, permit, certificate or other governmental authorization that may be 
necessary or required for you to operate your franchised Businesses or carry out the 
other activities contemplated by this Agreement. 
2. 
You have received from us a copy of our Franchise Disclosure Document at least ten 
business days before the execution of this Agreement or at least ten business days 
before the payment by you to us of any consideration in connection with the sale or 
proposed sale of the area franchise granted by this Agreement. 
3. 
You affirm that all information set forth in all applications, financial statements and 
submissions to us are true, complete and accurate in all respects, and you expressly 
acknowledge that we are relying on the truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of 
this information. 
4. 
You acknowledge that you have received a complete copy of this Agreement and all 
related attachments and agreements at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the date 
on which this Agreement was executed. You further acknowledge that you have 
received the disclosure document required by the Trade Regulation Rule of the 
Federal Trade Commission entitled "Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions 
Concerning Franchising and Business Opportunity Ventures" at least fourteen (14) 
business days prior to the date on which this Agreement was executed. 
5. 
If you are a business entity (including a corporation, limited liability company, general 
partnership or limited partnership), you are organized under the laws of the state of 
your principal place of business (or another state which you have identified to us) and 
your business entity is in good standing with and qualified to do business in each state 
and political/governmental subdivision having jurisdiction over your franchised area 
business hereunder. 
6. 
If you are business entity, you have all requisite power and authority to execute, 
deliver, consummate and perform all of your obligations under this Agreement, and 
all necessary business entity proceedings have been duly taken to authorize the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement has been 
duly authorized, executed and delivered by you, includes your legal, valid and binding 
obligations, and will be binding and enforceable upon you and your successors and 
assigns in accordance with its terms when executed by both parties. 
19. SUBMISSION OF AGREEMENT 
19.01 Submission of Agreement 
The submission of this Agreement to you merely as an exhibit to our Franchise Disclosure 
Document (and not to you individually) does not constitute an offer. This Agreement will become 
