 
 
- 27 - 
E. 
You will maintain stop instructions against the transfer on your business entity’s 
corporate records of any securities or other ownership interests, and will not issue 
securities or other evidences of ownership without the following legend printed 
legibly and conspicuously on the face of the security or other evidence of ownership: 
“The transfer of this certificate and the interests it represents are 
subject to the terms and conditions of one or more Restaurant 
Franchise Agreements with Ivan Ramen Franchising LLC, and to the 
restrictive provisions of the organizational documents of the issuer. 
Please refer to those documents for the terms of the restrictions.” 
 
F.  
Without our prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed 
or conditioned), you may not permit any mortgage, lien, pledge or other security 
interest in respect of any of your business entity’s shares, equity interests or other 
ownership interests. Any violation of this restriction will give us the right to terminate 
this Agreement immediately upon notice to you. 
8.18 
Staffing Requirements, Qualifications and Training 
You agree to staff your franchised Business in accordance with the specifications and criteria we 
set forth in our Brand Standards concerning the selection, qualifications, hiring, training, pre-
training and post-training of your personnel.  You agree to maintain a competent, conscientious, 
trained staff in sufficient numbers as we require so that you may promptly, efficiently and effectively 
service customers.  You understand, agree, and will never contend otherwise, that the minimum 
staffing levels we prescribe in our Brand Standards do not reflect our ability to in any fashion 
control the day-to-day operation of your franchised Business and its Restaurant but, to the 
contrary, merely reflect those staffing levels necessary to achieve and maintain those standards of 
quality, uniformity and service which the consuming public has come to associate with the 
Proprietary Marks and Ivan Ramen Restaurants. 
You shall take such steps as are necessary to ensure that your employees preserve good 
customer relations and comply with the standards of appearance, dress code, manner and 
demeanor we establish in our Brand Standards or otherwise. 
To impart to your management and employees the latest procedures, techniques, policies and 
standards of the System, you agree to conduct the in-house meetings, training sessions, electronic 
training programs or other programs that we specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise or as you 
– using your reasonable business judgment – determine are necessary, appropriate or desirable, 
using any material and programs we may provide for this purpose. 
8.19 
Testimonials and Endorsements 
You agree to permit us (or any of our authorized agents or representatives) to communicate in any 
manner with your customers to procure customer testimonials and endorsements of the programs, 
products or services furnished by your franchised Business and any related programs, products or 
services. You agree to cooperate with us in procuring testimonials and endorsements. You agree 
that we will be free to make whatever use of testimonials and endorsements that we determine, 
and that we will owe you absolutely no direct or indirect compensation or other duty as a 
consequence of our use. 
8.20 
Trade Accounts 
You agree to maintain your trade accounts in a current status and to seek to promptly resolve any 
disputes with trade suppliers. If you do not maintain your trade accounts in a current fashion, we 
may pay any or all of the accounts on your behalf, but we will have no obligation to do so. If we pay 
any accounts on your behalf, then you agree to immediately repay us as provided by 
Section 5.06(E). If you do not keep your trade accounts current or make immediate repayment to 
us, this will be a material breach of this Agreement entitling us to terminate this Agreement 
following our giving you notice and an opportunity to cure your breach. 
