 
 
- 40 - 
E. 
You or your Operations Manager or your Trainer (as applicable) and any other 
management and staff we designate must attend and successfully complete any 
training that we may reasonably require, at your expense; 
F. 
You must pay us a successor term fee (“Successor Term Fee”) equal to $35,000; 
G. 
You must present evidence satisfactory to us that you will be able to renew the 
lease for your Restaurant on terms acceptable both to you and us, or lease a 
substitute Location acceptable to and approved by us, without any interruption of 
business in compliance with the terms of Section 6.02; and, 
H. 
You (and if you are a business entity, your owners) must have signed a General 
Release in the form of Exhibit G. This General Release will not release us from any 
future claims related to any Successor Franchise Agreement but will release us, our 
affiliates, and our respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, 
agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees, past 
and present, in their corporate and individual capacities from any and all claims you 
may have related to this Agreement or under federal, state or local laws, rules, 
regulations or orders. 
If you have satisfied these conditions, then we will provide you with a Successor Franchise 
Agreement in the manner specified in the following section. 
13.02 Successor Term Procedures 
You must exercise your conditional right to a Successor Term under this Agreement in the 
following manner: 
A. 
You must notify us in writing no more than nine (9) months and no less than six (6) 
months before the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement of your desire to 
enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement. 
B. 
Within thirty (30) days after our receipt of your notice, we will deliver to you a copy of 
our then-current franchise disclosure document (if we are then legally required to do 
so) and a copy of our then-current Successor Franchise Agreement in a form ready 
to be executed by you (together, the “Successor Agreement Package”). You must 
acknowledge receipt of the Successor Agreement Package in any fashion that we 
reasonably specify. 
C. 
No sooner than fifteen (15) days, but no later than twenty-five (25) days, after you 
receive our Successor Agreement Package, you must execute the Successor 
Franchise Agreement and return it to us. 
D. 
If you have exercised your conditional right to a successor term as described above 
and have complied with all of the procedures set forth herein, and on the date of 
expiration of the Initial Term you satisfy all of the conditions to qualify for a 
successor term identified in Section 13.01 of this Agreement, then we will execute 
the Successor Franchise Agreement previously executed by you and will, deliver 
one fully executed copy of your Successor Franchise Agreement to you. 
E. 
If you do not perform any of the acts or deliver any of the writing required herein in a 
timely fashion, this will be considered your conclusive election not to exercise your 
right to enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement and such right will then 
automatically lapse and expire without further notice or action by us. If this occurs, 
this Agreement will terminate at the end of the Initial Term, except for the post-
termination and post-expiration provisions of this Agreement which by their nature 
are intended to survive. 
F. 
Time is of the essence with regard to this Section 13.02. 
