 
 
- 39 - 
1. 
Before employment or any promotion, your Operations Manager, Trainer, and all 
other managerial personnel, and your Chef; and, 
2. 
If you are a business entity, and as applicable, all of your owners, equity holders, 
control persons, shareholders, members, partners and general partner(s); all of your 
officers, directors and managers; and, all persons possessing equivalent positions in 
any business entity which directly or indirectly owns and/or controls you. You shall 
procure all such Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreements no later than ten (10) 
days following the Effective Date (or, if any individual or entity attains any status 
identified above after the Effective Date, within ten (10) days following such 
individual or entity’s attaining such status) and shall furnish to us copies of all 
executed Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreements within ten (10) days following 
their execution. 
You agree to require and obtain the execution of our Confidentiality Agreement substantially in the 
form of Exhibit F-2 from all of your non-managerial personnel before employment (or, in the case of 
any independent contractors, before engagement) or any promotion. 
12.06 Your and Our Enforcement of Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreements 
You agree to vigorously and vigilantly prosecute to the fullest extent permitted by law breaches of 
any Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement executed by any of the individuals referenced in 
Section 12.05, and you acknowledge our right, to be exercised as we alone determine, to 
ourselves and enforce the terms of any such executed Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement. 
If the substantive provisions of our Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement have been 
breached by an individual employed, engaged or otherwise serving your franchised Business who 
has not executed a Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement, you must nevertheless vigorously 
and vigilantly prosecute such conduct to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
13. CONDITIONS TO AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING SUCCESSOR TERM 
13.01 Conditions to Obtain a Successor Term 
Your right to enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement will be conditioned on the following: 
A. 
You must notify us in writing no more than nine (9) months and no less than six (6) 
months before the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement of your intent to 
enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement; 
B. 
Throughout the Initial Term and at the time of entering into a Successor Term you 
(and your affiliates) must have performed all of your obligations and been, according 
to our business judgment, in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the 
Brand Standards and other agreements between you (or your affiliates) and us or 
our affiliates; 
C. 
At the time of entering into a successor term, you (and your affiliates) must be 
current on the payment of all monetary obligations to us, our affiliates, the lessor or 
sublessor of your Restaurant and any material third party supplier of yours; 
D. 
Before the commencement of the applicable Successor Term, you must, at your 
cost and expense, refurbish, redesign and/or remodel your franchised Restaurant as 
we reasonably require to meet our then current standards, requirements and 
specifications (including, without limitation, refurbishing, repairing or replacing all 
equipment, electronic cash register systems, Computer System, signs, interior and 
exterior decor items, fixtures, furnishings, supplies and other products and materials 
required for the operation of the Restaurant and otherwise upgrading the Restaurant 
as we reasonably require to reflect our then-current System standards and the 
image of the System); 
