 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions 
will supersede and apply: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any provisions of the Franchise Agreement or New York 
law if such provisions are in conflict with North Dakota law. The Franchise Agreement will be governed by 
North Dakota law, rather than New York law, as stated in Section 30.03 of the Franchise Agreement 
(“Governing Law”). 
 
2. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue or requires the 
Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of North Dakota, is deleted from Franchise 
Agreements issued in the State of North Dakota. The site of any arbitration will be agreeable to all parties. 
 
3. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or any other person, 
directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of the State of North 
Dakota. 
 
4. 
Section 13.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Conditions to Obtain a Successor Term”) requires the 
execution of a general release upon renewal.  This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Agreements 
used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
5. 
Section 18.01 of the Franchise Agreement (“Further Obligations and Rights Following the Termination or 
Expiration of this Agreement”) may require franchisees to consent to termination or liquidated damages.  
This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Agreements used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
6. 
Covenants restricting competition in the State of North Dakota, such as those found in Section 12.02 of 
the Franchise Agreement (“Covenant Not to Compete”), may be subject to Section 9-08-06 of the North 
Dakota Century Code.  Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are generally 
considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
 
 7. 
Section 30.04 of the Franchise Agreement (“Venue”) requires that the franchisee consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts in New York.  This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Agreements used in the 
State of North Dakota. 
 
8. 
Section 30.05 of the Franchise Agreement (“Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages”) requires the 
franchisee consent to a waiver of trial by jury. This requirement is deleted from all Franchise Agreements 
used in the State of North Dakota. 
 
9. 
Based on the financial statement of the franchisor and the duties and obligations of the franchisor to 
furnish goods and/or services to assist its franchisees in establishing and opening their franchised 
business, the State of North Dakota requires that the franchisor assure financial capability. Accordingly, 
collection of initial fees due to the franchisor under the Franchise Agreement will be deferred until all 
obligations owed to the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement or other documents have been 
fulfilled by the franchisor and the franchisee has commenced doing business pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
10. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. 
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
