 
- 14 - 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You must purchase proprietary products from us or a supplier we designate. These products 
currently include noodles, dashi and miscellaneous specialty ingredients, and miscellaneous soup 
concentrates. Currently, the suppliers “Sun Noodles” and “Mutual Trading Company” (neither of 
whom are affiliated with us) are our designated suppliers for certain of these ”co-packed” proprietary 
products, as detailed in our Brand Standards. However, we may add more proprietary products, 
services, and/or equipment to our System at any time and require that you purchase them from us 
or our designated suppliers, which we may change at any time. Our designated suppliers are 
currently the only approved suppliers for our proprietary products.   
In addition, you must purchase your Point of Sale system from our designated supplier, which is 
currently Toast. 
You must negotiate your own agreement with OpenTable for online reservation services at your 
Restaurant, at their current rates (which are typically 25 cents to $1.50 per diner). 
Currently there are no other items for which we or our affiliates or designees are approved suppliers 
or the only approved suppliers.  
No officer of ours owns any interest in an approved supplier. 
Since we have not yet, as of the date of this Disclosure Document, sold any Ivan Ramen Restaurant 
franchises in the United States, we currently receive no revenues from sales of proprietary products 
to franchisees by us or a designee. Nor do we currently have any such arrangements in place. 
However, we reserve the right to receive revenues from this type of source in the future. We and/or 
our affiliates may derive revenue - - in the form of promotional allowances, volume discounts, 
commissions, other discounts, performance payments, signing bonuses, rebates, marketing and 
advertising allowances, free products, and other economic benefits and payments - - from suppliers 
that we designate, approve, or recommend for some or all Ivan Ramen Restaurants on account of 
those suppliers’ prospective or actual dealings with your Restaurant and other Ivan Ramen 
Restaurants. That revenue may or may not be related to services we or our affiliates perform. All 
amounts received from suppliers, whether or not based on your or other franchisees’ purchases from 
those suppliers, will be our and our affiliates’ exclusive property, which we and our affiliates may 
retain and use without restriction for any purposes we and our affiliates deem appropriate. Any 
products or services that we or our affiliates sell you directly may be sold to you at prices exceeding 
our and their costs. 
We do not currently have, but in the future may develop and require you to use, our own proprietary 
computer software programs. If we do so, the Initial Franchise Fee will include the purchase price 
and you will be required to pay for any future updates or revisions. We have received no revenues 
from sales of software updates or revisions to franchisees, but we will receive revenues from this 
source in the future. 
Since we have not previously sold Restaurant franchises in the United States and because we do 
not currently provide any software support ourselves, we currently receive no revenues from sales 
of software support services to franchisees. However, we reserve the right to receive revenues from 
this source in the future if we develop software support capabilities and add that as part of the 
System.  
Currently there are no items which you must buy from suppliers named or approved by us, except 
the proprietary products, and the computer and POS systems described above. 
You must purchase the required insurance in minimum coverages and amounts we specify to you in 
writing from time to time, which currently include the types of insurance disclosed in the Franchise 
Agreement, specifically: (1) Broad form comprehensive general liability coverage of at least 
$1,000,000 aggregate and at least $500,000 per occurrence, such insurance to embrace (without 
limitation) claims for personal injury, bodily injury, and property damage. This insurance may not 
have a deductible or self-insured retention of over $5,000; (2) Fire and extended coverage insurance 
