 
 
- 70 - 
31.02 Guarantee 
If you are a business entity, then we may require certain individuals or other entities (the 
“Guarantors”) to guarantee all of your duties, requirements and obligations under this Agreement, 
both financial and non-financial, by executing a guarantee substantially in the form of Exhibit F (the 
“Guarantee”).  In the event of the death of any Guarantor, we may require replacement guarantees 
sufficient in our sole business judgment to provide us with the same protection as we had originally 
bargained for. 
If you are in breach or default under this Agreement, we may proceed directly against each such 
individual and/or entity Guarantor without first proceeding against you and without proceeding 
against or naming in the action or proceeding any other such Guarantor. Your obligations and 
those of each such Guarantor will be joint and several. Notice to or demand upon one such 
Guarantor will be considered notice to or demand upon you and all such Guarantors.  No notice or 
demand need be made to or upon all such Guarantors. The cessation of or release from liability of 
you or any such Guarantor will not relieve you or any other Guarantor, as applicable, from liability 
under this Agreement, except to the extent that the breach or default has been remedied or money 
owed has been paid. 
32. SURVIVAL 
32.01 Survival 
Any provision of this Agreement which imposes in any fashion, directly or indirectly, an obligation 
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement will survive the termination or expiration 
and will continue to be binding upon the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their heirs, successors and assigns. 
33. OUR BUSINESS JUDGMENT 
33.01 Our Business Judgment 
Whenever this Agreement or any related agreement grants, confers or reserves to us the right to 
take action, refrain from taking action, grant or withhold our consent or grant or withhold our 
approval, unless the provision specifically states otherwise, we will have the right to engage in 
such activity at our option using our business judgment, taking into consideration our assessment 
of the long-term interests of the System overall. You and we recognize, and any court or judge is 
affirmatively advised, that if those activities and/or decisions are supported by our business 
judgment, neither said court, said judge nor any other person reviewing those activities or 
decisions will substitute his, her or its judgment for our judgment. When the terms of this 
Agreement specifically require that we not unreasonably withhold our approval or consent, if you 
are in default or breach under this Agreement, any withholding of our approval or consent will be 
considered reasonable. 
34. YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
34.01 Your Representations 
You represent and warrant to us, with the intention that we are relying on your representations and 
warranties in entering into this Agreement, that: 
1. 
If you are a business entity (including a corporation, limited liability company, 
general partnership or limited partnership), you are organized under the laws of the 
state of your principal place of business (or another state which you have identified 
to us) and your business entity is in good standing with and qualified to do business 
in each state and political/governmental subdivision having jurisdiction over your 
franchised Business. 
2. 
If you are business entity, you have all requisite power and authority to execute, 
deliver, consummate and perform all of your obligations under this Agreement, and 
