 
 
- 10 - 
All signs at your Restaurant must conform to our sign criteria, unless we otherwise consent in 
writing, for good cause you demonstrate. 
The sample layout and preliminary plans we furnish you will not address the requirements of any 
federal, state or local law, code or regulation, including those of the ADA or similar laws or rules. 
You alone, working with your architect or engineer (if applicable), are responsible for ensuring that 
your Restaurant, as constructed, complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, 
building codes, fire codes, permit requirements and the ADA. Further, the sample layout and 
preliminary plans we furnish you will not contain the requirements of, and may not be used for, 
construction drawings or other documentation necessary to obtain permits or authorizations to 
build and/or operate a specific Restaurant. You agree, at your expense, to employ architects, 
designers, engineers or others, all as we may specify, necessary to complete, adapt, modify or 
substitute the layout, plans and specifications for your Restaurant. 
You must employ a qualified, licensed architect and/or engineer that we specify or, if we do not 
specify, who is reasonably acceptable to us to prepare preliminary plans and specifications for the 
site improvement and construction of your Restaurant (which must be based on the sample layout 
and preliminary plans we furnish to you).  You must submit a complete set of your proposed final 
plans and specifications to us and obtain our written approval of them before you seek to register 
them with any governmental or quasi-governmental agency or begin construction of your 
franchised Restaurant. Our approval will be based on our assessment of compliance with our 
standards for new Restaurants. We will not assess compliance with federal, state or local laws, 
rules or regulations, including the ADA. Your architect must certify to you in writing that the plans 
and specifications for your Restaurant comply with the ADA; the architectural guidelines under the 
ADA; all applicable federal, state and/or local laws, rules and regulations for accessible facilities; 
and, all other applicable federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations (including building codes, 
fire codes and permit requirements).  You must furnish us with a copy of this certification prior to 
opening for business.   
You agree that any plans and specifications you prepare and submit to us will be irrevocably 
licensed to us in perpetuity. We, our affiliates and any other franchisees to whom we give these 
plans and specifications may use them without owing you any compensation or being liable to you 
in any way. 
6.05 
Maintaining Your Restaurant 
You shall at all times maintain at your sole expense the interior and exterior of your franchised 
Restaurant and the entire franchised Location and any other facilities used by the franchised 
Business in first class condition and repair, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and our Brand Standards, except to the extent that we may otherwise expressly agree 
in writing. 
6.06 
Refurbishing Your Restaurant 
We have the right to require you, once every five (5) years during the Initial Term of this 
Agreement, at your sole expense, to update, remodel, refurbish, renovate, modify or redesign the 
Restaurant so that it reflects our then-current standards. If any such direction of ours requires you 
to expend more than $15,000 to effect the directed activity, then you will have six months following 
your receipt of our notice to comply with our direction. In addition, we will relieve you from our 
direction if in our sole opinion you will be unable to amortize the additional investment required 
during the balance of the Initial Term of this Agreement; however, under these circumstances, we 
may extend the term of this Agreement to allow for a new schedule of amortization, and if we do so 
you will be required to comply with our direction. 
6.07 
Relocation of Your Restaurant 
You may not relocate your Restaurant to another location without first obtaining our written 
approval for the new location and reimbursing us for any reasonable costs we incur in considering 
your request. If you relocate the Restaurant with our approval subject to the terms of this Section 
6.07, the new location will be the "Location" of the franchised Business. Any relocation will be at 
