 
 
Page 11 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
12.02 Assignment By You – General 
Your rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal because we have entered into 
this Agreement in reliance on and in consideration of your singular personal trust, confidentiality, skill 
and qualifications (or, if you are an entity, the personal trust, confidentiality, skill and qualifications of 
your owners and employees). Therefore, except as provided below, neither your interest in this 
Agreement, your rights, privileges or obligations under this Agreement, the franchised Business, the 
Restaurant, nor any interest in the franchised Business, the Restaurant or a Business Entity 
Franchisee (including any capital stock, membership, partnership or proprietary interest of you or 
anyone who controls you), may be assigned, sold, transferred, shared, reconsidered, sublicensed or 
divided, voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, in one or a series of related transactions, by 
operation of law or otherwise (each, an "assignment"), without first obtaining our written consent and, 
where applicable, complying with our right of first refusal, each as provided in this Article 12. Any 
assignment in violation of this Article 12 will be null, void and of no effect.   
12.03 Assignment By You – To A Business Entity You Form 
We will not unreasonably withhold or delay our consent to your assignment to a Business 
Entity that you form solely for the convenience of entity ownership if all the following conditions are 
met: 
1. 
The Business Entity is newly formed and each requirement in Sections 9.04 and 18.15 
has been satisfied. 
2. 
Each individual involved in the new entity has the same proportionate ownership 
interest in the new entity as he or she had in the franchised Business before the 
assignment. 
3. 
You and the new entity sign an agreement with us under which you and the new entity 
are jointly and severally liable for all the obligations under this Agreement and bound 
by all the terms, conditions and covenants of this Agreement.  
4. 
Each present and future equity holder in the new entity signs our Confidentiality/Non-
Competition Agreement in the form of Exhibit C to this Agreement. 
12.04 Assignment By You – Transfer Upon Death or Disability 
Upon your death or long-term disability (if you are an individual) or the death or disability of 
any “Key Equityholder” as defined below (if you are a Business Entity), that person's rights will pass 
to his or her estate, heirs, legatees, guardians or representatives, as appropriate (collectively, the 
"Estate"). "Key Equityholder" means a 25% shareholder, member, partner or proprietor of the 
Franchisee as of the Effective Date. 
The Estate may continue the operation of the franchised Business if: (i) the Estate provides 
a competent and qualified individual acceptable to us to serve as Area Business Manager and 
operate your Ivan Ramen Restaurant Businesses on a full-time basis, and (ii) this individual assumes 
full-time operation of the Businesses as Area Business Manager within one month of the date the 
person dies or becomes disabled. If the Estate does not designate an Area Business Manager or 
the Estate's designated Area Business Manager does not assume the full-time operation of the 
franchised Business within one month, this will be a material breach of this Agreement which, unless 
cured by the Estate as provided in Section 15.03, will result in this Agreement being terminated 
immediately. 
