 
 
- 56 - 
franchised Business or your Restaurant to any third party in violation of the terms of 
this Agreement. 
7. 
You do not comply with the covenant not to compete set forth in this Agreement 
during the term of this Agreement; violate the restrictions pertaining to the use of 
Confidential Information contained in this Agreement; or, do not obtain the execution 
of the additional covenants required by this Agreement. 
8. 
You, your Operations Manager, your Trainer, and all others required to do so fail to 
attend or successfully complete our Initial Training Program (after being afforded the 
opportunity to repeat the training pursuant to Section 7.02 of this Agreement). 
9. 
You knowingly or through gross negligence: conceal revenues; maintain false books 
or records; falsify information or otherwise defraud or make false representations to 
us; or, submit any false report to us. 
10. 
You do not maintain the financial records required by Section 11.02 of this 
Agreement. 
11. 
We or our designee conducts an audit of your franchised Business which discloses 
that any monthly report or statement which you submitted to us understated your 
Gross Revenues by eight percent (8%) or more for any month within the period of 
examination, or for the entire period of examination. 
12. 
You refuse us permission to inspect, or to conduct an operational and/or financial 
audit of, your Business. 
13. 
You take, withhold, misdirect or appropriate for your own use any funds withheld 
from your employees' wages which should have been set aside for the franchised 
Business’ employee taxes, FICA, insurance or benefits; wrongfully take or 
appropriate for your own use our property or funds; systemically fail to deal fairly 
and honestly with your employees, customers or suppliers; or knowingly permit or, 
having discovered the facts, fail to take any action against, or to discharge, any 
agent, servant or employee who has embezzled our funds or property or that of any 
customers or others. 
14. 
After curing a default which is subject to cure under Section 17.03 below, you 
commit the same act of default again within six months. 
15. 
You make a willful misrepresentation or do not make a material disclosure required 
by any governmental or quasi-governmental authority regarding any matter involving 
or affecting the operations of your franchised Business and your Restaurant. 
16. 
You interfere or attempt to interfere in any manner with our or our affiliates’ 
contractual relations and/or our relationships with other franchisees; any supplier of 
you, us or other franchisees; any governmental or quasi-governmental authority; our 
employees or advertising agencies; or, any third parties. 
17. 
You commit any act or default which materially impairs the goodwill associated with 
our Proprietary Marks and which, by its nature, is incurable; or, if the default is 
curable, you fail to cure the default following delivery of written notice to cure at least 
seventy-two hours in advance. 
18. 
You do not comply, for a period of fifteen (15) days after notification of non-
compliance by us or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, with any 
federal, state or local law or regulation applicable to the operation of the franchised 
Business. 
19. 
You repeatedly fail to comply with one or more requirements of this Agreement, 
whether or not corrected after notice. 
