 
- 3 - 
any required license, permit, certificate or other governmental authorization that may be necessary 
or required for you to carry out the activities contemplated by the Franchise Agreement. 
In addition, the laws, rules and regulations which apply to businesses in general will affect you. 
Consult your lawyer about them. 
 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Chief Executive Officer and Manager: Ivan Orkin 
Ivan Orkin has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Manager since our formation in July, 2021. 
He has also served as the executive Chef of our affiliate, Ivan Ramen USA LLC, since its inception 
in July 2012, is Chief Executive Officer of our affiliate, Ivan Ramen Consulting Group LLC since its 
inception in August 2019 and of our affiliate, Ivan Ramen IP Holdings LLC since its inception in April 
2019. Mr. Orkin also served as CEO and Executive Chef for Ramen Junkie USA LLC d/b/a Slurp 
Shop from 2013 until November 2020. All positions have at all times been based in the New York 
City area.  
Chief Operating Officer and Secretary: Chad Combs 
Chad Combs has served as our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary since our formation in July, 
2021. He has also served as the Director of Operations of our affiliate, Ivan Ramen USA LLC, since 
May 2016.  He served as Director of Operations for Ramen Junkie USA LLC d/b/a Slurp Shop from 
2013 until November 2020. All positions have at all times been based in the New York City area. 
Culinary Director:  Dale Watkins 
Dale Watkins has served as our Culinary Director since January 2024.  Prior to that, he was a Senior 
Consultant for Deloitte in New York City from July 2022 to January 2024. He attended business 
school and obtained his Master of Business Administration at the University of California at Berkeley 
from August 2020 to May 2022.  Prior to that, he was Director of Culinary for Ivan Ramen Slurp Shop 
(owned and operated by our affiliate, Ramen Junkie USA LLC) and for Ivan Ramen USA LLC, both 
in New York City, from September 2018 to January 2020. 
 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Franchisees will each pay an Initial Franchise Fee of $35,000.  We may modify the Initial Franchise 
Fee for atypical locations or unusual development or operational circumstances such as opening a 
number of units, previous experience working with us, or unusual financial capabilities. In our last 
fiscal year (2024) we charged a reduced Initial Franchise Fee of $25,000 for one location which was 
atypical (reduced size, in a food hall).  
You must pay the Initial Franchise Fee in full on the date that we (Franchisor) countersign the 
Franchise Agreement. We will not refund any of the Initial Franchise Fee. 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you must pay us a development fee (the “Development 
Fee”) of $35,000 times the number of individual Restaurants you commit to develop under the Area 
Development Agreement (Exhibit B), which fee is due in full on the date that we (Franchisor) 
countersign such agreement. The Development Fee for each Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business will 
be applied against the Initial Franchise Fee for that Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business which would 
otherwise be payable. The Development Fee is fully earned when paid and it is not refundable.   
