 
 
Page 17 
 
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer 
______ 
 
18.06 Notices 
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be in writing; must 
be delivered to the other party either personally, by certified mail (return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid), or by documented overnight delivery with a reputable carrier; and, will be effective on the 
date that delivery is documented to have been first attempted. Any notice to us will be addressed to 
us at: 
Ivan Ramen Franchising LLC 
 
42 Maple Street 
 
Dobbs Ferry, NY 10522 
 
Attention: Ivan Orkin 
With a copy to: 
Kaufmann Gildin & Robbins LLP 
 
767 Third Avenue, 30th Floor 
 
New York, New York 10017 
 
Attention: David B. Ramsey, Esq. 
Any notice to you will be addressed to your address as set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement. Either party to this Agreement may, in writing, on 10 days’ notice, inform the other of a 
new or changed address or addressee(s) to which notices under this Agreement should be sent. We 
may provide any notice under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any notice of termination) 
sufficiently in advance of any event to permit compliance with any notice requirements under state 
or other laws. 
18.07 Execution, Construction and Interpretation; Further Acts 
A. 
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
Facsimile execution signatures will be considered as binding and conclusive as if original, provided, 
however, that any party so executing must use all commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to the 
other party(ies) the originally executed document(s) at the earliest opportunity. 
B. 
 The titles and subtitles of the various articles and sections of this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience and will not affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms, 
provisions, covenants and conditions of this Agreement. The language of this Agreement will in all 
cases be construed simply according to its fair and plain meaning and not strictly for or against us or 
you. 
C. 
It is agreed that if any provision of this Agreement is capable of two constructions, 
one of which would render the provision void and the other of which would render the provision valid, 
then the provision will have the meaning which renders it valid. 
D. 
The parties agree to execute all other documents and perform all further acts 
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 
E. 
Each reference in this Agreement to a corporation or partnership will also refer to a 
limited liability company, general or limited partnership, and any other entity or similar organization. 
Each reference to the organizational documents, shareholders, directors, officers and stock of a 
corporation in this Agreement will also refer to the functional equivalents of the organizational 
documents, shareholders, directors, officers and voting and/or equity rights, as applicable, in the 
case of a limited liability company, general partnership, limited partnership or any other entity or 
similar organization (this specifically includes members and managers, general and limited partners, 
membership interests and general and limited partnership interests). 
