 
- 8 - 
(1) 
Type of Fee 
(2) 
Amount 
(3) 
Due Date 
(4) 
Remarks 
Attorneys' and 
Experts’ Fees, 
Court Costs 
The amount of these 
fees and costs are 
unknown and may vary 
depending upon factors 
such as the attorneys 
and experts selected 
and the court costs. 
Promptly when 
due 
See Note 5. 
If we incur attorneys’ fees, costs, and 
expenses as a result of your failure to 
perform obligations, you must reimburse 
us whether or not legal proceedings are 
initiated. 
 
Notes 
Unless otherwise stated, all fees on the table above are nonrefundable and the fee or its formula is 
uniformly imposed. 
[1] 
If we develop additional proprietary products, equipment or services in the future as part of 
the System, you must buy such proprietary products from us, our affiliate or designee. We 
(or our affiliates or designees) will sell you proprietary products, equipment or services under 
terms we develop and advise you of periodically. We may earn a profit on the sale of such 
proprietary products, equipment or services to you. 
If a state or local law where your Ivan Ramen Restaurant Business is located prohibits or 
restricts in any way your ability to pay and our ability to collect the Continuing Royalty, System 
Brand Contribution or any other applicable fees derived from the sale of alcoholic beverages 
at your Restaurant (an “Alcohol Restriction Law”), you will be required to pay whatever 
increased percentages of all Gross Revenues not deriving from the sale of alcohol are 
necessary so that the applicable fee you pay us in dollars equals the amount you would pay 
if you were not subject to an Alcohol Restriction Law.   
[2] 
You agree to use proprietary software and software support services that either we develop 
and provide or which are provided by a third party supplier we designate, and you will execute 
any standard form software license agreement reasonably necessary to do so. You must use 
the software support services disclosed in Item 11. You pay for any future updates or 
revisions. You must buy new or upgraded programs and materials from us if we adopt them 
system-wide, at the prices we set. We do not know the cost of any future updates or revisions 
at this time. You will pay for new or updated programs and materials when you order them. 
[3] 
Insurance premiums may vary widely by your location, creditworthiness and risk profile. You 
must maintain the insurance coverages and amounts disclosed in the Franchise Agreement, 
which are subject to change by us from time to time upon notice to you. 
[4] 
If we audit your Business, and you understated the Gross Revenues on the monthly 
statements you submitted to us by 2% percent or more for any month or for the entire period, 
when compared with your actual Gross Revenues, then you must immediately pay us the 
cost of the audit and the additional amounts owing, plus interest at the highest legal rate or, 
if there is no maximum legal rate, then 4% percent above the prime rate. Otherwise we must 
pay the cost of the audit.  
If you understated your Gross Revenues by 8% or more for any month or for the entire period, 
we can terminate the Franchise Agreement and you must pay the amount due, plus interest 
and the cost of the audit. If you understated your Gross Revenues by less than 2% percent 
for any month or for the entire period, you must immediately pay us the amount due, plus 
interest, but we will pay the cost of the audit. 
