 
 
Page 7  
 
 
 
              Initials:  Franchisor ______  Area Developer ______ 
 
advice and counsel and keep you informed with regard to the defense or contemplated settlements. 
Our undertaking of defense and/or settlement will in no way diminish your obligation to indemnify us 
and the other Indemnitees and to hold us and them harmless. 
We will have the right, at any time we consider appropriate, to offer, order, consent or agree 
to settlements or take any other remedial or corrective actions we consider expedient with respect 
to the action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation if, in our sole judgment, there 
are reasonable grounds to do so. Under no circumstances will we or the other Indemnitees be 
required to seek recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate their losses to maintain a claim 
against you. You agree that any failure to pursue recovery from third parties or mitigate loss will in 
no way reduce the amounts recoverable by us or the other Indemnitees from you. The 
indemnification obligations of this Section 9.03 will survive the expiration or sooner termination of 
this Agreement. 
9.04 
Business Entity Franchisee Requirements 
If you are a Business Entity, you must comply with the following requirements (which will also 
apply to any Business Entity assignee of yours):  
1. 
Furnish us with your articles of incorporation, bylaws, partnership, agreement, limited 
partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement and other governing documents; list of 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners (limited and general), proprietors or members (including 
type, number and percentage of interests held); the Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreements 
required under Section ; and any other documents we may reasonably request, and any 
amendments to them.  
2. 
Confine your activities to the operation of your franchised Business, and your 
governing documents must provide that your activities are confined exclusively to the operation of 
your franchised Business. 
3. 
Maintain stop transfer instructions against the transfer on the records of any of your 
equity securities, and not issue or have outstanding any securities on the face of which the following 
printed legend does not legibly and conspicuously appear: 
"The transfer of this security is subject to the terms and conditions of a 
Franchise Agreement with Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC, dated _________. 
Reference is made to the provisions of this Franchise Agreement and to the governing 
documents of this issuer. This certificate is not transferable and is not subject to sale, 
assignment, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance, or transfer, by operation of law or 
otherwise, without the prior written consent of Ivan Ramen Franchising, LLC." 
5. 
Maintain a current list of all owners of record and all beneficial owners of any class of 
your capital stock, general or limited partnership interests, membership interests or similar interests, 
and furnish this list to us on request. 
6. 
Ensure that your organizational documents expressly restrict the assignment (as 
defined in Section 0) of any direct or indirect ownership interest in you, including your equity interests, 
and provide that such documents may not be modified without our prior written consent. 
9.05 
Best Efforts; Cooperation with Us 
You agree to act in good faith and use your best efforts to comply with your obligations under 
this Agreement, and to cooperate with us in accomplishing the purposes of this Agreement. 
9.06 
Your Participation in Operations 
A. You agree to devote your full time and efforts to the performance of your duties under this 
Agreement, and a failure to do so will constitute a material breach of this Agreement, which, unless 
