 
 
- 50 - 
less any brokerage commissions or other expenses which may be saved by you as a result of our 
exercise of the rights and options granted to us herein.  Under no circumstance shall we be liable 
for the payment of any brokerage commissions or other expenses as a result of our exercise of our 
rights and options hereunder unless we otherwise agree in writing. 
“Adequate assurance of future performance”, as used above, shall mean that we shall have been 
furnished with specific evidence that any proposed assignee of this Agreement can and will comply 
with all operational and other performance requirements, and with all conditions, obligations, 
duties, covenants and requirements of a franchisee under: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the standard form 
Franchise Agreement then being offered to our franchisees; (iii) such other ancillary agreements as 
we may require; and (iv) any of our policies describing our franchisees’ duties, obligations, 
conditions, covenants or performance requirements.  You understand and agree that adequate 
assurance of future performance shall mean that any proposed assignee must satisfy the 
conditions set forth in Section 14.04 above. 
14.10 No Waiver of our Rights 
Our consent to any sale, transfer or assignment under this Article 14 shall not constitute a waiver 
of any claims we may have against you, your franchised Business, any of your owners and/or any 
Guarantor, nor shall our consent be deemed a waiver of our right to require exact compliance with 
any of the terms of this Agreement by any assignee. 
15. PROPRIETARY MARKS 
15.01 Our Ownership of Proprietary Marks 
You agree that the Proprietary Marks are our (or our affiliates’) exclusive property. You assert and 
will in the future assert no claim to any goodwill, reputation or ownership of the Proprietary Marks 
by virtue of your licensed use of the Proprietary Marks, or for any other reason. You agree that you 
will not do or permit any act or thing to be done in derogation of any of our rights or the rights of our 
affiliates in connection with the Proprietary Marks, either during or after the term of this Agreement. 
You agree not to apply for or obtain any trademark or service mark registration of any of the 
Proprietary Marks or any confusingly similar marks in your own name. You agree to use the 
Proprietary Marks only for the uses and in the manner licensed under this Agreement and as 
provided in this Agreement. If you are a business entity, then you agree that under no 
circumstance will you incorporate any of the Proprietary Marks, any portion thereof or any name or 
mark derivative of or similar to the Proprietary Marks, in your business entity’s name. You may 
never use the Proprietary Marks in connection with any other business except for the franchised 
Business. You agree that you will not, during or after the Term of this Agreement, impair the 
goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks or in any way dispute or impugn the validity of the 
Proprietary Marks, our rights (or those of our affiliates) to the Proprietary Marks, or the rights of us, 
our affiliates, other franchisees of ours or other third parties to whom we may have licensed the 
Proprietary Marks. 
You acknowledge that our rights in the Proprietary Marks are not limited to the specific 
presentation or configuration of any of them, but rather extend to all combinations and displays of 
the words and/or design elements thereof and extend to all translations of them in any language. 
Further, you acknowledge and agree that our and our affiliates’ rights in and to the Proprietary 
Marks are not limited to such rights as may be conferred by registrations thereof or by applications 
for registrations but, instead, include extensive common law and other rights in the Proprietary 
Marks vested in us as a result of their use by us, our affiliates and other authorized parties. 
15.02 Limitations on Your License to Use the Proprietary Marks 
Nothing in this Agreement will give you any right, title or interest in or to any of our (or our 
affiliates’) Proprietary Marks except as a mere privilege and license, during the term of this 
Agreement, to display and use the Proprietary Marks according to the limitations set forth in this 
Agreement, in our Brand Standards or in other written notices to you. You understand and agree 
that your limited license to use the Proprietary Marks granted by this Agreement applies only to the 
