 
- 23 - 
(4) 
Continue, if we determine to do so, to engage in the pricing activities described above in this 
Item 11. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.07) 
 (5) 
Furnish requirements for the selection, training and duties of your personnel and Operations 
Manager(s). (Franchise Agreement, Sections 8.07 and 8.18) 
Advertising 
Advertising Cooperatives 
There are no advertising cooperatives. The Franchise Agreement does not give us the power to 
require advertising cooperatives to be formed, changed, dissolved or merged.  
System Brand Fund and Regional Brand Fund 
We will notify you in writing of the starting date and amount of your System Brand Fund Contributions 
and/or Regional Brand Fund Contributions, if we form a System Brand Fund and/or a Regional Brand 
Fund (as applicable, the “Fund”). (Franchise Agreement, Section 10.01.) 
We will direct all advertising programs and control the creative concepts, materials and media used, 
media placement and allocation. We need not make expenditures for you which are equivalent or 
proportionate to your contributions. We need not ensure that any particular franchisee benefits 
directly or proportionately from Fund advertising. The Fund is not a trust and we are not a fiduciary. 
The Fund may be used to meet all costs of administering, directing, preparing, placing and paying 
for national, regional or local advertising. This includes: television, radio, magazine, newspaper and 
worldwide web/internet advertising campaigns; other advertising, marketing and public relations 
materials; point-of-purchase materials; consumer research, interviews and related activities; the 
creation, maintenance and periodic modification of the Ivan Ramen website;; reviewing any 
advertising material you propose to use (as provided below); search engine optimization; 
establishing a third party facility for customizing local advertising materials; accounting for Ivan 
Ramen Fund receipts and expenditures; attendance at industry related conventions, shows or 
seminars; advertising at sports events; mailers, door hangers, freestanding inserts/coupons, 
brochures and sponsorships; mystery shoppers (both for the Ivan Ramen System and for competitive 
networks or units); celebrity endorsements; other activities that we believe are appropriate to 
enhance, promote and/or protect the Ivan Ramen System; and, engaging advertising agencies to 
assist in any or all of the above activities, including fees to have print, broadcast and/or internet 
advertising placed by an agency, and all other public relations and advertising agency fees. 
We need not maintain the money paid by franchisees to the Fund and income earned by the Fund 
in a separate account, but we may not use this money for any purposes other than those provided 
for in the Franchise Agreement. We can spend money from the Fund for our reasonable 
administrative costs and overhead for activities reasonably related to the administration of the Fund 
and advertising programs for franchisees, including, for example, preparing marketing and 
advertising materials; working with advertising agencies, advertising placement services and 
creative talent; preparing an accounting of contributions to the Fund and the annual statement of 
Fund contributions and expenditures described below; and, otherwise devoting our personnel, 
resources and/or funds for the benefit of the Fund. Our right to expend monies from the Fund to 
reimburse us for these activities does not include any advertising agency fees which the Fund must 
pay to secure the services of an advertising agency or to have print, broadcast or internet advertising 
placed by an agency. 
Within sixty (60) days following the close of our fiscal year, we will prepare (but not audit) a statement 
detailing Fund income and expenses for the fiscal year just ended. We will send you a copy of this 
statement upon request. 
We will spend most contributions to the Fund for advertising purposes during the fiscal year in which 
the contributions are made. If not all advertising funds are spent in the fiscal year in which they 
accrue, we will use the remaining amount in the future for the benefit of the franchisees and the 
