 
- 38 - 
Business Manager and, no later than 90 days following the death, disability or termination of the 
predecessor Area Business Manager, you must designate a successor Area Business Manager. 
Your Operating Principal, your Operations Manager and Trainer of any Ivan Ramen Restaurant, 
Assistant/Kitchen Manager, Area Business Manager and the other persons listed in Item 14 must 
sign our confidentiality/non-competition agreement (Exhibit E to the Franchise Agreement) and keep 
our confidential or proprietary information confidential (see Item 14). 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must at all times offer and sell all products, services and programs which we designate part of 
the Ivan Ramen System unless you are prohibited by local law or regulation from selling a menu 
item, product, service or program or we have granted you our advance written approval to exclude 
a menu item, product, service or program. 
If you would like to sell any product, service or program which is not a part of the Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant System, then you must seek and obtain our advance written permission. If we grant our 
advance written approval, then the product, service or program in question will become a part of the 
Ivan Ramen System (though we will not be required to, but may, authorize it for sale at one or more 
other Ivan Ramen Restaurants). We may subsequently revoke our approval. We will own all rights 
associated with the product, service or program. You will not be entitled to any compensation in 
connection with it. 
We may add to, delete from or modify the services, products and programs which you can and must 
offer or we may modify the System. You must abide by any additions, deletions and modifications. 
There are no limits on our rights to make these changes. Such modifications may obligate you to 
invest additional capital or incur higher operating costs. 
In addition to modifications of the Ivan Ramen Restaurant System, we may at times co-brand one or 
more restaurant concepts which we or our affiliates operate with Ivan Ramen System Restaurants 
and/or offer for sale in  Ivan Ramen System Restaurants products sold in restaurants operated by 
us and/or our affiliates (collectively, "Co-Branding"). This Co-Branding may involve changes to the 
Proprietary Marks, and may require you to modify the building and premises of your Ivan Ramen 
System Restaurant and the furnishing, fixtures, equipment, signs and trade dress at your Ivan 
Ramen Restaurant. If you receive written notice of our institution of Co-Branding, you must 
implement the Co-Branding at your franchised Business. The Franchise Agreement does not place 
any limit on our rights to require you to make changes for Co-Branding.  
You may only sell Ivan Ramen System products and services at retail from your Ivan Ramen 
Restaurant, and you may not engage in the wholesale sale and/or distribution of any Ivan Ramen 
product, service, equipment or other component, or any related product or service. Under no 
circumstances may your Business offer delivery of System menu items or products except as we 
may (but need not) authorize in writing. You may, however, use third-party online ordering and/or 
delivery aggregators in accordance with our System standards or as approved in writing by us. 
See Item 12 for the territorial limitations on the retail customers to whom you can sell. 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, we reserve the rights to impose minimum, maximum, 
or specific pricing requirements and promotional pricing requirements, to the fullest extent permitted 
by then-applicable law. These rights may include (without limitation) prescribing the maximum and/or 
minimum prices which you may charge at your Restaurant; recommending prices; advertising 
specific prices for some or all of the foregoing, which prices you will be compelled to observe 
(colloquially referred to as “price point advertising campaigns”); engaging in marketing, promotional 
and related campaigns which you must participate in and which may directly or indirectly impact your 
prices (such as “buy one, get one free”); and, otherwise mandating, directly or indirectly, the 
maximum and/or minimum prices which you may charge. We may engage in any such activity either 
