 
 
- 52 - 
and, upon request, to furnish to us copies of all such filings, approvals and registrations.  You must 
never identify yourself as an agent of ours.  You must conspicuously identify yourself, your 
franchised Business and your Restaurant as an independently owned and operated franchised 
business in all dealings with your customers, contractors, suppliers, public officials and members of 
the public, and in all advertising, promotion and marketing related to your Business.  You agree to 
place this notice of independent ownership in your Restaurant and any other facilities of your 
franchised Business and on printed materials, business cards, stationery, marketing and 
advertising materials, signs and other written or electronic modes in the form, size and manner we 
specify in our Brand Standards or otherwise and in such fashion as we require from time to time. 
If you are a business entity, you may not use our Proprietary Marks, any portion or segment of our 
Proprietary Marks or any confusingly similar words or symbols in your business entity’s name.  In 
particular, you may not use the words “Ivan Ramen,” or any segment or variant thereof as part of 
your business entity’s legal name.   
You shall require all of your advertising, promotional materials, signs, decorations, paper goods 
(including disposable food containers, napkins, menus, and all forms and stationery used in or by 
your franchised Business), and all other items we may designate, to feature and bear the 
Proprietary Marks in the form, color, location and manner we prescribe. 
15.05 Our Defense of Proprietary Marks and Copyrights 
If you receive notice, are informed of or learn of any claim, suit or demand against you on account 
of any alleged infringement, unfair competition, or similar matter relating to your use of the 
Proprietary Marks or any of our copyrights (each, a "claim"), you agree to promptly notify us. We 
will then promptly take any action we may consider necessary to protect and defend you against 
the claim, so long as the claim is based solely on any alleged infringement, unfair competition, or 
similar matter relating to your use of the Proprietary Marks or copyrights. You may not settle or 
compromise any claim of a third party without our prior written consent. We will have the right to 
defend, compromise and settle the claim at our sole cost and expense, using our own counsel. 
You agree to cooperate fully with us in connection with the defense of the claim and to execute any 
and all documents, and do any and all things, as our counsel deems necessary, including (but not 
limited to) becoming a nominal party to any legal action. If you do so, then we shall reimburse you 
for your out-of-pocket costs in doing such acts and things, but you will bear the salary costs of your 
employees and we will bear the costs of any judgment or settlement.  You grant irrevocable 
authority to us, and appoint us as your attorney in fact, to defend and/or settle all claims of this 
type. You may participate at your own expense in the defense or settlement, but our decisions with 
regard to the defense or settlement will be final.  
We will have no obligation to you under this Section 15.05 if the claim arises out of or relates to 
your use of any of the Proprietary Marks and/or our copyrights in violation of the terms of this 
Agreement and/or the Brand Standards. 
15.06 Prosecution of Infringers 
If you receive notice or are informed or learn that any third party which you believe is not 
authorized to use the Proprietary Marks is using the Proprietary Marks or any variant of the 
Proprietary Marks, you agree to promptly notify us. We will then determine whether or not we wish 
to take any action against the third party on account of the alleged infringement of our Proprietary 
Marks. You will have no right to make any demand or to prosecute any infringement claim.  If we 
undertake an action against an infringing party, you must execute any and all documents and do 
such acts and things as, in our counsel’s opinion, are necessary including (but not limited to) 
becoming a nominal party to any legal action.  Unless the litigation is the result of your improper 
use of the Proprietary Marks, we shall reimburse you for your out-of-pocket costs in doing such 
acts and things, but you will bear the salary costs of your employees. 
15.07 Discontinuance or Substitution of Proprietary Marks 
If now or hereafter one or more of the Proprietary Marks can no longer be used, or if we in our sole 
business judgment determine to adopt and use one or more additional or substitute Proprietary 
