 
 
- 45 - 
O. That you and, if you are a business entity, each of your owners and guarantors, and the 
assignee (and if the assignee is a business entity, each of each owners and guarantors) 
execute a general release substantially in the form of Exhibit H of any and all claims, 
demands and causes of action which you, such owners or the assignee and its owners 
may or might have against us and/or any of the Franchisor Parties through the date of 
execution of the assignee’s new Franchise Agreement. 
P. That if the assignee is a business entity, all of the requirements of its new Franchise 
Agreement concerning business entities must be complied with before we will execute 
the new Franchise Agreement and, as applicable, will continue to be complied with 
thereafter. 
Q. That you furnish us with a copy of any proposed contract of assignment (and any 
related agreements) and, promptly following execution, furnish to us a copy of the 
executed contract of assignment (and any related agreements). 
R. That you have corrected any existing deficiencies of the Restaurant of which we have 
notified you. 
S. That upon our request, either you and/or the proposed assignee, at your/its own 
expense, renovate, remodel and upgrade your Restaurant to conform to our then-
current standards and specifications for System Restaurants in the United States and 
complete such modifications, at our election, either prior to the contemplated 
assignment or such later time reasonably specified by us. 
T. That you pay us a transfer fee of $10,000, payable on or before the assignment, or such 
greater amount as may be necessary to reimburse us for our legal, accounting and 
other expenses incurred in connection with your assignment. 
U. That neither the proposed assignee nor any of its owners or affiliates directly or 
indirectly owns, operates or has any interest in, or has a material business relationship 
with, a Competitive Business (as denominated in Section 12.02 above) of us or any of 
our affiliates.   
You expressly agree that your obligations to indemnify and hold harmless us and the other 
Franchisor Parties under Section 8.10 of this Agreement extends to and embraces liabilities arising 
from or relating to, directly or indirectly, any statements, representations or warranties that you may 
give to or receive from any proposed assignee and/or any claim that you (and, if you are a 
business entity, your owners, Operations Manager, Trainer, management or employees) or your 
assignee engaged in fraud, deceit, violation of franchise laws or other illegality in connection with 
the negotiation or consummation of the assignment. As with all other indemnification obligations 
set forth in this Agreement, this specific indemnification obligation will survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement. 
You further understand and agree that our approval of any assignment transaction will not 
constitute our waiver of any claims against you by us or our affiliates, under this Agreement or 
otherwise. 
You further understand and agree that our consent to an assignment of this Agreement and the 
Restaurant, or any interest in you or your owners, is not a representation of the fairness of the 
terms of any contract between you and the assignee, a guarantee of the Restaurant’s or 
assignee’s prospects of success, or a waiver of any claims we have against you (or your owners) 
or of our right to demand the assignee’s full compliance with this Agreement. 
The provisions of Section 14.02 through Section 14.04 inclusive pertain to any lease, management 
agreement or other agreement which would have the effect of transferring any material asset or 
control of all or any part of the operations of your franchised Business to any third party.  Any such 
agreement must first be approved by us in writing. We will not unreasonably withhold our approval, 
