- 46 -
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
following the death or disability to sell (as applicable) Franchisee or the 
franchised Business in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.05 
(conditions for our approval of transfer) of the Franchise Agreement, and subject 
to our right of first refusal to purchase the business under Section 14.06 of the 
Franchise Agreement. This Operating Principal must successfully complete our 
next Initial Training Program and assume full-time operation of the franchise 
within 1 month of your death or disability. The Estate must pay us a $1,000 
administrative fee. From the date of your death or disability until a Operating 
Principal assumes full time control, we can operate your Business, but need not 
do so. See Item 6. Or, the Estate may sell the franchise in accordance with the 
requirements described in m. above.  This provision is subject to state law. 
q. Non-
competition cov-
enants during
the term of the
franchise
Section 
12.02 
No involvement in competing business anywhere in U.S. 
r. Non-
competition cov-
enants after the
franchise is
terminated or
expires
Section 
12.02 
No competing business for two (2) years within your Territory, within ten (10) 
miles of the perimeter of your Territory, or within ten (10) miles of the perimeter 
of (or within) any Ivan Ramen Business Territory. 
s. Modification
of the
agreement
Sections 
8.03, 25.01; 
27.01 
No oral modifications generally, but we may change the Brand Standards. Any 
Brand Standards change will not conflict with or materially alter your rights and 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
t. Integration/
merger clause
Section 
24.01 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the Exhibits to the Franchise 
Agreement and all agreements signed with it are binding (subject to state law). 
Any representations or promises outside of the disclosure document and 
franchise agreement may not be enforceable. However, nothing in any 
agreement is intended to disclaim the express representations made in the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, its exhibits and amendments.   
u. Dispute
resolution by
arbitration or
mediation
Not 
applicable 
No provision for arbitration or mediation. 
v. Choice of
forum
Section 
30.04 
Litigation must be at a state or federal district court of competent jurisdiction in 
the state, county and judicial district in which our principal place of business is 
then located, subject to state law.  
w. Choice of law
Section 
30.03 
New York law applies, subject to state law. 
See the state addenda to the Franchise Agreement and disclosure document for special state 
disclosures. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]
