F-11 
 
 
readjustment of indebtedness, debtor reorganization, or composition or extension. 
 
3.5 
The filing of any petition or the commencement of any involuntary proceeding 
against Borrower for relief under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or any law relating to the relief of 
debtors, readjustment of indebtedness, debtor reorganization, or composition or extension. 
 
 
Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that a default in the payment or performance of the 
obligations under this Note shall be deemed a material breach under the Franchise, allowing 
McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies pursuant to said Franchise. 
 
4. 
Remedies with Respect to Collateral. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Lender 
may exercise the following remedies, at its option, and demand and notice are waived by Borrower. 
 
4.1 
Possession. Lender shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral in 
accordance with all applicable local and federal laws. 
 
4.2 
Collateral. Lender may sell any or all of the Collateral at public or private sale, 
provided that, except for sales to persons approved by McDonald’s, prior to such a sale, Lender agrees 
to remove from the Collateral all trademark identification and all other identification of McDonald’s, 
its subsidiaries and affiliates. The method, manner, time, place and terms of a sale pursuant to this 
section shall be commercially reasonable and shall be specified in a written notice from Lender to be 
received by Borrower at least five (5) days prior to such sale. Any proceeds from such a sale shall be 
applied by Lender to  Borrower’s obligations under this Note. The balance, if any, shall be returned to 
Borrower. Borrower shall remain liable for any deficiency. 
 
4.3 
Other Remedies. In addition, Lender shall have all rights and remedies available 
at law or in equity, all of which shall be cumulative 
 
5. 
Reporting Requirements.  Borrower shall furnish to Lender: 
 
5.1 
Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within forty- five 
(45) days after the close of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, and at such other intervals as Lender may 
request from time to time, the balance sheets, income statements, and statements of cash flow of Borrower 
prepared by Borrower’s independent accountants, which, if requested by 
Lender, shall be on a 
consolidating and consolidated basis and/or audited by certified public accountants satisfactory to 
Lender, together with an unqualified opinion by such certified public accountants regarding such 
statements 
 
6. 
Miscellaneous. 
 
6.1 
Successors and Assigns. This Note is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit 
of Borrower and Lender and their respective legal representatives, assigns and successors; provided, 
that Borrower shall have no right to assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of Lender and McDonald’s; and provided further, that Lender may sell, assign, transfer, or grant 
participations, in whole or in part, in this Note without the prior written consent of Borrower (provided, 
however, that such sale, assign, transfer, or grant of 
participation has previously been approved by 
McDonald’s), and Borrower agrees that any such purchaser, assignee, transferee, or grantee shall be 
entitled to all rights, remedies and benefits of Lender in, to, and under this Note, and such purchaser, 
assignee, transferee, or grantee shall be and become the “Lender” hereunder for all purposes of this Note. 
 
6.2 
Notice. Any notice required to be given under this Note shall be in writing 
