Annex I-3 
 
 
7. 
SECURITY; SET-OFF. The Guarantor grants to the Lender, as security for the full and 
punctual payment and performance of the Guarantor’s obligations hereunder, a continuing lien on and 
security interest in all securities or other property belonging to the Guarantor now or hereafter held 
by the Lender and in all sums credited by or due from the Lender to the Guarantor or subject to 
withdrawal by the Guarantor; and regardless of the adequacy of any collateral or other means of obtaining 
repayment of the Obligations, the Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, without 
notice to the Guarantor (any such notice being expressly waived by the Guarantor) and to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, to set off and apply such sums against the obligations of the Guarantor under this 
Guaranty, whether or not the Lender shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although such 
obligations may be contingent or unmatured. 
 
8. 
FURTHER ASSURANCES. The Guarantor agrees that it will, from time to time at the 
request of the Lender, provide to the Lender (a) if other than an individual, (i) copies of the Guarantor’s 
most recent balance sheets and related statements of income and changes in financial condition (prepared 
on a consolidated basis with the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, if any), 
(ii) copies of the Guarantor’s federal, state and local tax returns, and (iii) a certificate of good standing 
issued by the governmental authorities of the relevant jurisdiction of formation, (b) if an individual, (i) the 
Guarantor’s personal financial statement, by March 1st of each year, in form and substance satisfactory 
to the Lender, and (ii) copies of the Guarantor’s personal federal, state and local tax returns (including 
Schedule K-1s, if applicable, and all other schedules) within fifteen days of filing unless otherwise 
advised by Lender, and no later than March 1st of each year and (c) such other information relating to 
the business and affairs of the Guarantor as the Lender may reasonably request. The Guarantor also 
agrees, upon demand after any change in the condition or affairs (financial or otherwise) of the 
Guarantor deemed by the Lender to be adverse and material, to secure the payment and performance 
of its obligations hereunder by delivering, assigning or transferring to the Lender or granting the Lender 
a security interest in additional collateral of a value and character satisfactory to the Lender, and 
authorizes the Lender to file any financing statement deemed by the Lender to be necessary or 
desirable to perfect any security interest granted by the Guarantor to the Lender, and as agent for the 
Guarantor, to sign the name of the guarantor thereto. The Guarantor also agrees to do all such things 
and execute all such documents, including financing statements, as the Lender may consider necessary 
or desirable to give full effect to this Guaranty and to perfect and preserve the rights and powers of the 
Lender hereunder. 
 
9. 
TERMINATION; REINSTATEMENT. This Guaranty shall terminate upon satisfaction 
in full of all Obligations. This Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, notwithstanding 
any such notice, if at any time any payment made or value received with respect to an Obligation is 
rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization 
of the Customer, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made or value received. 
