 
-29- 
 
Item 12 
Territory 
 
McDonald’s franchises contain a limited grant of authority to use the McDonald’s System in the 
operation of the specific restaurant developed by McDonald’s at that address.  The Franchise Agreement does not 
contain any exclusive grant, exclusive area, exclusive territorial rights, protected territory, or any right to exclude, 
control, or impose conditions on the location or development of future McDonald’s restaurants at any time.  You 
will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we 
own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  The sales and customer trading 
patterns which a restaurant experiences at any particular time are subject to change by reason of many factors, 
including our ongoing development of the marketing network of McDonald’s restaurant locations, and do not 
represent any continuing franchisee entitlement or expectation.  McDonald’s may establish other franchisee or 
McOpCo company-owned outlets that may alter customer trading patterns and affect the sales of, and compete 
with, your location.  McDonald’s reserves the right to use the Marks (as described in Item 13) in any other 
channel of distribution.  For example, McCafe packaged coffee is being sold in supermarkets and other retail 
outlets and via e-commerce.  McDonald’s reserves the right to sell other similar goods and services under the 
Marks or under different trademarks and service marks.  Internal policies which McDonald’s may apply and 
modify periodically in connection with decisions to develop new restaurants are not part of the Franchise 
Agreement and do not involve any contract right granted to you. 
 
Item 13 
Trademarks 
 
We grant you the right to use many commercially valuable trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, 
and other commercial symbols (collectively “Marks”) that are material to the operation of your restaurant. 
 
The following Marks have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the 
Principal Register.  All required affidavits of use and applications for renewal have been filed and accepted.  
Those Marks which have been registered for more than 6 years have become incontestable. 
 
We believe the following Marks are the principal marks you will use to identify your restaurant. 
 
 
Trade/Service Mark 
 
Reg. No. 
 
 
Reg. Date 
 
Int. 
Class 
 
THE GOLDEN ARCHES LOGO 
 
  893,440 
 
06/23/70 
 
43 
 
McDONALD’S (Name) 
 
  743,572 
 
01/08/63 
 
43 
 
McDONALD’S and GOLDEN ARCHES LOGO (Sign Design) 
1,287,408 
07/24/84 
43 
 
The grant of rights under the McDonald’s System includes the non-exclusive right to use all the Marks in 
connection with the operation of your restaurant. 
 
We do not own the Marks.  We are licensed by our affiliate, Restaurant Brands, LLC, to use and license 
the use of the Marks in the U.S. in connection with McDonald’s restaurants.  This license lasts for 20 years from 
the effective date of that license, with automatic renewals, and may be terminated only by agreement, if we 
become the subject of any insolvency proceedings or if we fail to use the Marks as prescribed by Restaurant 
Brands.  Periodically, additional Marks may be adopted and/or registered that are considered important to our 
business, and we may incorporate some but not all of them into the McDonald’s System. 
 
There currently are no decisions of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Trademark Trial and 
Appeal Board, or the trademark administrator of any state or any court which affect your right to use the Marks.  
There is currently no pending infringement, opposition, or cancellation proceeding nor any material litigation 
