 
-19- 
obligations.  Other food preparation and equipment requirements and standards are provided to you in our 
Operations and Training Manual and through other publications provided to our franchisees. 
 
In order for a supplier to be accepted by McDonald’s as an approved source of supply, a request for 
acceptance must be forwarded to our Supply Chain Management Department and other appropriate departments 
for consideration.  The designated Supply Chain Management professional applies the following general criteria 
in considering whether the supplier will be designated as an approved source of supply: 
 
(1) 
Ability to consistently make the manufactured product to McDonald’s standards, requirements, 
and/or specifications. 
 
(2) 
Agreement to protect McDonald’s confidential information and the secrets behind the uniqueness 
of McDonald’s products from dissemination to others, through production of private brand name products for 
McDonald’s. 
 
(3) 
Production, delivery, and service capability, be it local or national, to meet supply and service 
commitments as well as to insure safe food as specified by McDonald’s. 
 
(4) 
Integrity of ownership (to assure that its association with McDonald’s would not bring ill will 
upon McDonald’s or be inconsistent with McDonald’s image). 
 
(5) 
Financially sound condition. 
 
(6) 
Compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and McDonald’s Code of Conduct for 
Suppliers. 
 
McDonald’s may elect not to accept a supplier as an approved supplier if McDonald’s determines, in its 
sole judgment, that there are a sufficient number of approved suppliers at that time for the McDonald’s System.  
There may be instances in which alternative suppliers cannot be approved because the nature of the product or 
service requires use of one, or a limited number of, suppliers in order to realize efficiencies or protect the interests 
of the McDonald’s System overall. 
 
Approved suppliers must maintain standards in accordance with our written specifications and 
requirements.  On a routine and continuing basis, McDonald’s may visit and inspect the operations of approved 
suppliers and consult with them to ensure compliance with our standards, requirements, and specifications, as 
well as to assure compliance with federal, state, and local laws and McDonald’s Code of Conduct for Suppliers.  
Termination of a supplier as an approved source of supply may occur by written notice to or personal meeting 
with the supplier.  We advise our franchisees as soon as possible when a supplier is disapproved. 
 
Insurance sources are approved upon submission of a policy meeting our specifications.  Coverage must 
be at least as comprehensive as the minimum requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and in some cases may be 
higher if required by local law, landlords, property owners, or other third parties.  The Franchise Agreement 
provides that all insurance be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business in the state in 
which the restaurant premises are located, having both a financial size category equal to or greater than IX and a 
rating of “A+” or “A” as determined by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc. 
 
Except as noted below, neither we nor our affiliates derive revenue from your purchase or lease of 
property, goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, or computer hardware and software from 
approved sources of supply.  We have no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.  We do not provide any 
material benefits to a franchisee based on your use of approved sources of supply. 
 
Under the franchise you are required to lease the restaurant premises from us, under an Operator’s Lease 
that is incorporated into the Franchise Agreement.  Under the Operator’s Lease, you are required to pay rent to 
McDonald’s, along with the related occupancy costs, which include property taxes, insurance, maintenance, and 
structural repairs.  McDonald’s derives revenue from this leasing arrangement, as detailed in Item 6. 
 
