 
-1- 
Item 1 
The Franchisor and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates 
 
The Franchisor is McDonald’s USA, LLC, which will be referred to in this disclosure document as 
“McDonald’s”, “we”, “us” or “our”.  A person who buys a franchise from McDonald’s will be referred to in this 
disclosure document as “you”. 
 
We are a Delaware limited liability company.  Our principal place of business is 110 N. Carpenter Street, 
Chicago, Illinois, 60607.  We currently do business under the name of McDonald’s USA, LLC.  Our agents for 
service of process are disclosed in Exhibit O.  We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of our parent and predecessor, 
McDonald’s Corporation, a Delaware corporation.  Our predecessor’s principal place of business is 110 N. 
Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois, 60607.  Our predecessor currently does not offer franchises.  Neither we nor 
our predecessor have ever offered franchises in any other line of business. 
 
We have domestic affiliates and international affiliates.  Some of our international affiliates offer 
McDonald’s franchises outside of the United States.  None of them have offered franchises in any other line of 
business.  These international affiliates are disclosed in Exhibit Q. 
 
We develop, operate, franchise, and service a system of restaurants that prepare, assemble, package, and 
sell a limited menu of value-priced foods under the McDonald’s System in the U.S.  The “McDonald’s System” is 
a concept of restaurant operations that includes, among other things, certain rights in trademarks, manuals, and 
other confidential business information; operational, real estate, and marketing information; and the expertise and 
continuing information that we provide.  All McDonald’s restaurant businesses in the U.S. are operated under 
franchise agreements and are owned by franchisees who are independent third parties or by our wholly-owned 
subsidiaries (“McOpCo companies”).  Currently, about 95% of all U.S. restaurants are franchised to independent 
franchisees and about 5% are franchised to McOpCo companies. 
 
McDonald’s restaurants offer the public a high standard of quality and uniformity in food, service, and 
decor.  McDonald’s restaurants are located in freestanding buildings, storefronts, food courts, and other locations 
that are appropriate to McDonald’s image.  A grant of a McDonald’s franchise authorizes you to operate a 
McDonald’s restaurant business at a specific location and to use the McDonald’s System in the operation of that 
restaurant business for a specific period of time, usually 20 years.  We also grant franchises for McDonald’s 
restaurant businesses located in retail stores such as Walmart.  We call these satellite (“Satellite”) locations.  
McDonald’s restaurants located in strip centers, airports, universities, shopping malls, hospitals, and other diverse 
locations may also be Satellites.  Satellites may serve a scaled-down menu of a traditional McDonald’s restaurant 
and, in some cases, will also serve non-McDonald’s trademarked products.  The term of the franchise for a 
Satellite depends on its location. 
 
Some McDonald’s restaurants that are located in fuel station/convenience store facilities are called small 
town oil (“STO”) locations.  STOs are full-menu restaurants that share building space with a convenience store 
and have a fuel station located outside of the building.  At each STO, the fuel station/convenience store typically 
will be associated with a national or regional branded chain.  Some McDonald’s restaurants that anchor a small 
retail center in rural communities are called small town retail (“STR”) locations.  STOs and STRs are not 
Satellites.  The term of the franchise for STOs and STRs is usually 10 years. 
 
In certain limited cases, we may also grant franchises with leases that include the business facilities.  We 
call these Business Facilities Lease (“BFL”) franchises.  A BFL is a special arrangement that we may offer when 
certain economic and other factors exist.  The term of a BFL is usually 3 years.  Under a BFL, you may have a 
conditional option to purchase certain restaurant assets after the first year and extend the franchise for up to 
20 years after the beginning of the term.  In this disclosure document, the word “restaurant” refers to each 
McDonald’s restaurant business location generally, regardless of whether it is franchised as a traditional 
restaurant, Satellite, STO, STR, or BFL (unless otherwise provided). 
 
All franchisees who operate a restaurant, whether a traditional, Satellite, STO, STR, or BFL location, will 
sign the applicable form of our standard franchise agreement attached as Exhibits B, C, and D (collectively 
“Franchise Agreement”). 
