 
9 
wholly owned and controlled by Franchisee.  The corporate name of the corporation shall not include any of the 
names or trademarks granted by this Franchise.  Any subsequent assignment or transfer, either voluntarily or by 
operation of law, of all or any part of said shares shall be made in compliance with the terms and conditions set 
forth in paragraphs 15(a) and 15(d) herein. 
(c) 
First Option to Purchase.  Franchisee or Franchisee’s representative shall, at least twenty 
(20) days prior to the proposed effective date, give McDonald’s written notice of intent to sell or otherwise transfer 
this Franchise pursuant to paragraph 15(d).  The notice shall set forth the name and address of the proposed 
purchaser and all the terms and conditions of any offer.  McDonald’s shall have the first option to purchase the 
Restaurant by giving written notice to Franchisee of its intention to purchase on the same terms as the offer within 
ten (10) days following McDonald’s receipt of such notice.  However, if McDonald’s fails to exercise its option 
and the Restaurant is not subsequently sold to the proposed purchaser for any reason, McDonald’s shall continue to 
have, upon the same conditions, a first option to purchase the Restaurant upon the terms and conditions of any 
subsequent offer. 
(d) 
Other Assignment.  In addition to any assignments or contingent assignments contemplated 
by the terms of paragraphs 15(a) and 15(b), Franchisee shall not sell, transfer, or assign this Franchise to any person 
or persons without McDonald’s prior written consent.  Such consent shall not be arbitrarily withheld. 
In determining whether to grant or to withhold such consent, McDonald’s shall consider of 
each prospective transferee, by way of illustration, the following:  (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial 
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the Restaurant, 
(v) residence in the locality of the Restaurant, (vi) equity interest in the Restaurant, (vii) conflicting interests, and 
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall then apply in the case of an application for a new 
franchise to operate a McDonald’s restaurant.  McDonald’s consent shall also be conditioned each upon such 
transferee’s execution of an agreement by which transferee personally assumes full and unconditional liability for 
and agrees to perform from the date of such transfer all obligations, covenants, and agreements contained in this 
Franchise to the same extent as if transferee had been an original party to this Franchise.  Franchisee and each 
transferor shall continue to remain personally liable for all affirmative obligations, covenants, and agreements 
contained herein for the full term of this Franchise or for such shorter period as McDonald’s may, in its sole 
discretion, determine.  Upon each assignment or other transfer of this Franchise to any person or persons under the 
terms and conditions of this paragraph 15(d), the percentage royalty charge owing to McDonald’s after the date of 
such assignment or transfer shall be automatically adjusted to the then prevailing percentage royalty charge required 
under new Franchises issued by McDonald’s for similar McDonald’s restaurants at the time of such assignment or 
transfer. 
16. 
Franchisee Not an Agent of McDonald’s.  Franchisee shall have no authority, express or implied, 
to act as agent of McDonald’s or any of its affiliates for any purpose.  Franchisee is, and shall remain, an independent 
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the Restaurant and its 
business, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures, or real property connected therewith, and for all 
