Annex I-5 
 
 
15. 
AGENCY. The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that all of the rights and remedies 
which may be exercised by the Lender under this Guaranty, and all demands and notices which may 
be given by the Lender under this Guaranty, may be exercised and/or given (as the case may be) by an 
agent appointed by the Lender for such purposes and identified to the Guarantor in writing by the Lender 
from time to time. 
 
16. 
NOTICE. All notices and other communications shall have been duly given and shall be 
effective (i) when delivered, (ii) when transmitted via telecopy (or other facsimile device) to the 
number set forth below, (iii) on the day following the day on which the same has been delivered prepaid 
to a reputable national overnight air courier service, or (iv) on the third business day following the day 
on which the same is sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, in each case to the respective 
parties at the address set forth below, or at such other address as such party may specify by written 
notice to the other party hereto. No notice of change of address shall be effective except upon actual 
receipt. This Section shall not be construed in any way to affect or impair any waiver of notice or 
demand provided in any other document or to require giving of notice or demand to or upon any person 
in any other situation or for any reason. 
 
To the Guarantor: 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Attn:    
 Telephone:    
 Telecopy:     
 
 
To the Lender: 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.  
 
100 Federal Street,  
 
Boston, MA 02110 
 
Mail Code MA5-100-09-04 
 
 Attn: Dan Robson, 
Telephone:  617.434.4993 
Facsimile:   617.310.2817 
 
Personal delivery to a party or to any officer, partner, agent or employee of such party at its address 
herein shall constitute receipt. Rejection or other refusal to accept or inability to deliver because of changed 
address of which no notice has been received shall also constitute receipt. 
 
17. 
ELECTRONIC EXECUTION; COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty, any related document 
and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of 
an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures.  The Guarantor and the Lender agree 
that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such 
entity to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by 
Electronic Signature will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity enforceable against 
such entity in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original 
signature was delivered.   Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or 
convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same 
Communication.  For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without 
limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into 
electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted 
into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Lender and the Guarantor may, at its 
option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record 
(“Electronic Copy”), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such entity’s business, and 
destroy the original paper document.  All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including 
an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, 
