 
1 
[CITY, STATE] 
[Address] 
L/C:  __________ 
File #:  __________ 
LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM – OIL 
(Oil Partner as Head Landlord and McDonald’s Corporation is tenant 
under a Ground Lease and Operating Agreement with an oil partner) 
 
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES:  Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or 
a portion of the Premises through an internal lease(s) with McDonald’s Corporation and/or its 
affiliated companies (McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated companies are hereafter referred 
to as “McDonald’s”) (“McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation”) as may be amended from time 
to time.  The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation does not increase Tenant’s obligations 
under this Lease.  The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation requires Landlord to meet all of 
the obligations of the tenant under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05.  The Head Lease 
provides for the joint operation of a fuel facility, McDonald’s Restaurant and convenience store, and 
if provided for in the Head Lease, the operation of a car wash, at the property as defined in the Head 
Lease. 
 
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE:  Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and 
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease 
and any subsequent amendments to it.  If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease, 
McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation and the Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of 
the Head Lease will prevail.  Tenant will not, in its use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or 
permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do, anything which would give rise to any right of the 
landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”) to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of 
Landlord and/or McDonald’s.  Tenant will perform, comply with and discharge all obligations which 
Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head Lease, including but not limited 
to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses set forth in Article 3.01 of this Lease.  Such 
payments shall not, however, include payment of Landlord’s monthly basic rental obligations under 
the Head Lease. 
 
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES:  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements, 
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or 
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Landlord or the Head Landlord under 
the terms of the Head Lease.  All certificates or policies of insurance so required will, in addition to 
Landlord, also name the Head Landlord and McDonald’s as co-insureds or additional insureds, as 
the case may be. 
 
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE:  It is acknowledged that the 
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the 
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and 
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by 
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other 
obligations set forth in the Head Lease.  If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good 
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord 
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for 
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce its rights under the Head 
Lease.  With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event of 
damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon 
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and 
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and 
