 
14 
ARTICLE 8  MISCELLANEOUS 
 
8.01 No Agency Created:  Tenant will have no authority, express or implied, to act as agent 
of Landlord or any of its affiliates for any purpose.  Tenant is, and will remain, an independent 
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the 
Premises, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures or real property connected with 
them and for all claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on 
injury, illness or death of any person or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation 
of the McDonald’s Restaurant located on the Premises. 
 
8.02 Recording of Lease:  Tenant will not record this Lease without the written consent of 
Landlord.  However, upon the request of either party, the other party will join the execution of a 
memorandum or a so-called “short-form” of this Lease for the purpose of recordation.  The 
memorandum or short form of this Lease will describe the parties, the Premises and the term of 
this Lease and will incorporate this Lease by reference.  The party requesting execution of the 
memorandum will bear all costs for recording it. 
 
8.03 Force Majeure:  Whenever a period of time is provided in this Lease for either party to 
do or perform any act or thing, except the payment of monies, neither party will be liable for any 
delays due to strikes, lockouts, casualties, acts of God, war, governmental regulation or control 
or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the parties, and in any event the time period for 
the performance of an obligation in this Lease will be extended for the amount of time of the delay.  
This Article will not apply to, or result in, an extension of the term of this Lease. 
 
8.04 Paragraph Headings:  Headings in this Lease are for convenience only and are not to 
be construed as part of this Lease and will not be construed as defining or limiting in any way the 
scope or intent of the provisions of this Lease. 
 
8.05 Invalidity of a Provision:  If any term or provision of this Lease will to any extent be 
held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions of this Lease will not be 
affected, but each term and provision of this Lease will be valid and be enforced to the fullest 
extent permitted by law.  If any material term of this Lease is stricken or declared invalid, Landlord 
reserves the right to terminate this Lease at its sole option. 
 
8.06 Law Governing:  The terms and provisions of this Lease will be governed by the laws 
of the State of Illinois. 
 
8.07 Entire Agreement:  This Lease and the Franchise Agreement will be deemed to include 
the entire agreement between the parties, and it is agreed that neither Landlord nor anyone acting 
in its behalf has made any statement, promise or agreement or taken upon itself any engagement 
whatever, verbally or in writing, in conflict with the terms of this Lease, or that in any way modifies, 
varies, alters, enlarges, or invalidates any of its provisions, or extends the term of this Lease, and 
that no obligations of Landlord will be implied in addition to the obligations expressed in this Lease.  
This agreement cannot be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by Landlord 
and Tenant.  Nothing in this Lease or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim 
the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Tenant. 
 
8.08 Parties Bound:  The terms of this Lease will extend to and be binding upon the 
administrators, executors, heirs, assigns and successors of the parties, subject to the terms of 
Article 4.06. 
 
