 
-5- 
sets of plaintiffs filed amended complaints on December 16, 2022.  On March 31, 2023, we and our predecessor 
moved to dismiss the second amended complaint.  On June 12, 2023, the court ordered a complaint filed by 
another former franchisee, Mitch McPherson, that raised similar claims, to be transferred and identified as a 
related complaint (the “McPherson Complaint”).  On June 5, 2023, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss the 
McPherson Complaint.  We intend to defend our interests vigorously in this case.  
 
Kytch, Inc. v. McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:22-cv-00279).  On March 1, 2022, plaintiff filed a complaint 
against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, District of Delaware.  The complaint alleges that our 
predecessor engaged in false advertising, trade libel and deceptive trade practices by warning franchisees of safety 
concerns associated with a device designed to diagnose and repair ice cream machines that was developed by 
plaintiff.  The complaint also alleges that our predecessor tortiously interfered with plaintiff’s nondisclosure 
agreements by inducing franchisees to disclose certain information that plaintiff alleges was confidential.  
Plaintiff seeks injunctive relief, monetary damages, punitive damages, costs and attorneys’ fees.  On April 22, 
2022, our predecessor moved to dismiss the complaint, which the court granted with respect to one of plaintiff’s 
claims, but denied with respect to the others, on March 29, 2023.  On April 24, 2023, the parties agreed to transfer 
the case to the U.S. District Court, Northern District of California.  Our predecessor intends to defend its interests 
vigorously in this case. 
 
George R. Michell, et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation, McDonald’s USA, LLC, et al. (Case No. 1:24-cv-03442). 
On May 9, 2024, plaintiff, a franchisee, filed a complaint against our predecessor, three of our officers, and us in 
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.  Plaintiff alleges that we targeted plaintiff to 
force him out of the McDonald’s System because he is Hispanic, and that our actions violated the Connecticut 
Franchise Act, breached his franchise agreements, tortiously interfered with his relationship at an airport, and 
constitute discrimination and retaliation under federal antidiscrimination statutes.  Plaintiff also alleges that we 
fraudulently induced him to reinvest in the restaurants he operated. On July 25, 2024, plaintiff moved for a 
preliminary injunction to prevent us from refranchising a restaurant to a new franchisee when the franchise term 
expires in January 2025.  The court held an evidentiary hearing on September 25, 2024.  The court dismissed 
plaintiff’s motion as moot on January 21, 2025 after Plaintiff entered into a contract to sell the restaurant in 
dispute. On October 10, 2024, we, our predecessor, and our officers moved to dismiss the complaint in part and 
answered the remainder of the complaint. On the same day, we and our predecessor filed a counterclaim seeking a 
declaratory judgment that plaintiff is in breach of all his franchise agreements and that we have the right to 
terminate them. On November 1, 2024, Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint that added a claim under the 
Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act.  On December 6, 2024, we, our predecessor and our officers moved to 
dismiss the Amended Complaint.  On September 22, 2025, the court partially dismissed the Amended Complaint 
and gave Plaintiff leave to amend certain counts.  We, our predecessor, and our officers intend to defend our 
interests vigorously in this case. 
 
Tammy Williams v. McDonald’s USA, LLC (Case No. 1:24-cv-11275). On October 31, 2024, plaintiff filed a 
complaint against us in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, on behalf of herself and a purported 
class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who were exposed to E. coli as a result of purchasing Quarter Pounder 
sandwiches from McDonald’s.  The plaintiff alleges that she purchased a Quarter Pounder sandwich from a 
McDonald’s restaurant and became ill from exposure to E. coli as a result of eating that sandwich.  Plaintiff also 
alleges that McDonald’s misrepresented the safety of the sandwiches, failed to warn customers of the dangers of 
E. coli, and that McDonald’s safety practices were inadequate.  Plaintiff claims that McDonald’s conduct violates 
the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Act, and constitutes negligence and unjust 
enrichment.  Plaintiff seeks certification of a nationwide class, restitution, compensatory and punitive damages 
and attorneys’ fees and costs.  On September 26, 2025, we moved to dismiss the complaint.  We intend to defend 
our interests vigorously in this case. 
 
Peter Le, et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation (Case No 1:2-cv-15609).  On December 23, 2025, plaintiffs filed a 
complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, on behalf of themselves 
and a purported class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who purchased McRib sandwiches.  Plaintiffs allege 
that our predecessor deceptively marketed the McRib sandwich by, among other things, using the term “Rib” in 
the name of the sandwich and shaping the patty to look like ribs.  Plaintiffs bring claims for fraudulent omission 
or concealment, fraudulent misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, fraud, breach of warranties, breach of 
contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, and violations of the California 
