 
 
6 
 
loss statement and the balance sheet shall, if McDonald’s shall request certification, be certified by a certified public 
accountant.  Franchisee shall at Franchisee’s expense cause Franchisee’s public accountant and certified public 
accountant, if any, to consult with McDonald’s concerning such statement and balance sheet.  The original of each 
such report required by this paragraph 10 shall be mailed to McDonald’s at the address indicated in paragraph 22 
herein. 
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect and/or audit Franchisee’s accounts, books, records, and 
tax returns at all reasonable times to ensure that Franchisee is complying with the terms of this Franchise.  If such 
inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Gross Sales by an 
amount equal to two percent (2%) or more of Gross Sales originally reported to McDonald’s, Franchisee shall bear 
the cost of such inspection and audit. 
11. 
Restrictions.  Franchisee agrees and covenants as follows: 
(a) 
During the term of this Franchise, Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent 
of McDonald’s, directly or indirectly, engage in, acquire any financial or beneficial interest (including interests in 
corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures) in, or become a landlord for any 
restaurant business, which is similar to the Restaurant. 
(b) 
Franchisee shall not, for a period of eighteen (18) months after termination of this Franchise 
for any reason or the sale of the Restaurant, directly or indirectly, engage in or acquire any financial or beneficial 
interest (including any interest in corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures) 
in, or become a landlord of any restaurant business which is similar to the Restaurant within a ten-mile radius of 
the Restaurant. 
(c) 
Franchisee shall not appropriate, use, or duplicate the McDonald’s System, or any portion 
thereof, for use at any other self-service, carry-out, or other similar restaurant business. 
(d) 
Franchisee shall not disclose or reveal any portion of the McDonald’s System to a 
non-franchisee other than to Franchisee’s Restaurant employees as an incident of their training. 
(e) 
Franchisee shall acquire no right to use, or to license the use of, any name, mark, or other 
intellectual property right granted or to be granted herein, except in connection with the operation of the Restaurant. 
The restrictions contained in paragraphs 11(a) and 11(b) herein shall not apply to ownership of less 
than two percent (2%) of the shares of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional 
securities exchange. 
12. 
Compliance With Entire System.  Franchisee acknowledges that every component of the 
McDonald’s System is important to McDonald’s and to the operation of the Restaurant as a McDonald’s restaurant, 
including a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation methods, 
quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service. 
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect the Restaurant at all reasonable times to ensure that 
Franchisee’s operation thereof is in compliance with the standards and policies of the McDonald’s System. 
