 
4 
whether orally or in writing, concerning the Restaurant or the Franchise, including without limitation the 
value, condition, use, profitability, or future performance of the Restaurant or the Franchise, and Assignee 
expressly disclaims any such representation, warranty, guarantee, promise or assurance (including 
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose).  Accordingly, and for the avoidance of doubt, 
Assignee hereby covenants not to sue McDonald’s for fraudulent inducement or to bring any other claim 
or cause of action based in fraud, tort, equity, contract or otherwise against McDonald’s relating to any 
alleged misrepresentations or omissions Assignee later may claim McDonald’s made about the Restaurant 
or Franchise in connection with the sales process or the Agreement. 
 
25. 
All terms and conditions of the Franchise remain in full force and effect except as 
expressly modified by this Assignment. 
 
26. 
McDonald’s and Assignee each acknowledge and warrant to each other that they wish to 
have all terms of their business relationship defined in the Franchise and this Assignment.  Neither 
McDonald’s nor Assignee wishes to enter into a business relationship with the other in which any terms 
or obligations are the subject of alleged oral statements or in which oral statements serve as the basis for 
creating rights or obligations different from or supplementary to the rights and obligations in the 
Franchise or this Assignment.  McDonald’s, Assignor, and Assignee agree that the Franchise and this 
Assignment supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous discussions or writings (whether 
described as representations, inducements, promises, agreements, understandings, or any other term), 
between McDonald’s or anyone acting on its behalf, Assignor or anyone acting on Assignor’s behalf, and 
Assignee or anyone acting on Assignee’s behalf, with respect to the Restaurant or the relationship 
between the parties.  McDonald’s, Assignor, and Assignee each agree that they have placed, and will 
place, no reliance on any such discussions or writings.  The Franchise and this Assignment constitute the 
entire agreement between the parties and contain all of the terms, conditions, rights, and obligations of the 
parties with respect to the Restaurant and the Franchise.  No future franchise or offer of franchises for 
additional McDonald’s restaurants has been promised to Assignee and no such franchise or franchise 
offer will come into existence, except by means of a separate writing, executed by an officer or 
franchising director of McDonald’s and specifically identified as a franchise agreement.  No change, 
modification, amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of the Franchise or this Assignment will be 
effective and binding upon McDonald’s unless it is in writing, specifically identified as an amendment to 
this Assignment, and signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s. 
 
27. 
The laws of the State of Illinois shall govern this Assignment, regardless of the laws that 
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law. 
 
28. 
The parties will execute and deliver any other documents required by McDonald’s which 
are reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes of this Assignment. 
 
29. 
The invalidity of any provision of this Assignment shall not impair the validity of any other 
provision.  If any provision of this Assignment is determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed severable and the remaining provisions of this Assignment 
shall be enforced. 
 
30. 
In the event that McDonald’s initiates any legal proceeding to construe or enforce the 
terms, conditions and provisions of this Assignment (including without limitation, Section 21 herein), or to 
obtain damages or other relief to which it may be entitled by virtue of this Assignment, McDonald’s shall 
be entitled to payment from Assignee and Assignor, jointly and severally, of its reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and all other costs of enforcement and/or collection. 
 
31. 
This Assignment may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be 
considered one and the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have 
been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood that 
all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart.  Executed signature pages delivered by facsimile or 
electronically will be treated in all respects as original signatures. 
