4 
 
 
eligible for the extension,  Franchisee shall (a) promptly (and in any event within five (5) days) notify 
Taco Bell in writing of the nature and extent of the circumstances of the Force Majeure Event, which 
notice shall contain a reasonably detailed description of the Force Majeure Event and the impact, 
issues and/or destruction that such event has caused, and (b) use commercially reasonable efforts 
to establish and implement a plan that minimizes the disruption of such Force Majeure Event to 
Franchisee,  remedies the situation, and removes the cause of Franchisee’s inability to perform as 
soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.  The foregoing shall not limit any other 
remedy available to Taco Bell relating to a breach by Franchisee of this Agreement or the Franchise 
Agreements. Franchisee shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the removal of the cause of any Force Majeure Event. 
 
9. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH CONDITIONS. 
 
If Franchisee fails to: 
 
i)  meet Taco Bell’s financial and operational criteria for development in accordance with Taco Bell’s 
then-current policies, procedures and standards; or 
 
ii)  remain in good standing as a Taco Bell franchisee, as determined by Taco Bell in accordance with 
its then-current policies, procedures and standards; or 
 
iii)  make any payment due under Section 8 of this Agreement and cure such breach within ten (10) 
days of written demand from Taco Bell, 
 
then Taco Bell shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and Franchisee shall be required to pay 
to Taco Bell within five (5) days of written demand all amounts that would be due under Section 8 of 
this Agreement at or prior to the Expiration Date, or such later date as may be specified in Section 
8.B.   
  
10.  DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
 
This Agreement; all relations between the parties; and any and all disputes between Franchisee and 
Taco Bell, whether such dispute sounds in law, equity or otherwise, is to be exclusively construed in 
accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of New York without recourse 
to New York (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any provision of 
this Agreement is not enforceable under the laws of New York, and if Franchisee’s franchised business 
is located outside of New York and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in 
which the franchised business is located, then that provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted 
and construed under the laws of that state.  This Section is not intended to invoke, and shall not be 
deemed to invoke, the application of any franchise, business opportunity or similar law of the State of 
New York which would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within 
designation of governing law. 
 
With respect to any court proceeding between Franchisee and Taco Bell concerning the enforcement, 
construction or alleged breach or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee hereby submits to the 
personal jurisdiction and venue of the federal and California state courts located in Orange County, 
California, for all such matters, and promises not to commence against Taco Bell any court proceeding 
concerning such matters in any other courts. 
 
11.   MISCELLANEOUS. 
 
A. 
None of Franchisee’s rights or obligations herein are assignable. 
 
B. 
The parties shall keep all of the terms of this Agreement strictly confidential, so long as this 
 
Agreement is in effect. 
 
