 
 
-11- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
prevailing party’s reasonable costs and attorneys fees relating to such arbitration.  If for any reason this arbitration 
clause becomes inapplicable, each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts located in County of Jefferson, Commonwealth of Kentucky and hereby expressly waives any defenses of 
venue and forum non-conveniens for the courts located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky in any action arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement, and waive any other venue to which either party might be entitled by domicile 
or otherwise.  EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY 
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO 
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  The procedures specified in 
this Section 9.19 shall be the sole and exclusive procedures for the resolution of all controversies, claims or 
disputes under this Agreement.  If any action or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement 
or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in connection with any provision of this 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees and 
other costs incurred in such action or proceeding in addition to any other relief to which they may be entitled. 
 
9.20 
YRSG shall not be liable for any delays in performance of its services hereunder for causes beyond its reasonable 
control, including, but not limited to, acts of war or terrorism, power failures, fire, flood, adverse weather 
conditions, epidemic, strike, acts of Client or restriction by civil or military authority in their sovereign or 
contractual capacities.  In the event of any such delay, performance shall be extended for so long as such period 
of delay. 
 
9.21 
Client shall assume all risks with respect to the loss by casualty of Client's equipment or the Premises and/or 
Project and shall properly insure against such risks to the full replacement value of the equipment, improvements 
and/or Project, as applicable.  If YSRG is providing Construction Services hereunder, Client shall require the 
Architect, General Contractor and all Additional Service Providers to provide commercially reasonable insurance 
coverage, naming YRSG and the YRSG Parties as additional insureds on all such policies.  Client shall provide 
certificates of insurance evidencing such insurance to YRSG upon request.  
 
