 
 
agrees that Landlord shall have no obligation to verify Franchisor’s rights with respect to any 
items at any time. 
 
27. 
LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES 
 
Except as otherwise set forth in this Lease, Tenant shall not encumber or hypothecate 
its interest in the Premises, or any part thereof. Furthermore, Tenant, at its own cost and 
expense, shall at all times keep the Premises and this Lease free of and from all liens, 
encumbrances, attachments, levies, claims, charges and assessments.  Tenant shall indemnify 
Landlord, Franchisor, and their affiliates from and against any such liens or claims.  Tenant shall 
promptly pay and discharge, prior to delinquency, all fines, taxes and other charges levied or 
assessed against the Premises, this Lease, Landlord or Tenant.  This Article 27 shall expressly 
and permanently survive the termination of this Lease.  
 
28. 
LANDLORD'S EXPENSES 
 
Tenant shall pay Landlord all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, 
incurred by Landlord if Landlord is deemed to be the prevailing party in exercising any of its 
rights or remedies hereunder or enforcing any of the terms; conditions or provisions hereof. 
 
29. 
LANDLORD'S ASSIGNMENT, RIGHT TO MORTGAGE AND LEASE RECOGNITION 
 
This Lease and all rights and obligations of Landlord hereunder may be assigned, 
pledged, hypothecated, transferred, sold and leased back by Landlord (in which event this Lease 
shall automatically be deemed a sublease) or otherwise disposed of, either in whole or in part, 
by Landlord without prior written notice to Tenant.  Upon written request of the holder of any 
mortgage now or in the future covering Landlord’s interest in the Premises or the purchaser of 
Landlord’s fee interest in the Premises, Tenant agrees to subordinate its rights under this Lease 
to the lien of that mortgage and/or to otherwise attorn to and recognize the lender (in the event 
of a foreclosure) or the purchaser as the fee owner by execution of a Subordination, Non-
Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in the form as may be prescribed by such lender or 
purchaser, subject to the commercially reasonable approval of Tenant whereunder such lender 
or purchaser shall agree that, notwithstanding the foreclosure of the mortgage or the termination 
of Landlord’s rights as “tenant”, Tenant’s occupancy rights under this Lease will not be materially 
disturbed as long as Tenant is not in default under this Lease.  
 
30. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIAL 
 
30.1   Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall comply with each and every Federal, 
state, county, and municipal environmental law, ordinance, rule, regulation and requirements 
now existing or hereinafter enacted (“Environmental Laws”) applicable to Tenant’s Use and/or 
occupancy of the Premises. Tenant shall not cause or permit any “Hazardous Material” (as 
defined in Section 30.2 below) to be brought upon, kept or used in or about the Premises, without 
the prior written consent of Landlord, except minor quantities used by Tenant in the normal 
operations of Tenant’s Use.  Should Tenant elect to remodel or replace any building or structure 
located on the Premises, Tenant shall be solely responsible for any Hazardous Material 
disturbed or discovered during Tenant's construction activities and/or violations of any 
Environmental Laws. Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold Landlord, its parent and its 
affiliates harmless from and against all any and all claims, judgments, damages, penalties, fines, 
costs, clean-up and abatement costs, liabilities or Losses (including, without limitation, claims 
by third party owners, tenants or occupants of other real property affected thereby; diminution 
