 
 
 
 
 
3 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
GCTB, LLC 
Our affiliate and a wholly owned subsidiary of TBC, GCTB, LLC, manages 
the Taco Bell gift card program. 
 
We have a number of additional affiliates that offer franchises, including “Taco Bell” franchises, 
in foreign countries, and affiliates that provide certain products and services to franchisees who are located 
and do business in such foreign countries. During the ten-year period immediately preceding the date of 
this disclosure document, neither we nor TBC have offered franchises in any other line of business.  Unless 
otherwise stated, the information in this disclosure document does not concern international operations or 
licensing of Taco Bell Units. Additionally, franchise opportunities in Hawaii, if any, are offered under a 
separate franchise disclosure document. 
 
The Financing Transaction and the Management Agreement 
On May 11, 2016, our predecessor, TBC, engaged in a securitization transaction to repay, or to 
fund a deposit for the payment in full of, certain outstanding indebtedness of affiliates of TBC and to 
terminate all commitments thereunder. Taco Bell Funding, LLC arranged for an initial deposit and/or for 
the issuance of an interest reserve letter of credit to fund an initial senior notes interest reserve deposit. Any 
additional net proceeds were distributed to TBC to pay certain transaction-related expenses, or for general 
corporate purposes and may also be used to return capital to shareholders of Yum! Brands Inc. Follow-on 
securitization financings occurred in 2018 and 2021, and another follow-on securitization is currently 
planned for 2025. 
A securitization transaction involving a franchisor, such as TBC, requires that the franchisor 
restructure itself and form new entities. Thus, immediately upon the closing of the 2016 securitization 
financing, we became the new “franchisor” of the Taco Bell franchise system with respect to the franchised 
and licensed Units in the United States. Also immediately upon the closing of the securitization financing, 
our affiliate, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, had contributed to and became the owner of substantially all 
existing and thereafter acquired United States intellectual property related to the Taco Bell brand (including 
substantially all trademarks, service marks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, confidential or proprietary 
information, all social media account names or identifiers and all registrations related thereto (see Items 13-
14 of this disclosure document for detailed information regarding the Taco Bell trademarks, service marks, 
patents, copyrights and proprietary information)). Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC has granted us a license to use 
and to sublicense such Taco Bell intellectual property in connection with franchised and licensed Units.   
 
As a result of the securitization financing transaction, and pursuant to a management agreement 
between TBC, us and certain affiliates, TBC (at all times acting on our behalf) carries out all of our duties 
and obligations under Taco Bell Franchise and License Agreements governing Units situated in the United 
States. These designated duties include: discharging all of our obligations to franchisees and licensees; 
managing the Taco Bell system; marketing, offering, and negotiating new and renewal Taco Bell Franchise 
and License Agreements (in TBC’s capacity as our “franchise broker”); furnishing assistance to our 
franchisees and licensees in the United States; establishing and/or providing our quality assurance 
programs; and otherwise, on our behalf, fulfilling all duties which we owe under Taco Bell Franchise and 
License agreements governing Units in the United States. As the post- securitization manager of the Taco 
Bell network, TBC also administers the Taco Bell National Advertising Fund Administration (“NAFA”).   
 
If, at any time, TBC fails to perform its obligations to Taco Bell franchisees or licensees pursuant 
to the management agreement between TBC and us, then TBC may be replaced as manager of the Taco 
Bell franchise network.  However, as franchisor, we will always be ultimately responsible for ensuring that 
all duties and obligations owed to Taco Bell franchisees and licensees under Taco Bell Franchise and 
License Agreements, respectively, are fulfilled.  
