17 
750030713 
 
 
I. 
This Agreement, the Guaranty and the Franchise Agreements set forth the entire 
agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the matters 
contemplated hereby and supersede and replace any and all prior agreements, 
arrangements and understandings, written or oral, among the parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof.  To the extent any provision of this Agreement expressly 
modifies a provision of any Franchise Agreements, such Franchise Agreements 
shall be deemed to have been modified as set forth herein, and in the event of any 
conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any such Franchise 
Agreements, this Agreement shall govern and control to the extent of such conflict.  
Except as set forth in the prior sentence, the provisions of each Franchise 
Agreement are hereby ratified by each of Franchisee and Franchisor and shall 
continue in full force and effect. 
 
 
J. 
Each of this Agreement and the Guaranty may be executed in counterparts 
(including using any electronic signature covered by the United States ESIGN Act 
of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and 
Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), and such 
counterparts may be delivered in electronic format, including by facsimile, email 
or other transmission method. Such delivery of counterparts shall be conclusive 
evidence of the intent to be bound hereby and each such counterpart, including 
those delivered in electronic format, and copies produced therefrom shall have the 
same effect as an originally signed counterpart.  Minor variations in the form of the 
signature page, including footers from earlier versions of this Agreement and/or the 
Guaranty, shall be disregarded in determining a party’s intent or the effectiveness 
of such signature. No party shall raise the use the delivery of signatures to this 
Agreement and/or the Guaranty in electronic format as a defense to the formation 
of a contract. 
 
  
 
 
[Signature Pages Follow.] 
 
 
