 
 
 
 
 
21 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
If the restaurant is a cantina/urban in-line you shall be responsible for sourcing and securing 
any necessary liquor licenses or permits.  
 
4. 
Construction Management: YRSG (or its designee) will recommend general contractors, 
coordinate with Licensee’s consultant to prepare bid packages and conduct a pre-bid 
meeting, secure a construction contract (subject to review and approval by you and your 
attorney), coordinate with Licensee’s consultant to communicate construction start date to 
applicable parties, keep you informed of construction progress, conduct periodic site 
inspections, review with the architect change orders and payment requests, coordinate with 
the general contractor delivery and equipment installation, review with the architect punch 
list items and assist in close out activities. 
 
In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, the revenues earned by YRSG for development 
services provided to Taco Bell Franchisees were $199,250.00.  No revenues were earned by Yum! Brands’ 
Architecture and Engineering Department for development services provided to Taco Bell licensees. 
 
None of our officers or any other person identified in Item 2 directly or indirectly owns any interest 
in or controls any approved Vendor or Distributor, other than those who may own, for investment purposes 
only, up to 5% of the capital stock of an approved Vendor or Distributor that is a publicly held business 
entity whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional stock exchange or through the National 
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (“NASDAQ”) where this ownership does 
not give the person any ability to control or influence the Vendor or Distributor.  
 
 
You must use only Products that meet or exceed our specifications.  Your use of inferior or non-
specification Products, or any Products from an unapproved Distributor or Vendor, regardless of the source, 
is a very serious and material failure to perform the obligations of the License Agreement and can lead to 
the loss of your license. Where specifications have not been published, you must still take care to use only 
Products that are at least of equal quality to those used by us. Published specifications for food products are 
available upon request from our designated Quality Assurance Department and are supplied to the approved 
Vendors and Distributors as appropriate to help preserve their confidentiality. Taco Bell Global Engineering 
provides the specifications for the equipment and Taco Bell Architectural and Engineering provides 
specifications for the fixtures.  Specifications for Products are set by our designated quality assurance 
department to ease the burden of product selection by you and to ensure that quality of foodservice will be 
consistently high across all Units.  All specifications are subject to our review and modification at any time.   
 
We estimate that the required purchases and/or leases are approximately 40% to 70% of the cost to 
establish a Unit and approximately 40% of operating expenses. 
 
Approval/Disapproval of Distributors 
 
 
We have the right under the License Agreement and OneSource to approve or disapprove in 
advance any Vendor or Distributor from whom you would purchase or lease the Products. We currently 
allow you to purchase Products from any Distributor or Vendor approved by us, whether or not we purchase 
Products from that Distributor or Vendor.  We will provide you with a list of approved Vendors and 
Distributors upon request.  We reserve the right to change the approved Vendors and Distributors at any 
time and to designate ourselves, our affiliates, or a third party as an approved Vendor or Distributor or the 
exclusive approved Vendor or Distributor for any particular Product. We are prepared to consider 
applications for the approval of new Vendors and Distributors, as described below, and will notify the 
Vendor or Distributor of our approval or disapproval, in our sole discretion. 
 
 
We will approve additional Vendors and Distributors based upon several factors, including the 
effect, if any, on the Units and System, the quality of the Products offered, the total number of Vendors and 
