 
 
5
 
 
8.1  The Licensee shall complete and submit to the Company on a regular, continuous basis: 
 
(a) Weekly Restaurant Reports, on or before the fifth business day after each week in each accounting 
period; 
(b) Period Restaurant Reports, on or before the fifth business day after expiration of each accounting 
period; and 
(c) Annual Restaurant Reports, on or before 90 days following the end of each calendar year or the end of 
the Licensee's fiscal year, whichever is pertinent. 
 
8.2  The Annual Restaurant Reports referred to above shall include a balance sheet dated as of the end of the pertinent 
year and a profit and loss statement for such year, together with such additional financial information as the Company may reasonably 
request, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  Such balance sheet and profit and loss statement 
must be reviewed by an independent certified public accountant and be in accordance with Statements on Standards for Accounting and 
Review Services and must contain a signed opinion by such accountant to that effect.  If the Licensee fails to provide the Company with 
any such financial statement, the Company shall have the right to have an independent audit made of the Licensee's books and records, 
and the Licensee shall promptly reimburse the Company for the cost thereof. 
 
 
 
8.3  Each of the Reports referred to in this section shall be completed by the Licensee or the Licensee's accountant in 
the respective specimen forms, and in accordance with the instructions, contained in the Manual.  Time is of the essence with respect to 
completion and submission of each such Report.  Licensee hereby consents to the Company's release of information regarding the 
Restaurant's sales to associations of licensees, to consultants of the Company, to advertising agencies and to other parties considered 
appropriate by the Company. 
 
 
 
8.4  If the Licensee is a corporation, it shall maintain an accurate stock register.  In the event that the beneficial 
ownership of the Licensee's stock differs in any respect from record ownership, the Licensee shall also maintain a list of the names, 
addresses and interests of all beneficial owners of its stock.  The Licensee shall produce its stock register and any list of beneficial 
owners, certified by the corporation's secretary to be correct, at the Restaurant at any reasonable time and from time to time after ten 
days' prior written request by the Company.  Company representatives shall have the right to examine the stock register and any list of 
beneficial owners and to reproduce all or any part thereof.  In addition, all record and beneficial stock holders of the Licensee shall jointly 
and severally guaranty the full and faithful performance of all agreements, duties and obligations required to be performed, fulfilled or 
observed by the Licensee under this Agreement. 
 
 
 
8.5   Without limiting the generality of Subsection 9.0, below, Company representatives shall have the right at all times 
during normal business hours to confer with Restaurant employees and customers, and to inspect the Licensee's books, records and tax 
returns, or such portions thereof as pertain to the operation of the Restaurant business.  All such books, records and tax returns shall be 
kept and maintained at the Restaurant premises or such other place as may be agreed to from time to time in writing by the parties.  If 
any such inspection reveals that the Gross Sales reported in any report or statement are less than the actual Gross Sales ascertained by 
such inspection, then the Licensee shall immediately pay the Company the additional amount of fees owing by reason of the 
understatement of Gross Sales previously reported, together with interest and administrative charges as provided in Subsection 7.1.  In 
the event that any report or statement understates Gross Sales by more than two percent (2%) of the actual Gross Sales ascertained by 
the Company's inspection, the Licensee shall, in addition to making the payment provided for in the immediately preceding sentence, pay 
and reimburse the Company for any and all expenses incurred in connection with its inspection, including, but not limited to, reasonable 
accounting and legal fees.  Such payments shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies the Company may have under this 
Agreement or otherwise. 
 
SECTION 9:  RESTAURANT INSPECTION 
 
 
 
9.0  The Company shall have the right at any time and from time to time without notice to have its representatives enter 
the Restaurant premises for the purpose of inspecting the condition thereof and the operation of the Restaurant for compliance with the 
standards, specifications, requirements and instructions contained in this Agreement and in the Manual, and for any other reasonable 
purpose connected with the operation of the Restaurant. 
 
SECTION 10:  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 
 
10.0  The Licensee is not, and shall not represent or hold itself out as, an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, 
joint employer, partner, employee or servant of the Company for any purpose whatsoever and, where permitted by law to do so, shall file 
a business certificate to such effect with the proper recording authorities.  The Licensee is an independent contractor and is not authorized 
to make any contract, agreement, commitment, warranty or representation on behalf of the Company, or to create any obligation express 
or implied on behalf of the Company.  The Licensee agrees that the Company is not, and the Licensee hereby covenants not to claim 
that the Company is, in any way a ''fiduciary'' as regards the Licensee.  The Licensee shall not use the name TACO BELL or any similar 
words as part of or in association with any trade name or name of any business entity directly or indirectly associated with the Licensee. 
 
 
 
10.1  Licensee agrees that it will, at its sole cost, at all times indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company; any 
of the Company’s parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and designees; and, the officers, directors, managers, employees, 
agents, attorneys, shareholders, owners, members, designees and representatives of each of the foregoing (the Company and all others 
