G - 3 
750030713 
by Franchisee against Franchisee or any Guarantor.  Franchisor may 
exercise remedies against any Guarantor separately, whether or not 
Franchisor exercises remedies against any other Guarantor.  Franchisor may 
enforce any Guarantor’s obligations without enforcing any other 
Guarantor’s obligations or Franchisee’s obligations under this Guaranty or 
the Franchise Agreement(s), as applicable.  Any failure or inability of 
Franchisor to enforce any Guarantor’s or Franchisee’s obligations shall not 
in any way limit Franchisor’s right to enforce the respective obligations of 
any other Guarantor or Franchisee or the Guarantor’s obligations under this 
Guaranty. Guarantors waive any right to require Franchisor to (1) proceed 
against Franchisee for any performance or payment by Franchisee, (2) 
pursue or exhaust any remedy, including any legal or equitable relief, 
against Franchisee, (3) give notice of demand for performance or payment 
by Franchisee, or (4) exercise diligence in collection or protection of or 
realization upon any obligations guaranteed under this Guaranty or any 
security for or guaranty of any such obligations. 
 
 
 
4. 
This Guaranty will apply on a continuing basis to all amounts, liabilities or 
obligations from time to time outstanding or undischarged under the 
Franchise Agreement(s).  Accordingly, Guarantors will not: 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
exercise in respect of any amount payable by Guarantors to 
Franchisor hereunder any right or remedy, including, without 
limitation, subrogation; 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
claim payment or exercise any right or remedy in respect of any 
monies due to Guarantors by Franchisee; or 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
seek in any liquidation or insolvency proceeding concerning 
Franchisee any monies due to Guarantors in competition with 
Franchisor’s claims for any monies due to Franchisor. 
 
 
 
5. 
All payments by Guarantors to Franchisor pursuant to this Guaranty shall 
be in the full amounts due from Franchisee pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement(s), including any interest, free and clear of any taxes due or 
payable on such amounts and without any deduction or set-off. 
 
 
 
6. 
Each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on suretyship, or any 
other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense to its 
obligations hereunder and each Guarantor further waives any right or 
defense it may have at law or equity. 
 
 
 
7. 
Each Guarantor further agrees that if at any time all or any part of any 
payment theretofore applied by Franchisor to any of the obligations of 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement(s) is or must be rescinded or 
returned by Franchisor for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
