 
3 
 
 
under the Lease in the event (1) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall 
be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of Assignee or its parent company or 
either of their respective debts, or of a substantial part of either of their respective assets, under any Federal, 
state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, 
custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Assignee or its parent company or for a substantial 
part of either of their respective assets or (2) Assignee or its parent company shall (i) voluntarily commence 
any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state 
or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law or (ii) apply for or consent to the appointment of 
a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for itself or for a substantial part of 
either of their assets or (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.  
 
7. 
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall in all respects be deemed to be made under, 
construed in accordance with and governed by, the substantive laws of the [COMMONWEALTH OF 
KENTUCKY], without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof.   
 
8. 
Successors and Assigns; Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors in interest and assigns.  
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon any person, other than the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, claims, causes of action or 
obligations under, or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
9. 
Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts; each such counterpart, when executed by all parties, shall be deemed to constitute one and the 
same instrument and shall be deemed an original hereof.  This Agreement shall become effective when each 
party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by the other parties hereto. 
 
10. 
Integrated Transaction.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or in any 
other agreement between them, Assignor and Assignee severally and collectively intend, acknowledge and 
agree that this Agreement and the Lease, on the one hand, and the Asset Purchase Agreement and the 
Franchise Agreement(s) (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement), on the other hand (collectively, the 
“Integrated Agreements”) do and shall be deemed to constitute one single, integrated transaction and 
agreement and they shall not be severed or severable from one another or for any purpose.  The parties intend 
and agree as aforesaid notwithstanding the fact that: (i) the Integrated Agreements may be executed at 
different times by different parties; (ii) different consideration may be apportioned among the Integrated 
Agreements;  (iii) the Integrated Agreements may provide that they are assignable; and (iv)  the Integrated 
Agreements may have terms or durations of varying lengths.  Assignee acknowledges and agrees that 
Assignor would not have entered into this Agreement absent Purchasers’ execution of and performance under 
all of the Integrated Agreements. 
 
 
THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK-SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 
 
 
 
