  
-11- 
 
 
 
11.4 
Purchaser agrees to comply with the operational and financial conditions set forth 
on Schedule 11.4 hereto, which include by way of example conditions applicable to all current or future 
sale/leaseback transactions involving any of the Restaurants or any other YUM! Brands, Inc., a North 
Carolina corporation (“YUM! Brands”) restaurant concepts or businesses that Purchaser or its affiliates may 
now or hereafter own, operate or otherwise be involved in.  Any such failure by Purchaser to satisfy the 
conditions set forth on Schedule 11.4 shall constitute a breach by Purchaser under the Taco Bell Franchise 
Agreements for all the Restaurants. 
 
 
11.5 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 38, Purchaser hereby 
covenants and agrees that for a five (5) year period from and after the Closing Date, without the prior written 
consent of Seller, which consent may be withheld by Seller in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion, 
Purchaser will not (A) transfer any of the Restaurants, or cause or permit any of its affiliates to transfer any 
of the Restaurants controlled by any such affiliate, to any person or entity, or (B) permit the direct or indirect 
transfer of any interest in the Purchaser, or any affiliate of the Purchaser that owns an interest (directly or 
indirectly) in any of the Restaurants.   
 
12. 
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants.  All representations and 
warranties made by each party shall survive the Closing for the benefit of the other parties hereto but only 
until the first anniversary of the Closing Date, except for: (i) the Upgrade Obligations set forth in Section 2.2 
and Schedule 2.2 attached hereto, which shall remain in effect until completed, (ii) the restrictions on sale-
leaseback as provided in Section 11.3 which shall remain in effect until the third (3rd) anniversary after the 
Closing Date, and (iii) the prohibitions on transfer of the Restaurants and right of first offer as provided in 
Section 11.5, which shall remain in effect until the fifth (5th) anniversary after the Closing Date.  All covenants 
that describe actions that are required to be taken (or not taken) prior to or at the Closing shall survive the 
Closing for the benefit of the other parties hereto but only until the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date, 
and all covenants that describe actions that are required to be taken (or not taken) after the Closing shall 
survive until the later to occur of (i) the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date; (ii) such longer period of 
time as provided herein for Purchaser’s performance of such actions or as provided in the applicable 
governing agreement for the performance thereof, or (iii) for such longer period to perform such actions as 
the parties may mutually agree in writing extending the time for performance thereof.  
 
13. 
Fire or Other Casualty.  In the event of destruction or material loss or damage to a 
Restaurant building due to fire, storm, flood or other casualty prior to the Closing Date, Seller (directly or 
through an affiliate) shall promptly repair or replace such building prior to the Closing Date or, at Seller’s 
election, it may at the Closing pay to Purchaser the amount reasonably necessary to effect such repair or 
replacement. 
 
14. 
Prorations/Change of Ownership Transition.  The following charges shall be prorated 
as of the Closing Date, with Seller (or its applicable affiliate) being responsible for all liabilities and charges 
relating to the possession or operation of the Restaurants on or prior to the Closing Date and Purchaser 
being responsible for paying all such liabilities and charges after the Closing Date.  All such adjustment 
payments shall be deemed an adjustment to the Purchase Price. 
