 
 
 
 
 
6 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
and HBG restaurants, and other chains that in the future may come to be controlled in whole or in part by 
YUM or its divisions and subsidiaries may be established at any location, regardless of the proximity to 
your Unit. 
 
 
The foodservice industry is heavily regulated in the United States by federal, state, and local 
governments.   
 
The Affordable Care Act of 2010 and regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
(the so-called “menu labeling rule”) require covered retail foodservice establishments, including those that 
are part of a chain of 20 or more units, to disclose to consumers, on menu boards, online ordering platforms, 
and otherwise, certain nutritional information regarding menu items.   
 
Other laws have particular applicability to restaurants and other retail foodservice establishments, 
including food safety and health and sanitation laws and liquor license laws, liquor liability, and dram shop 
laws (if alcoholic beverages are offered or sold on the premises).  Many states and municipalities also 
require specific licensure or training in sanitation and safety laws before permitting a restaurant to serve the 
public.   
 
To operate the Unit, you may also need to obtain a liquor license. State and local laws, regulations 
and ordinances vary significantly in the procedures, difficulty and cost associated with obtaining a license 
to sell liquor, the restrictions placed on the manner in which liquor may be sold, and the potential liability 
imposed by dram shop laws involving injuries, directly and indirectly, related to the sale of liquor, and its 
consumption. You will need to understand and comply with those laws in operating the Unit. 
 
Recently, some cities have enacted laws that impose specific burdens targeted retail foodservice 
establishments that serve foods or beverages that are high in sugar and/or salt. Such cities may require 
restaurants operating in their jurisdiction to pay additional taxes on the sale of sugar sweetened beverages 
and/or may retail foodservice establishments to warn consumers of high-sodium menu items.  
 
Some states and cities also require that retail food establishments provide information to consumers 
about food allergens.   
 
Many states and cities also regulate foodware and foodservice packaging items.  Some cities ban 
plastic straws and other single-use items. Some states also now require a certain amount of post-consumer 
recycled content or restrict or prohibit the use of certain types of Styrofoam and plastic. Additionally, state 
extended producer responsibility laws could ultimately place reporting and other obligations on restaurant 
chains that distribute branded items.  
 
Additionally, in January 2026, many restaurants will be required to keep certain key data elements 
when such restaurants receive food that is on the FDA’s food traceability list.  If a restaurant must keep 
such key data elements, it must keep the specific data required by FDA and must be able to make such 
information available to FDA via an electronic sortable spreadsheet.  
 
To operate the Unit, you will need to determine and understand the laws that apply in your 
geographic area and then implement compliance procedures, as needed, to ensure your Unit’s full 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Many of the laws that apply to business generally, like the Americans with Disabilities Act, federal 
wage and hour laws, and the Occupation, Health and Safety Act, also apply to restaurants and other retail 
foodservice establishments. Your development and operation of the Unit will also be subject to compliance 
with applicable zoning, land use and environmental regulations as well as federal and state minimum wage 
laws governing such matters as working conditions, overtime and tip credits and other employee matters.  
