 
 
 
 
 
39 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Item 12 
 
TERRITORY  
 
The License Agreement does not provide territorial protection or exclusivity for you, although we 
may grant such rights in separate transactions or by policy on a temporary basis in our sole discretion.  
There are no exclusive areas or territories granted to you in the License Agreement. The License Agreement 
licenses the use of the Trademarks in connection with the operation of a Unit at a specified location. Your 
rights under the License Agreement are non-exclusive and do not include the right to prevent any other uses 
by any persons or entities of the Trademarks or the System regardless of how close they are or will be to 
the Unit.   
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the License Agreement. You may face competition 
from other franchisees or licensees, from Units that we own, or from other channels of distribution or 
competitive brands that we or our affiliates control. Our Integrated Expansion Policy describes our 
considerations in evaluating a site for registration. If you purchase one or more existing Units from us or 
one of our affiliates, you may be required to waive any impact protection under our then-current Integrated 
Expansion Policy, if any, to which you may be entitled under the License Agreement(s) for the purchased 
Unit(s), which waiver shall be effective for the entire term of the License Agreement(s).  
 
If you purchase existing Units from us or a licensee, you may also be required to develop one or 
more new Units according to a Market Build Out Agreement in a form similar to that attached as Exhibit J. 
You may be required to develop certain Units that we designate, or we may choose to designate an entire 
geographic region or part of it as the development area.  The Market Build Out Agreement will specify the 
dates by which each of these Units must be open for business.  You will be required to pay to us a 
development fee of $22,500 for each new Unit, $10,000 of which is payable upon registration and the 
balance of which is due upon the Unit’s groundbreak. If the Market Build Out Agreement is being issued 
in connection with your purchase of restaurants from an existing licensee, any Unit that was registered by 
the prior licensee shall not count as a new Unit under your Market Build Out Agreement, even if such Unit 
opens during the term of your Market Build Out Agreement. If you fail to  open a Unit on time, upon the 
missed opening date you must pay to us: a) within 5 days of the missed deadline, a lump sum payment of  
$22,500 or the balance of the development fee if you have previously made a $10,000 deposit, which 
$22,500 total fee shall be applied towards the initial license fee under the license agreement for the new 
Unit to the extent the new Unit is opened during the term of the Market Build Out Agreement; and b) 
payments of $4,231 for each four or five week accounting period of our pertinent financial calendar until 
the earlier of the date i) you open the new Unit or ii) that is 10 years from the required Opening Date as 
defined in the Market Build Out Agreement. Alternatively, we may choose to require that you pay a 
development fee calculated by multiplying the aggregate number of new Units you are required to develop 
and operate thereunder by the sum of $22,500 in which case we will credit the portion of the development 
fee attributable to a new Unit against the initial fee for such new Unit so long as such new Unit is opened 
in accordance with the Market Build Out Agreement. In the event that the new Unit does not open, these 
fees are not refundable or applicable to other Units. The standard term of the Market Build Out Agreement 
is five (5) years, though the term may be for a shorter or longer period depending on the location and the 
number of new Units to be opened or other factors in our sole discretion. 
 
 
 
We and/or our affiliates operate many Units and we permit many other franchisees, licensees and 
third parties to use the Trademarks and System. We will likely permit additional uses of the Trademarks in 
the future, without regard to proximity to your Unit. The License Agreements do not restrict our and our 
affiliates’ right to locate our and our affiliates’ own Units without regard to their proximity to your Unit.  
Pizza Hut, KFC, and HBG as well as any chains acquired or developed by YUM or its subsidiaries and 
divisions in the future, also may locate their Units anywhere without regard to their proximity to your Unit.  
