franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise.  
7.   Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which 
describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee 
before a sale may be made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earliest of the 
first personal meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. 
 
The State of New York also requires that the following Addendum to License Agreement be included in the FDD: 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO  
LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the New York General Business Law, the parties to the attached TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, 
LLC LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") agree as follows: 
 
Section 15 of the Agreement, "Expiration and Termination,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following paragraph 
which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
The Licensee is permitted to terminate the Agreement upon any ground available by applicable law under this 
Agreement. 
 
Section 16.3 of the Agreement, "Applicable Law," shall be supplemented by the following sentence which shall be considered 
an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon either the Licensor or upon 
the Licensee by the GBL of the State of New York, Article 33. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
To the extent this Addendum shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of said License Agreement or Exhibits or 
Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Addendum to the License Agreement on the same 
day and year that the License Agreement has been executed. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
