TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
11 
(3) Member’s Equity 
The Company is authorized to issue a single class of limited liability interest. Franchisor Holdco is the sole 
member of the Company under its amended and restated limited liability company agreement. 
The Company distributed zero, $4.2 million and $0.3 million of excess cash from the senior notes interest 
reserve account described in Note 5 to the Issuer for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, December 
26, 2023 and December 27, 2022, respectively.  These distributions are recorded as cash distributions to 
member in the Statements of Member’s Equity and in the Statements of Cash Flows. 
All cash collections related to the Company’s franchise operations are not directly collected or held by the 
Company as such amounts are deposited into an account held in the name of the Issuer.  Additionally, the 
Manager pays for franchise incentives and the Issuer reimburses the Manager with cash collected from 
franchisees on behalf of the Company.  The net cash collected by the Issuer on behalf of the Company is 
recorded as non-cash distributions in the Statements of Member’s Equity and in the Statements of Cash Flows 
as such cash is never received by the Company and such amounts are not expected to be paid to the Company 
by the Issuer.   
Upon the effective date of a newly issued franchise agreement, deferred franchise fee and unamortized 
franchise incentive balances, if any, associated with the legacy agreement are transferred to the Company 
from Franchise Holder if the issuance is accounted for as a contract continuation under Topic 606.  If the 
issuance is accounted for as a contract termination under Topic 606, then the unamortized deferred franchise 
fees and franchise incentives are recognized through earnings by the legacy entity upon the effective date of 
the new franchise agreement.  Most often, the issuance of new franchise agreements is recognized as a 
contract continuation based on the continued obligation to provide the franchise right to the franchisee as well 
as minimal changes in the expected cash flows from the franchise agreement.  The transfer of unamortized 
franchise incentives and deferred franchise fees balances are recorded as non-cash distributions in the 
Statements of Member’s Equity and in the Statements of Cash Flow since the cash was never received or paid 
by the Company nor are these amounts expected to be cash settled between the Company and the Issuer. 
Total non-cash distributions of $708.9 million, $646.2 million and $572.2 million were recorded in the 
Statements of Member’s Equity and in the Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 
2024, December 26, 2023 and December 27, 2022, respectively. 
(4) Related Party Transactions 
(a) Management Agreement 
The Company does not have any employees, and the officers of the Company are employees of TBC and 
compensation for these officers are paid and expensed by TBC. In conjunction with the Issuer’s 2021 
financing arrangement, TBC and the Securitization Entities entered into an amended and restated 
management agreement (“A&R Management Agreement”) on August 19, 2021.  The A&R Management 
Agreement amended, restated and superseded the original management agreement in its entirety. In its 
capacity as the Manager of the Securitization Entities’ assets (“Managed Assets”), the Manager performs 
certain services on behalf of the Securitization Entities, including, among other things, collecting 
franchisee and licensee payments, managing the Managed Assets on behalf of the Securitization Entities, 
and performing certain franchising, marketing, intellectual property and operational and reporting services 
on behalf of the Securitization Entities with respect to the Managed Assets.  In exchange for providing 
such services, the Manager is entitled to receive a management fee from the Issuer as defined in the A&R 
Management Agreement.  Neither the expenses incurred by TBC to fulfill its responsibilities under the 
A&R Management Agreement, nor any management fees to compensate TBC for those services 
provided, are allocated to the Company, because the management fee is paid by the Issuer, and there is 
no reasonable basis for allocation to the Company.  
