 
 
-7- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
c) 
retain the services of consultants, traffic engineers, attorneys or other expediters required to achieve 
permit approvals.   
 
6.11 
As part of the Construction Management Phase described in Section 3.5 above, Client shall perform the 
following within ten (10) days of a request by YRSG: 
 
a) Client shall enter into a contract with the General Contractor for the construction of the Project.  The standard 
form construction contract provided by YRSG shall be the basis for such contract with the General 
Contractor.  Client shall also enter into purchase orders for the procurement of all equipment and furnishings 
required for the Project (except to the extent they will be procured by the General Contractor).  All 
construction and procurement costs shall be paid by Client when due; 
 
b) through its representatives, including the Architect and any other design consultants retained by Client, 
furnish the required information and services, and render approvals and decisions as expeditiously as 
necessary for the progress of the work of the General Contractor.  All architectural and consulting fees 
required hereunder shall be furnished at Client's expense; and 
 
c)  retain the services of Additional Service Providers as required for the Project.  Any such services required 
hereunder shall be furnished at Client's expense. 
 
6.12 
Client shall be solely responsible for a post construction Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) inspection of 
each Project (an “ADA Inspection”).  Each ADA Inspection shall determine whether the Project complies with 
the ADA. The inspection shall be completed by a YRSG authorized consultant and a charge of $2,250 shall be 
added to this Agreement to insure the Project complies with ADA requirements.  YRSG shall order the inspection 
and shall use the $2,250 to pay for the inspection.  If the inspection exceeds $2,250, Client shall be solely 
responsible to pay any amount exceeding said amount.  Should the inspection cost less than $2,250, any 
remaining funds shall be returned to Client.  The $2,250 charge shall be waived in those states where the state 
performs an ADA inspection.  If a state charges a fee for an ADA inspection, the Client shall be responsible for 
the payment of the fee.  It shall be the Client’s and the General Contractor’s responsibility to ensure that any non-
compliant ADA items are properly and timely corrected. 
 
6.13 
Client shall be solely responsible for complying with the terms and conditions of the lease or purchase agreement 
for the real property comprising the Project, including without limitation, complying with all schedule and 
payment obligations. 
 
6.14 
Client shall be solely responsible for complying with the terms and conditions of any and all other agreements 
Client may have with YRSG and/or Yum, or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with 
YRSG or Yum, including without limitation, any franchise, license or preferred developer agreements, and 
neither the execution, delivery nor performance of this Agreement shall modify or otherwise affect the rights of 
YRSG and/or Yum or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with YRSG or Yum, or the 
obligations of Client under such other agreements. 
 
6.15 
Except as otherwise provided, the costs and fees associated with all Additional Service Providers, studies, 
documents, goods, services and information required in this Article 6, including any permit fees, shall be paid for 
by Client and shall be paid by Client promptly when due.   
 
 
ARTICLE 7 
PAYMENT FOR SERVICES 
 
The Client shall make payment for the Services performed by YRSG as described in this Article 7.  
  
7.1     If only Construction Services are elected, Client shall pay YRSG (a) $25,000 plus the ADA Inspection fee described 
in section 6.12, upon execution of this Agreement and (b) except as otherwise provided herein, fees for Additional Services 
(if applicable) within 30 days after the date of YRSG's invoice(s) therefor.  
  
