STATE OF MINNESOTA 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
These licenses have been registered under the Minnesota Franchise Act.  Registration does not constitute approval, recommendation, or 
endorsement by the Commissioner of Commerce of Minnesota or a finding by the Commissioner that the information provided herein 
is true, complete, and not misleading. 
 
 
The Minnesota Franchise Act makes it unlawful to offer or sell any license in this state which is subject to registration without first 
providing to the licensee, at least 7 days prior to the execution by the prospective licensee of any binding license or other agreement, or 
at least 7 days prior to the payment of any consideration, by the licensee, whichever occurs first, a copy of this public offering statement, 
together with a copy of all proposed agreements relating to the license.  This public offering statement contains a summary only of 
certain material provisions of the license agreement.  The contract or agreement should be referred to for an understanding of all rights 
and obligations of both the licensor and the licensee. 
 
A provision in a license agreement which requires a licensee to assent to a general release is prohibited under Minnesota Rule 
2860.4400D.   
 
With respect to the licenses governed by Minnesota law, Taco Bell will comply with Minnesota Statutes 80C.14 subdivisions 3, 4 and 
5 which require except in certain specific cases, that a licensee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 
days notice for non-renewal of the license agreement. 
 
Liquidated damage provisions are void in the state of Minnesota. 
 
The Risk Factors section of the State Cover Page is supplemented by the following provision: 
 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80c.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400j prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.  In 
addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or License Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided 
for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80c, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
 
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that Taco Bell indemnify Minnesota licensees against liability to third parties 
resulting from claims by third parties that the licensee's use of Taco Bell's trademark infringes on the trademark rights of the third party.  
Taco Bell will provide such indemnity only if licensee's use of Taco Bell's trademarks is in accordance with the requirements of the 
license.  As a condition to indemnification, licensee must provide notice to Taco Bell of any infringement claim within ten (10) days of 
licensee’s receipt of such claim and tender the defense of the claim to Taco Bell.  If Taco Bell accepts the tender of defense, Taco Bell 
has the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine 
whether to appeal a final determination of the claim. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
 
 
The State of Minnesota also requires that the following Addendum to License Agreement be included in the FDD: 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the Minnesota Franchise Act, the parties to the attached TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, 
LLC LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Section 14 of the Agreement, "Trademarks," shall be supplemented by the following paragraph which shall be considered an 
integral part of the Agreement: 
 
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that Licensor indemnify Minnesota licensees against liability to third parties 
resulting from claims by third parties that the Licensee's use of Licensor's trademark infringes trademark rights of the third 
party.  Licensor will provide such indemnity only if Licensee's use of Licensor's trademarks is in accordance with the 
requirements of the license.  As a condition to indemnification, Licensee must provide notice to Licensor of any infringement 
claim within ten (10) days and tender the defense of the claim to Licensor.  If Licensor accepts the tender of defense, Licensor 
has the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and 
to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim. 
 
2. 
Section 15 of the Agreement, "Expiration and Termination," shall be supplemented by the following paragraph which shall be 
