 
 
13 
covenant or condition herein or of any same or similar term, covenant or condition in any other agreement between the Company and 
any licensee or franchisee, shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent or continuing breach or default of the same or any other 
term, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement, or in any other agreement between the Company and any licensee or franchisee. 
 
 
 
16.1  Cumulative Remedies.  All rights and remedies of the Company shall be cumulative and not alternative, in addition 
to and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided for herein or which may be available at law or in equity in case of any breach, 
failure or default or threatened breach, failure or default of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement.  The rights and remedies 
of the Company shall be continuing and not exhausted by any one or more uses thereof, and may be exercised at any time or from time 
to time as often as may be expedient; and any option or election to enforce any such right or remedy may be exercised or taken at any 
time and from time to time.  The expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not discharge or release the Licensee from any 
liability or obligation then accrued or any liability or obligation continuing beyond or arising out of the expiration or earlier termination of 
this Agreement. 
 
 
 
16.2  Partial Invalidity.  If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be declared invalid, unenforceable or impaired 
in any way, the validity of the remaining portions shall not be affected thereby and such remaining portions shall remain in full force and 
effect as if this Agreement had been executed with such invalid portion eliminated, and it is hereby declared the intention of the parties 
that they would have executed the remaining portion of this Agreement without including therein any such portions which might be 
declared invalid; provided, however, that in the event any part hereof relating to the payment of fees to the Company, or the ownership 
or preservation of the Trademarks, trade secrets or secret formulae licensed or disclosed hereunder is for any reason declared invalid or 
unenforceable, then the Company shall have the option of terminating this Agreement upon written notice to the Licensee. 
 
 
 
16.3  Choice of Law.  The Licensee acknowledges that the Company will grant numerous licenses throughout the 
United States on terms and conditions similar to those set forth in this Agreement and that it is of mutual benefit to the Licensee and to 
the Company that these terms and conditions be uniformly interpreted.  This Agreement; all relations between the parties; and, any and 
all disputes between Licensee and Company, whether such dispute sounds in law, equity or otherwise, is to be exclusively construed in 
accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of New York without recourse to New York (or any other) choice 
of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any provision of this Agreement is not enforceable under the laws of New York, and if 
Licensee’s franchised business is located outside of New York and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in 
which the franchised business is located, then that provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted and construed under the laws of 
that state.  This Section is not intended to invoke, and shall not be deemed to invoke, the application of any franchise, business opportunity 
or similar law of the State of New York which would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within 
designation of governing law. 
 
 
 
16.4  Jurisdiction and Venue.  With respect to any court proceeding between the Licensee and the Company concerning 
the enforcement, construction or alleged breach or termination of this Agreement, the Licensee hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction 
and venue of the federal and California state courts located in Orange County, California, for all such matters, and promises not to 
commence against the Company any court proceeding concerning such matters in any other courts.  
 
 
 
16.5  Notices.  Any notice from the Company that is required hereunder to be given in writing, and all notices from the 
Licensee to be given hereunder, shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when first tendered or received, whether in person, through 
United States mail or through reputable private delivery service, during normal business hours for the locale of the addressee at the 
appropriate address set forth below, or such other address as one party may hereafter provide to the other with not less than three (3) 
days' notice. 
 
THE COMPANY: 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
THE LICENSEE: 
name 
 
1 Glen Bell Way 
 
 
 
address  
 
Irvine, California 92618 
 
 
city state zip 
 
Attn:  General Counsel 
 
 
 
 
16.6  Terms and Headings.  Whenever any word is used in this Agreement in one gender, it shall also be construed as 
being used in the other genders, and singular usage shall include the plural and vice versa, all as the context shall reasonably require.  
The headings inserted in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement or limit 
the generality of any of its provisions. 
 
 
 
16.7  Compliance with Laws.  The Licensee shall at its own cost and expense, promptly comply with all laws, 
ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, and requirements of all federal, state and municipal governments and appropriate departments, 
commissions, boards, and offices thereof.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Licensee shall abide by all applicable rules 
and regulations of any Public Health Department having jurisdiction over the Restaurant. 
 
 
 
16.8  Lease of Land and Building.  In the event that the parties have executed a lease of land or building relating to the 
premises described in Subsection 1.0 (the "Lease''), such Lease is hereby incorporated in this Agreement by reference, and any failure 
on the part of the Licensee (lessee therein) to perform, fulfill or observe any of the covenants, conditions or agreements contained therein 
shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.  It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed by the Licensee that any 
termination of the Lease resulting in the Licensee's loss of possession of the Restaurant shall result in immediate termination of this 
Agreement without further notice. 
