TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
10 
The Company’s franchise agreements require that the franchisee remit continuing fees based on a 
percentage of the applicable restaurant’s sales in exchange for the license of the intellectual property 
associated with the Taco Bell brand (the “franchise right”).  The Company’s store-level franchise 
agreements also typically require certain, less significant, upfront franchise fees such as initial fees paid 
upon opening of a store, upfront fees paid in conjunction with successor franchise agreements and fees 
paid in the event the franchise agreement is transferred to another franchisee. 
Continuing fees represent the substantial majority of the consideration the Company receives under its 
franchise agreements.  Continuing fees are typically paid each period and are usually 5.5% of sales for 
traditional franchise agreements and usually 10% of sales for non-traditional units.  Based on the 
application of the sales-based royalty exception within Topic 606, continuing fees are recognized as the 
related restaurant sales occur. 
Upfront initial fees are typically paid prior to the store opening, upfront successor fees are generally paid 
upon execution of the successor franchise agreement and transfer fees are generally paid when an existing 
agreement is transferred to another franchisee.  The Company has determined that the services provided 
in exchange for upfront initial fees, which primarily relate to pre-opening support, and successor and 
transfer fees are highly interrelated with the franchise right and are not individually distinct from the ongoing 
services the Company provides to its franchisees.  As a result, such upfront franchise fees are recognized 
as revenue over the term of each respective franchise agreement.  Revenues for these upfront franchise 
fees are recognized on a straight-line basis, which is consistent with the franchisee’s right to use and 
benefit from the intellectual property.  Revenues from continuing fees and upfront franchise fees are 
presented within Franchise and license fees in the Statements of Income. 
Additionally, from time-to-time the Company provides non-refundable consideration to franchisees in the 
form of cash or other incentives (e.g. cash payments to incent new unit openings, free or subsidized 
equipment, etc.).  The Company’s intent in providing such consideration is to drive new unit development 
or same-store sales growth that will result in higher future revenues for the Company.  Such consideration 
is capitalized and presented within Franchise incentives in the Balance Sheets.  These assets are being 
amortized as a reduction in Franchise and license fees over the period of expected cash flows from the 
franchise agreements to which the payment relates.  To the extent the consideration is unpaid at the 
balance sheet date, a corresponding obligation is presented within Accrued franchise incentives in the 
Balance Sheets. 
(i) Contract Liabilities 
Deferred franchise fees include contract liabilities of $64.5 million and $64.7 million as of December 31, 
2024 and December 26, 2023, respectively.  These contract liabilities are comprised of unamortized 
upfront fees received from franchisees.  Additionally, deferred franchise fees also include $14.0 million 
and $13.4 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023, respectively, of upfront fee deposits 
paid to the Company associated with new franchise contracts for stores not yet opened and future 
successor agreements.  
(j)   Income Taxes 
The Company was formed as a single member limited liability corporation that is disregarded for income 
tax purposes and is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes.  The income of the Company is 
taxed and attributable to income tax filings of the TBC and YUM entities.  Therefore, the accompanying 
Statements of Income do not include a provision for income taxes nor have current or deferred U.S. income 
tax assets or liabilities been recorded in the accompanying Balance Sheets.  
