TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
7 
(1) Description of the Business 
Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC (the "Company") is a wholly owned subsidiary of Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, 
LLC (“Franchisor Holdco”), which is wholly owned by Taco Bell Funding, LLC (“the Issuer”).  The Issuer is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Taco Bell Corp. (“TBC”) whose ultimate parent company is Yum Brands, Inc. 
(“YUM”). The Issuer has four direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Franchisor Holdco, the Company, 
Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC (“Franchise Holder”) and Taco Bell IP Holder LLC (“IP Holder”).  The Issuer 
and its subsidiaries were formed as single-member, special purpose Delaware limited liability companies in 
connection with its financing arrangement described in Note 5, which was completed on May 11, 2016 
(the “Closing Date”).  The Company commenced operations on the Closing Date.    
On the Closing Date, TBC entered into contribution agreements with the Issuer pursuant to which TBC 
contributed certain assets to the Issuer and its subsidiaries, including all third-party franchise and development 
agreements existing on the Closing Date and certain U.S. intellectual property (“IP”) related to the Taco Bell 
brand.  IP Holder owns and licenses Closing Date IP and IP created, developed or acquired after the Closing 
Date related to the Taco Bell Brand (collectively “Securitization IP”). 
 
The terms "franchise" or "franchisee" within these financial statements are meant to describe third parties that 
operate units under either franchise or license agreements as well as affiliated restaurants operating under 
master franchise and license agreements with the Company as described in Note 4.  
The Company’s primary business purpose is, among other things, to serve as the franchisor under U.S. 
agreements executed on or after the Closing Date.  Franchise Holder serves as the franchisor under U.S. 
franchise agreements contributed to Franchise Holder by TBC on the Closing Date.  The Company had no 
rights to any existing franchise agreements contributed to Franchise Holder on the Closing Date. Franchisor 
Holdco serves as the holding company of both the Company and Franchise Holder.  The Company’s franchise 
agreements include the master franchise agreements with its affiliated entities described in Note 4, and any 
U.S. franchise agreements executed after the Closing Date relating to the Taco Bell brand for new restaurants 
as well as franchise transfers and successor agreements for stores that existed at the Closing Date and were 
contributed to Franchise Holder.  The Company collected royalties for 6,207 units, 5,938 units and 5,738 units 
during the years ended December 31, 2024, December 26, 2023 and December 27, 2022, respectively.  The 
increase is driven by new restaurants and transfers of franchise restaurants that existed at the Closing Date 
from Franchise Holder to the Company.  
The Company and Franchise Holder franchise both traditional and non-traditional Mexican-style quick service 
restaurants which prepare, package and sell a menu of competitively priced food items operating under the 
Taco Bell brand.  Traditional restaurants can feature dine-in, carryout, drive-thru or delivery services through 
third parties.  Non-traditional units include express units and kiosks which have a more limited menu and 
operate in non-traditional locations like malls, airports, gasoline service stations, train stations, subways, 
convenience stores, stadiums, amusement parks and colleges, where a full-scale traditional outlet would not 
be practical or efficient.  
The activities of the Company are limited to: 
• 
licensing from IP Holder, for a 99-year term, an exclusive (except as to each other initial licensee 
thereunder) royalty-free license to use and sublicense Securitization IP in the U.S. in connection with the 
restaurants operating under the Taco Bell brand and as part of the Company’s corporate name or trade 
name; 
• 
acting as franchisor under the applicable franchise agreements; 
• 
entering into new franchise agreements and other related agreements with U.S. franchisees; 
