 
 
7 
directors, and employees, including but not limited to Taco Bell Corporation and Yum! Brands, Inc. (collectively, the “Additional Insureds”) 
shall be named on all such policies, workers' compensation excepted. Such policy or policies shall be written by an insurance company 
or companies satisfactory to the Company and with a minimum Best's Rating of A- or other such comparable rating and shall include 
coverage in at least the following types and amounts: 
 
KIND OF INSURANCE 
 
 
 
MINIMUM LIMITS OF LIABILITY 
Workers' Compensation  
 
 
 
Statutory 
Employers' Liability 
 
 
 
$2,000,000 per occurrence 
Commercial General Liability 
 
 
$2,000,000 per occurrence 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$5,000,000 annual aggregate 
Products Liability  
 
 
 
per occurrence included in 
Commercial General Liability, 
Liquor Liability Insurance 
 
 
Separate annual aggregate of $5,000,000  
$3,000,000 annual aggregate per common cause and 
as further set out below 
Employment Practices Liability Insurance 
 
$2,000,000 annual aggregate 
 
The insurance afforded by the policy or policies shall be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance, deductibles, self-
insured retentions and/or self-insurance maintained by the Additional Insureds and shall not be limited in any way by reason of any 
insurance, deductibles, self-insured retentions and/or self-insurance which may be maintained by the Additional Insureds. The policy or 
policies shall include severability of interests/separation of insureds provisions and shall not contain any cross-suit liability exclusions. 
Waiver of Subrogation in favor of the Additional Insureds must be provided under all policies required by this Agreement, to the extent 
allowed by law. Subject to the express prior written approval of the Company (which the Company may withhold in its good faith 
discretion), that such program would not put the Company at any greater risk or exposure than would coverage from insurers described 
above, and to the Licensee’s full compliance with all pertinent laws and regulations, the Licensee may satisfy its obligations with respect 
to Workers' Compensation coverage through a self-insurance program. Licensee is only required to maintain Liquor Liability Insurance if 
serving alcoholic beverages at the Restaurant. Licensee is required to maintain such Liquor Liability Insurance with limits of not less than 
the equivalent of $3,000,000.00 each common cause and $3,000,000.00 annual aggregate covering bodily injury and property damage 
if liability for either bodily injury or property damage is imposed by reason of the selling, serving or furnishing of any alcoholic beverage 
by Licensee. 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1  Within thirty (30) days after the execution of this Agreement, but in no event later than one week before the 
Restaurant opens for business, Certificates of Insurance showing compliance with the requirements of Subsection 11.0 shall be furnished 
by the Licensee to the Company for approval.  Such certificates shall state that the policy or policies shall not be canceled or altered 
without at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Company.  Maintenance of such insurance and the performance by the Licensee 
of its obligations under this Section 11 shall not relieve the Licensee of liability under the indemnity provisions of this Agreement or limit 
such liability. 
 
 
 
11.2   The Licensee shall maintain an all-risk property insurance (fire) policy on the Restaurant buildings and other 
improvements, equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signage and any additions.  The policy shall be written on the basis of replacement cost 
of the property and shall include a minimum of six months' coverage for business interruption.  Such policy or policies shall be written by 
an insurance company with a minimum Best's Rating of A- or other such comparable rating. 
 
 
 
11.3  Should the Licensee, for any reason, not timely procure and maintain the insurance coverage required by this 
section, then the Company shall have the right and authority to immediately procure such insurance coverage as part of or separate from 
its own policies, in its sole discretion, and to charge the cost thereof to the Licensee, which charges shall be paid immediately upon notice 
and shall be subject to charges for late payments in the manner set forth in Subsection 7.1. 
 
 
 
11.4 The Licensee’s insurance shall be endorsed to add the Company and each of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
officers, shareholders, members, directors, and employees as additional insureds.   
 
SECTION 12:  DEBTS AND TAXES 
 
 
 
12.0  The Licensee shall pay promptly when due all obligations incurred directly or indirectly in connection with the 
Restaurant and its operation, including, without limitation, all taxes and assessments that may be assessed against the Restaurant land, 
building and other improvements, equipment, fixtures, signs, furnishings and other property, and all liens and encumbrances of every 
kind and character created or placed upon or against any of said property (subject, however, to any conflicting provisions of any arm’s 
length, bona fide lease or leases of any of the foregoing property), and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind and character 
incurred by or on behalf of the Licensee in the conduct of the Restaurant business. 
 
SECTION 13:  SALE AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 
 
13.0  The Licensee's rights and interests under this Agreement and any interest in any of the Restaurant land, building, 
equipment, fixtures or other things which are subject to the provisions of this Agreement shall not be subject to sale, assignment, transfer 
or encumbrance, including the granting of any lien or security interest (all of which are hereinafter included within the term ''transfer'') in 
whole or in part in any manner whatsoever without the prior express written consent of the Company.  The Company will not, however, 
unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed sale or assignment.  In considering a request for transfer, the Company will consider, 
