 
 
 
 
 
34 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
 
You will agree in your License Agreement that we are not joint employers of your employees and 
other personnel. We do not and will not share or codetermine any of your employees’ essential terms and 
conditions of employment.  More specifically, in no case do we have any authority to determine or set your 
employees’:  (1) wages, benefits, and other compensation; (2) hours of work and scheduling; (3) the 
assignment of duties to be performed; (4) the supervision of the performance of duties; (5) work rules and 
directions governing the manner, means, and methods of the performance of duties and the grounds for 
discipline; (6) the tenure of employment, including hiring and discharge; and/or (7) working conditions 
related to the safety and health of employees. You alone have sole authority to determine any or all your 
employees’ essential terms and conditions of employment. 
 
COMPUTER AND ELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT 
 
The computer and electronic technology equipment used in the Unit, including computer and point 
of sale (“POS”) equipment, kitchen and credit card/gift card processing equipment, Digital Menu Board 
(“DMB”), Back of House (“BOH”) equipment, broadband internet access equipment and training access 
equipment, must meet or exceed our specifications. We set or modify our computer and electronic 
technology equipment policies from time to time as part of our All Access Policy and other policies, which 
we reserve the right to modify as we deem appropriate, including due to changes in available technologies. 
 
Front of House Technology 
 
Annspire Point of Sale (“POS”) System 
Our POS System currently requires you to utilize Elo cash register terminals, which record sales 
transactions (such as capturing sales, ticket data and product ordering data) and provide support functions 
(such as POS operations and order routing). There is no contractual limit on our right to access this 
information and data. The POS equipment also requires kitchen equipment and software to display and 
process orders through assembly/delivery in the kitchen. Please refer to the Touch Kitchen Display System 
section below.  POS costs vary depending on the hardware system and configuration you purchase; 
however, the estimated costs associated therewith are set forth in the below chart. 
 
Touch Kitchen Display System (“TKDS”) 
TKDS leverages eye-level, touchscreen tablets on the food production line and displays order 
information from the POS System. TKDS is comprised of touchscreen tablets, and a kitchen 
controller/monitor/bump bar in drive-thru. By January 1, 2026, each Unit is required to have 1 Epson Line 
Printer TM-L9011-685 per production line specifically for the purpose of printing labels.  TKDS costs vary 
depending on the hardware configuration you purchase. Estimated costs are included in the below chart. 
 
SmartHub 
The SmartHub is a server installed in the restaurant to enable communication between devices, 
such as the TKDS and POS or POS and BOH. SmartHub is capable of receiving data from the cloud or 
from one of the devices in the restaurant, process that data and make it available for other devices inside 
the restaurant. SmartHub is considered the “brain” of Taco Bell’s technology vision of the connected 
restaurant. For redundancy, each restaurant gets two SmartHubs. SmartHub costs can vary depending on 
the mounting requirement.  Estimated costs are included in the below chart. 
 
Speed of Service Timer & Headsets 
Each drive-thru Unit must obtain and maintain BOH Speed of Service Timers and Headsets for 
taking orders. HME Electronics, Inc. is currently our approved vendor for BOH Speed of Service Timer & 
Headset equipment and maintenance.   
 
