 
 
 
 
 
1 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Item 1 
 
THE LICENSOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
The Licensor and its Parents 
 
 
Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC is the licensor and is referred to as “we” or “us.”  The buyer of a license 
will be referred to as "you" or “Licensee,” including if you are an approved corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, or other entity, and includes the entity’s owners. 
 
 
Disclosure laws require all disclosure documents to be written in “plain English.” The use of 
different words in this disclosure document, which we will sometimes refer to as the “FDD,” from the 
words used in the agreements themselves to describe the parties’ rights and obligations is not intended to 
diminish or modify in any way the rights and obligations stated in the agreements themselves.  
 
 
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on February 23, 2016. We conduct business 
under the names Taco Bell® and Taco Bell Express®. Our principal business address is 1 Glen Bell Way, 
Irvine, California 92618. 
 
 
Our predecessor and intermediate corporate parent is Taco Bell Corp. (“TBC”), a corporation 
organized in the state of California in 1962. TBC also conducts business under the names Taco Bell and 
Taco Bell Express. TBC’s principal business address is 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618. TBC 
has been in the quick-service restaurant business for over 60 years, has operated Taco Bell Units since 1962 
(when the first such Unit opened) and has operated Taco Bell Express Units since 1991 (when the first such 
Express Unit opened).  TBC had offered and sold franchises in the United States between 1964 and the date 
on which the financing transaction described below was consummated, which was on May 11, 2016. On 
that date, we became the franchisor of Taco Bell and Taco Bell Express Units in the United States. 
 
 
Our other intermediate corporate parent is Taco Bell Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company formed on February 23, 2016, in connection with the financing transaction described below.  The 
principal business address of Taco Bell Funding, LLC is 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618.   
 
 
Our direct corporate parent is Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC (“TB Holder”), a Delaware 
limited liability company formed on March 10, 2016, in connection with the financing transaction described 
below. The principal address of TB Holder is 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618.   
 
Our ultimate corporate parent is YUM! Brands, Inc. (“YUM”). YUM’s offices are located at 1441 
Gardiner Lane, Louisville, Kentucky 40213.     
 
Our agents for service of process are listed in Exhibit A to this disclosure document. 
 
Our Affiliates and Parents who Offer Franchises/Licenses or Provide Products/Services 
 
 
The following are our affiliates that either (a) offer franchises or licenses within the United States 
or (b) provide products or services to you if you are located in the United States.  
 
The number of Units that each affiliate operates or franchises, as described in the following table, 
includes multi-brand Units in which more than one brand is operated. 
 
 
 
