  
-19- 
 
Assets to a third-party but at a sale price not less than that as contained in the notice and offer to sell 
provided to Seller. If Seller does not exercise its right to purchase the Offered Assets and Purchaser 
proceeds to sell such Offered Assets at any time during the five (5) year period from and after the Closing 
Date to any third-party in a bona fide transfer for at least full fair market value, Purchaser (or the successor 
in interest to Purchaser at such time) shall pay to Seller an amount equal to one-half (½) of the difference 
between the Resale purchase price for such Offered Assets and the Purchase Price allocated to such 
Offered Assets as identified on Schedule 2 attached hereto.  Further, any waiver or election by Seller not 
to exercise such right to purchase such Offered Assets shall not waive, nor be deemed to be a waiver of, 
Seller’s rights hereunder, which shall continue through said five (5) year period with respect to any 
subsequent offers to sell any or all of the Offered Assets.  The foregoing provisions in this Section 38 shall 
be included in the Bill of Sale [and the Deed].  
 
39. 
1031 Exchange.  Purchaser agrees to cooperate with Seller in Seller’s effecting a tax-
deferred exchange under Internal Revenue Code Section 1031.  Seller shall have the right, expressly 
reserved here, to elect this tax-deferred exchange at any time before the Closing Date, and further, 
Purchaser and Seller agree that the consummation of this Agreement is contingent on the exchange being 
effected if Seller so elects.  If Seller elects to effect a tax-deferred exchange, Purchaser agrees to execute 
such additional escrow instructions, documents, agreements or instruments reasonably required to effect 
the exchange. 
 
40. 
Pre-Ordered Merchandise.  Purchaser and Shareholders acknowledge that Seller has, 
or may have, ordered prior to the Closing Date certain merchandise and promotional materials for the 
Restaurants, which merchandise and promotional materials are to be delivered and paid for after the 
Closing Date.  Purchaser agrees to accept and pay for such merchandise and promotional materials in the 
quantities, for the prices and otherwise on the same terms and conditions as agreed to by Seller with such 
vendors, and hereby assumes all obligations of Seller and its affiliates with regard thereto. 
 
41. 
New Development.   TB Franchisor or its affiliates have identified one or more territories 
(“Territories”) that have potential for development of one or more new Taco Bell restaurants (each, a “New 
Development”).  With respect to any such Territories, TB Franchisor and Purchaser agree to enter into a 
Development Agreement at or prior to the Closing in the form substantially similar to that attached hereto 
as Exhibit “G”, pursuant to which Purchaser will develop [___] new Taco Bell restaurants within the 
Territories.  The timelines for completion, and other requirements related to each New Development, are 
set forth on Schedule 41 attached hereto.  
 
42.          Waiver of Captive Mall Development.  Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has 
no right to object to the development of any Express unit owned, franchised or licensed by Seller, TB 
Franchisor or any of their affiliates to be located in the mall locations, if any, listed below (each a “Captive 
Express Development”).  Purchaser waives any impact protection relating to the Captive Express 
Development under Seller’s, TB Franchisor’s or any of their affiliates’ then-current Integrated Expansion 
