 
 
 
 
 
29 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Obligation 
Section in Agreement 
Item in Disclosure 
Document 
(y) Other: Acquisition and development 
restrictions on acquiring additional Taco 
Bell branded restaurants 
LA & KTSLA: Not 
Applicable 
DSA: Not Applicable 
APA  
MBOA: 3.G, 7 
RA: II.M 
RAQ: Not applicable 
17 
(z) Other: Indebtedness limitations 
LA & KTSLA: Not 
Applicable 
DSA: Not Applicable 
APA: 11.3, 37 
MBOA: Not 
applicable 
RA: II.P 
RAQ: Not applicable 
17 
 
Item 10 
 
FINANCING 
 
We may attempt periodically to identify lenders willing to extend financing to you. Our assistance 
in identifying lenders is not an approval or endorsement by us of any of the lenders or of the financing 
arrangements. The terms of any such financing arrangements will be agreed upon between you and the 
lender and may vary widely.  
 
 
Provided your accounts are in good standing, we do not currently require you to execute notes, 
contracts, or other instruments containing waivers of defenses or confessions of judgment under ordinary 
circumstances. 
 
Real Estate Sublease 
 
 
If you purchase an existing restaurant from us or one of our affiliates, we may either lease or 
sublease the land and building to you under a triple net lease in the form then currently being used by us.   
The terms of our leases and subleases vary depending on if we own the land or are the direct tenant under 
a lease.  Our leases and subleases range from one to 30 years, and our rent generally ranges from $1,331.00 
to $19,128.00 per month. You can prepay your lease payments at any time without penalty. We may require 
a personal guarantee, and your lease or sublease is cross-defaulted with your License Agreement and other 
agreements with us or our affiliates.  If your lease or sublease is terminated, we may demand attorneys’ 
fees and costs, and damages for loss of rental income. 
 
 
TBC had no past practice, and we have no present practice, of selling, assigning or discounting 
your obligations under the License Agreement to third parties. However, in the past, TBC sold the 
promissory notes of franchisees and assigned its right to receive rents under leases with franchisees to third 
parties. We may continue this practice, if we deem it to be in our best interest. 
 
Except as described below, we do not offer, directly or indirectly, any arrangements for financing 
your initial investment or the continuing operation of your Unit. We are unable to predict whether you  can 
obtain financing for any part or all of your investment and, if you are able to obtain financing, we cannot 
predict the terms of such financing. Except as described below, neither we nor YUM guarantees your note, 
