 
3 
 
 
Guaranty Agreement 
(c) 
As used herein, the term “Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any person or entity, 
any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such first person or entity. 
(d) 
As used herein, the term “Guaranteed Obligations” shall mean the first ___________ 
of the original principal amount of the Loans, and accrued interest thereon, which amount shall 
be reduced as amortized over the term of the Loan. For avoidance of doubt, the Guaranteed 
Obligations shall be the first amounts reduced by amortization of the total original principal 
amount of the Loans. The Loans shall not be refinanced, renewed, extended, substituted or 
otherwise modified unless Guarantor expressly agrees in writing. 
(e) 
As used herein, the term “Maximum Guaranteed Amount” shall mean the amount of 
the Guaranteed Obligations, which in no event shall be greater than ___________. 
(f) 
As used herein, the term “Prior Payments” shall mean the aggregate amount of any and 
all amounts previously paid by Guarantor under this Guaranty. 
2. 
Termination of Guaranty.  This Guaranty will continue to be in full force and effect 
until the earliest of (i) final payment in full of all of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) payment by the 
Guarantor of payments hereunder which total the Maximum Guaranteed Amount, (iii) consummation 
of Guarantor’s Purchase Option in accordance with the terms set forth in the Letter Agreement, or (iv) 
Lender’s written termination thereof.  
3. 
Reinstatement.  Guarantor agrees that to the extent any payment or transfer is received 
by Lender in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations, and all or any part of such payment or 
transfer is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to 
be transferred or repaid by Lender or transferred or paid over to a trustee, receiver or any other entity, 
whether under any bankruptcy act or otherwise (any of such payments or transfers are hereinafter 
referred to as a “Preferential Payment”), then this Guaranty shall continue to be effective or shall be 
reinstated, as the case may be, and whether or not Lender is in possession of this Guaranty, or whether 
the Guaranty has been marked paid, released or canceled, or returned to Guarantor and, to the extent 
of any such payment, repayment or transfer by Lender, the Guaranteed Obligations or part intended 
to be satisfied by the Preferential Payment shall be revived and shall continue in full force and effect 
as if the Preferential Payment had not been received by Lender.  Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if all payments by Guarantor which are not Preferential Payments total the Maximum 
Guaranteed Amount, then this Guaranty shall be or remain terminated and shall not continue to be 
effective or be reinstated, as the case may be. 
4. 
Changes to Guaranteed Obligations.  Except as set forth in the Letter Agreement, 
Guarantor authorizes Lender, without notice, consent or demand and without affecting Guarantor’s 
liability under this Guaranty, to do any of the following: (i) take and hold security from the Borrower 
for the payment of any Guaranteed Obligations, and to exchange, enforce, foreclose, waive, 
subordinate and release any security and to apply the proceeds of the security as Lender in its 
reasonable discretion determines; and (ii) obtain a guaranty of any Guaranteed Obligations from any 
one or more other persons whomsoever and at any time or times to enforce, waive, rearrange, modify, 
limit or release such other persons from their obligations under such guaranties. 
