 
 
 
 
 
36 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Training Access 
Each Unit is required to have a computer or mobile tablet to access the e-learning training classes 
in OneSource. 
 
Back Of House Computer (“BOH Computer”) 
Our BOH system includes the e*Restaurant software from Altametrics, which will be transitioned 
to Tracks in 2025, a Hewlett Packard computer and a Brother printer. If you do not elect to use our BOH 
system, you must obtain a system which meets or exceeds all of our current BOH system specifications for 
reporting, tracking, capabilities, compatibility, and functionality and you must ensure that all data from 
your BOH system is shared with Taco Bell on a regular basis for measurements on performance and 
accuracy. SmartLynx SabreTooth Technologies is currently the only approved alternative BOH system; 
however, we do not provide support for the SmartLynx SabreTooth Technologies system. The fees 
associated with the BOH system will vary based on the software and related equipment configuration; 
however, the estimated costs associated therewith are set forth in the below chart. 
 
Recommended Ordering 
Recommended Ordering is a mobile app available for in-restaurant tablets to enable restaurant 
managers to order inventory while moving about the BOH. If desired, Recommended Ordering is also 
accessible online via the BOH computer.  In addition, restaurant specific recommendations for what and 
how much inventory to order are displayed in the mobile app for consideration prior to completing an order. 
Recommendations take into account the restaurant’s historical and forecasted demand, inventory on hand 
and in transit, and buffer preferences. Recommended Ordering is currently available for those Units 
equipped with eRestaurant or Tracks, and who utilize McLane as their Distributor.  The cost for 
Recommended Ordering is included in the below chart. 
 
Other Technology & Services  
 
Taco Bell IT Service Desk 
The Taco Bell IT Service Desk currently provides support for certain “certified” in-restaurant 
hardware and software obtained from our supported vendors (as set forth in the chart below). You must pay 
us an annual fee in connection with the Taco Bell IT Service Desk providing this support. All other 
hardware, software, and services must be maintained and supported by your own vendors and the costs are 
your responsibility.  
 
Technology Maintenance & Updates 
You must maintain your POS system and all your computer systems and electronics in good repair. 
Upon our request you must replace and upgrade the equipment in the Unit. (Exhibit B-1, Sections 3.3, 5.0 
and 5.2). We can access the information stored in your system, and there is no contractual limitation on our 
right to do so. Except as otherwise indicated, neither we nor our affiliates nor any third parties currently 
have any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or support for your computer 
systems unless you have made arrangements with them to do so, and we cannot estimate the cost of 
maintaining, updating or upgrading your computer systems or its components as the cost will depend on 
your repair history, local costs of computer maintenance services in your area and technological advances.  
 
You will be required, by certain specified dates, to update your Unit to comply with our then-
current technology specifications, including network broadband and all FOH & BOH technologies. Costs 
to upgrade hardware are currently in line with the estimated costs set forth below, and these costs will be 
your responsibility. Costs for future upgrades will also be your responsibility. Such upgrades may require 
you to purchase new technologies, as well as improvements to or modifications of existing technologies, 
from us, our affiliates, or designated third parties and to enter into related license and support agreements 
with us, our affiliates, or designated third parties and pay all related fees, including fees to support any 
online and smartphone “app” ordering systems. If you must purchase from us or our affiliates, we and our 
