7 
750030713 
 
E. 
No Change of Control:  Each Obligor agrees that, without Franchisor’s prior 
written approval, there shall be no Change in Control of any Obligor. 
 
 
F. 
Principal Operator/Substantially Full Time:  Each Obligor agrees (and with 
respect to clause (ii), the Principal Operator agrees and each other Obligor 
acknowledges) that (i) the Restaurants will be operated at all times under the 
supervision, management, and control of the Principal Operator, (ii) the Principal 
Operator and each of Franchisee’s officers, management employees, and above-
store-level employees shall devote substantially all his or her working time to 
supervising, managing, and controlling the Restaurants, and shall not engage in any 
other business or enterprise, and (iii) the Principal Operator shall not be changed, 
and no other person shall perform the role of Principal Operator, without 
Franchisor's prior written approval. 
 
 
G. 
Agreement Applies to All Restaurants Except for Restaurants Located in 
Iowa:  Each Obligor agrees that this Agreement and each Obligor’s obligations 
hereunder apply to all Restaurants that Franchisee owns or operates and amends 
each applicable Franchise Agreement accordingly, with the exception that this 
Agreement does not apply to Restaurants that Franchisee owns or operates that are 
in Iowa, or in which any [Holdings] owns any direct or indirect interest, whether 
now or in the future. If Holdings causes any newly acquired or developed 
Restaurant located in a state other than Iowa to be held by a new entity, Holdings 
shall cause written notice thereof to be delivered to Franchisor and, upon such new 
entity becoming party to a Franchise Agreement, such entity shall be deemed a 
“Franchisee” for all purposes hereunder. 
 
 
H. 
Confidentiality:  Each Obligor agrees: 
 
1. 
to take all measures necessary to maintain the confidentiality, secrecy, and 
security of all Confidential Information, including establishing processes 
and procedures to prohibit and prevent the disclosure of Confidential 
Information by any of Franchisee’s directors, officers, employees, agents, 
and other representatives, and not to disclose any Confidential Information 
to any person or entity without Franchisor’s prior written approval; 
 
2. 
to not use or adapt any Confidential Information for any purpose other than 
managing Franchisee and operating Franchisee’s business; 
 
3. 
that Franchisor owns and shall continue to own (a) any approved copies, 
reproductions, extracts, or derivative works of Confidential Information, 
and (b) any developments, conceptions, inventions, patents, copyrights, 
trademarks, or other intellectual property that in any way includes, is 
derived from, or is based upon Confidential Information (either in whole or 
in part, and either directly or indirectly), and that upon Franchisor’s request 
Obligors will execute and cause Franchisee to execute all assignments and 
other documents necessary to memorialize such ownership; and 
