3 
 
 
distribution of any and all sorts. Franchisee’s rights granted in this Agreement are expressly made 
subject to the existing rights of third-party franchisees, including, but not limited to, Taco Bell restaurant 
registrations for new builds, successors, offset, scrape, and remodels and to currently open Taco Bell 
restaurants.  
 
7. DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE, RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.  Subject to the terms and conditions 
herein, Franchisee will have the obligation to execute a Franchise Agreement for and to commence 
operations of a New Restaurant within the Development Location according to the Development 
Schedule. The exact locations of each New Restaurant within the Development Location are subject 
to Taco Bell’s express written approval.   
 
A New Restaurant will be considered timely developed if: (i) the New Restaurant is within the 
Development Location; (ii) the New Restaurant is opened for continuous operation by the Opening 
Date specified in Schedule A; (iii) the Franchise Agreement has been signed by Franchisee and Taco 
Bell for the New Restaurant; (iv) the initial franchise fee has been paid; and (v) the New Restaurant is 
operating in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Franchisee agrees to use its 
commercially reasonable efforts and to take all steps and actions to fully and timely satisfy its 
development obligation.  Failure to meet any deadline set out in Schedule “A” shall cause the monetary 
sums set forth in paragraph 8 to be due and payable to Taco Bell immediately and without demand. 
 
8. PAST DUE DEVELOPMENT FEE. Franchisee shall pay Taco Bell an initial franchise fee of $45,000 
for each New Restaurant, $10,000 of which is payable upon registration and the balance of which is 
due upon such New Restaurant’s groundbreak.  
 
Further, Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that Taco Bell would be significantly damaged if Franchisee 
failed to timely and fully meet its Development Schedule as outlined in Schedule A. Franchisee and 
Taco Bell also agree that measuring the precise amount of this damage would be difficult and costly. 
Instead of a precise damages calculation, Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that the fees set out below 
are a fair and reasonable approximation of what Taco Bell’s damages would be. Accordingly, 
Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that Franchisee shall immediately pay to Taco Bell, without demand, 
the fees set out in subparagraphs A and B below for each such New Restaurant that is not timely and 
fully satisfied:    
 
A.   Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000) within five (5) calendar days of the last day of the relevant   
Time Period.  This payment will be credited toward the initial franchise fee for the applicable New 
Restaurant so long as the New Restaurant is opened to the public by the Opening Date of the last 
Time Period as set forth in Schedule A. This payment will not be credited toward the initial fee for 
any other restaurant and is non-refundable.    
 
B.   For each New Restaurant that is not developed on or before the Opening Date Franchisee agrees 
to pay to Taco Bell $4,231 (“Period Sum”) for each four- or five-week accounting period of Taco 
Bell’s pertinent financial calendar (“Accounting Period”) starting on the Opening Date.  Each 
payment of a Period Sum shall be made by Franchisee within seven (7) days after the last day of 
that Accounting Period to which it applies. For each New Restaurant not opened on or before the 
Opening Date, the Period Sum shall be paid by Franchisee until the earlier of i) the date that the 
New Restaurant actually opens in such Development Location or ii) 10 years after the Opening 
Date. For each New Restaurant opened in the middle of an Accounting Period, Franchisee shall 
pay a pro-rated Period Sum for that portion of the Accounting Period occurring after the New 
Restaurant’s opening. Franchisee shall not be entitled to a reimbursement of any amount paid as 
a Period Sum.  
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee will not be liable to Taco Bell for any Period Sum to the 
extent that Franchisee’s failure to meet the development schedule for any New Restaurant resulted 
directly from a Force Majeure Event provided that any delay resulting from a Force Majeure Event 
shall extend performance, and suspend Franchisee’s payment of any Period Sum, only so long as, 
and to the extent that, Franchisee’s performance is prevented by such Force Majeure Event. The 
foregoing extension shall not exceed six (6) months for any given New Restaurant.  Further, to be 
