 
 
authority, or when legal title to the Premises shall vest in the appropriating or condemning 
authority, whichever shall first occur. 
 
14.2  Partial Taking. In the event that only a part of the Premises is appropriated or 
condemned and (i) the part so taken includes the building or any part thereof, or (ii) the taking 
results in insufficient parking spaces to meet the applicable parking code requirements and 
Landlord is unable to provide a variance to such code requirements or otherwise provide 
substitute parking spaces therefore that are in close proximity to the Premises and acceptable 
to Tenant in its reasonable discretion, or (iii) such partial taking results in cutting off direct access 
from the Premises to any adjacent or contiguous public street or highway and Landlord is unable 
to secure alternative access rights via a private right of way, then, and in any such event, Tenant, 
at any time either prior to or within a period of sixty (60) days after the date when possession of 
the Premises so taken shall be required by the appropriating or condemning authority, may elect 
to terminate this Lease.  
 
In the event Tenant shall fail to exercise such option to terminate this Lease, or in the 
event that a part of the Premises shall be taken or condemned under circumstances in which 
Tenant shall have no option to terminate this Lease, then in either such event this Lease shall 
continue in full force and effect and shall terminate only as to that part of the Premises so taken. 
In such event, the Rent required to be paid under Section 3 hereof, shall be reduced, as of the 
date when possession of the Premises shall be required by the appropriating or condemning 
authority, by an equitable amount but not more than a proportionate amount equal to the 
proportion that the area of the part so taken bears to the total area of the Premises. In the event 
that Tenant elects to stay in operation and the building is partially taken, Tenant agrees to rebuild 
and/or make needed repairs at its sole cost. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, 
Landlord shall have no responsibility to restore or rebuild the Premises. 
 
14.3 
All compensation awarded or paid as a result of a total or partial condemnation 
and allocable to the Premises shall be distributed in accordance with the laws and ordinances 
of the State in which the Premises are situated; however, any award attributable to the Premises 
shall be allocated and paid to Landlord and Tenant in the following order of priority: (a) to 
Landlord for the Unamortized Cost of Landlord's Building and Improvements (as defined herein); 
(b) to Landlord for the value of its reversionary interest in the Premises; (c) to Tenant for its 
relocation expenses; and (d) the remainder to Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant 
shall have the right to pursue compensation for Tenant's loss of business and goodwill. The 
“Unamortized Cost of Landlord's Building and Improvements” as used herein means that portion 
of all costs of developing and constructing Landlord's Building and Improvements which, if 
amortized on a straight line basis over the Term, has not been recovered by Landlord as of the 
date of the Condemnation. Tenant shall not be entitled to any portion of an award attributable to 
the land or the building, to other property in the shopping center (if applicable), including 
Common Area or in excess of any award to which Landlord may be entitled under any other 
ground leases. A taking by eminent domain or condemnation shall include a sale or dedication 
in lieu thereof. 
 
15. 
ASSIGNMENT, SUBLEASING & HYPOTHECATION 
 
15.1   (a) Tenant shall not, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or otherwise: (i) 
assign or otherwise transfer any of its interest in this Lease or the Premises, in any manner, nor 
(ii) sublet, license or permit occupancy by any other person of any portion of the Premises (all 
of the foregoing are collectively called a “Transfer”), without obtaining on each occasion the prior 
