 
 
 
 
 
5 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
in an online platform, which we call “OneSource”. We will provide OneSource to you via electronic access 
to a confidential OneSource website, which also contains our on-line training courses. You agree that it is 
your responsibility to provide access to OneSource to those of your employees (but no other persons) for 
whom we intend to have access to OneSource.  Your failure to follow the System standards contained in 
OneSource is a breach of the License Agreement.  
 
 
We may periodically revise and update OneSource or the System as we deem advisable, and with 
each revision, you must follow OneSource or the System as it is revised. The revisions may have the effect 
of requiring you, without your consent, to alter fundamentally the way in which you operate your Unit. 
 
A number of factors increase the business risk to the successful operation of Units over and above 
the competition from other dining facilities. For instance, the Express Units that are located within larger 
facilities are especially dependent for their own success upon the continued successful operation of the 
larger facilities. We give no assurance that a Unit will be successful, yield positive cash flow, or operate at 
a profit. 
 
In some cases, we or our predecessor have authorized our licensees to sell products of an affiliated 
quick service restaurant concept (e.g., KFC or Pizza Hut), from an Express Unit, which unit is commonly 
known as a 2n1or 3n1. We no longer offer new 2n1 or 3n1 new unit development. Should you be approved 
to purchase from us or an affiliate an existing KT Unit, 2n1 or 3n1 you will be required to sign the then-
current form of license agreement or franchise agreement for the Taco Bell portion of the Unit. Franchise 
agreements are offered under and described in a separate franchise disclosure document.  
 
In the event you choose to close the Unit prior to the expiration of the full 10-year initial term, you 
must pay to us the initial license fee and refund any cash incentive that you may have received from us.   
 
Competition and Regulation 
 
 
The foodservice industry in which Units compete is characterized by rigorous competition. The 
foodservice industry is sensitive to economic upturns and downturns and to many other factors both within 
and beyond the control of restaurant operators, e.g., ingredient and capital costs and the availability of labor 
and supplies. The skill and acumen of the restaurant’s operator and staff are critically important. Many 
ventures fail.  
 
 
The Units operated by us and/or our affiliates, and the Units operated by you compete directly for 
business with virtually all other forms of consumer dining facilities, with other Mexican-style restaurants 
(both quick-service and other), with other non-Mexican quick-service restaurants, and with traditional 
restaurants of all types. In general, all Units, including Express Units, also compete with grocers and the 
sellers of food that is intended to be prepared and eaten at home.  
 
 
 The Units also compete with facilities operated or franchised by YUM’s other food service 
concepts, KFC, Pizza Hut and HBG. Periodically, KFC, Pizza Hut and HBG share information with each 
other and with us about these businesses that may not be available to you or to the general public. 
 
 
 
The License Agreement does not provide territorial protection or exclusivity for you, although we 
may grant such rights in separate transactions or by policy on a temporary basis. If you also own Traditional 
Units as described above, our Integrated Expansion Policy describes conditions that in some instances could 
limit or restrict site registrations and restaurant development. Granting a license does not imply that we will 
grant additional licenses to you. Except as stated above, we may establish additional Units anyplace, use 
the Trademarks anywhere in other ways that may compete with Units operated by you, and establish Units 
that have the effect of reducing the sales or profits of Units operated by you. Likewise, KFC, Pizza Hut, 
