 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letter Agreement 
payment of the Lender under the Loan Agreement, and postponed until the Lender has been paid 
in full for all amounts owing to it under the Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such 
subordination shall not apply to any rights of the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates under any 
Franchise Agreement, including any rights to payment, fees or other amounts under any such 
Franchise Agreement. 
9. 
The Lender, the Borrower and each Franchisee Guarantor each acknowledge and 
agree that, in accordance with the Guarantor’s long-standing policy, the Guarantor will not permit 
the encumbrance of any direct or indirect beneficial or legal ownership interest in (i) the Borrower 
(except for the ownership interest of any Franchisee Guarantor), (ii) the Franchise Agreement, or 
(iii) any rights licensed to the Borrower by the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates (including, without 
limitation, intellectual property rights).  Subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement, however, 
the Guarantor will permit the Lender to cure any monetary defaults by the Borrower under the 
Franchise Agreement; provided the Lender cures any such monetary defaults within the time 
provided under the Franchise Agreement and applicable law, if any.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to limit, in any way, the Guarantor’s 
rights under the Franchise Agreement, including relating to the transfer or disposition of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
10. 
The Lender agrees that if, at any time after a default under the Loan Agreement, the 
Lender elects to transfer any of the owned properties or any lease or sublease related to any 
Restaurant to a third party for any use other than as a [Brand] restaurant, in addition to the 
requirements of Section 6 hereof, the Guarantor will have a prior right to acquire the affected 
properties on the same terms and conditions as those agreed to between the Lender and the third 
party.  If the Lender reaches agreement with a third party regarding transfer, the Lender shall notify 
the Guarantor in a writing that describes the location of the property, the interest proposed to be 
transferred, and the terms of the transfer.  Within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written notice 
from the Lender, the Guarantor may elect, in its sole discretion, to acquire the affected properties 
on the same terms agreed upon between the Lender and the third party. 
11. 
Any breach by Borrower or failure by Borrower to comply with this Letter 
Agreement shall constitute a default under the Franchise Agreements for all the Restaurants. 
12. 
Any notices and demands under this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and 
delivered to the intended party by hand-delivery or overnight courier service, mailed by certified 
or registered mail, or sent by e-mail, as follows: 
(a) 
if to the Guarantor, in accordance with Section 9 of the Guaranty; 
(b) 
if to the Lender, in accordance with Section 9 of the Guaranty; 
(c) 
if to the Borrower, [address, e-mail address]; and 
(d) 
if to a Franchisee Guarantor, [address, e-mail address]; 
13. 
The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Letter Agreement and any 
dispute arising hereunder, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by the 
