 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letter Agreement 
corporation, as applicable, in each jurisdiction in which one or more Restaurants are 
located.  The Borrower is a single purpose entity, the primary purpose of which is to own, 
operate and develop [Brand] Restaurants; 
(b) 
each of the Borrower and each Franchisee Guarantor has the requisite power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Letter Agreement, the 
Loan Agreement, the Franchisee Guaranty (as defined below) and any other related 
document, as applicable.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and 
each Franchisee Guarantor of this Letter Agreement and all other documents and 
instruments executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Franchisee Guarantor 
relating to this Letter Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or 
other similar action.  This Letter Agreement and all other documents and instruments 
executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Franchisee Guarantor relating to this 
Letter Agreement constitute valid and binding obligations of the Borrower and each 
Franchisee Guarantor and are enforceable against the Borrower and each Franchisee 
Guarantor in accordance with their terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by 
the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium 
and other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and the effects of 
general principles of equity, whether applied by a court of law or equity; 
(c) 
the Borrower is not in default under any debt instrument, supply agreement or other 
material agreement.  Neither the Borrower nor any of its Affiliates is in breach of any term 
of any franchise, license or other agreements with the Guarantor, its Affiliates or any Yum! 
Brands Concept nor does there exist any condition or conditions that, with the giving of 
notice, the passage of time, or both, would result in a default thereunder; and 
(d) 
neither the Borrower nor any Franchisee Guarantor have knowledge of any existing 
default or breach by the Guarantor, or any Yum! Brands Concept under the terms of any 
contract to which they are party or any other claim for liability or damages against the 
Guarantor, or any Yum! Brands Concept. 
2. 
The Borrower and each Franchisee Guarantor, as applicable, covenant to the 
following: 
(a) 
the sole legal purpose of the Borrower will be to acquire, operate and own [Brand] 
restaurants.  The Borrower will not own interests of any kind in any other business of any 
kind unless it first obtains the express written consent of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
each Franchisee Guarantor shall execute and deliver, and the Borrower shall cause 
each Franchisee Guarantor to execute and deliver, to the Guarantor at or prior to [_______, 
2023], or at any time after [________, 2023] that any person becomes a Franchisee 
Guarantor, a guaranty substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the “Franchisee 
Guaranty”), pursuant to which, among other things, each Franchisee Guarantor shall 
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower hereunder.  Whenever this Letter Agreement 
requires the Borrower to take any action, such requirement shall be deemed to include an 
