TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
9 
trust account and relate to an interest reserve required under the indenture as described in Note 5.  This 
balance is deposited at one financial institution and exceeds amounts federally insured.  The Company 
has not experienced losses in such account and management believes the Company mitigates its risk by 
utilizing a major financial institution. 
(e) Accounts Receivable 
The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its third-
party franchisees as a result of franchise agreements.  Trade receivables consisting of royalties from third-
party franchisees are classified as Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts in the 
Balance Sheets. Receivables consisting of royalties from stores operated by TBC and its affiliate entity 
Taco Bell of America, LLC (“TBA”) under master franchise agreements as described in Note 4 are 
classified as Due from affiliates in the Balance Sheets. Trade receivables from third party franchisees and 
affiliates are generally due on or before the 5th business day immediately following the accounting period 
in which the sales were made.  Expected credit losses for uncollectible franchisee receivable balances 
consider both current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions.  Current 
conditions considered include pre-defined aging criteria as well as specified events that indicate the 
Company may not collect the balance due.  Reasonable and supportable forecasts used in determining 
the probability of future collection consider publicly available data regarding default probability.  While the 
best information available is used in making a determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables 
is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond the Company’s 
control.  Trade accounts receivable that are ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, and for which collection 
efforts have been exhausted, are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts.  Write-offs in 
2024, 2023 and 2022 were insignificant. 
(f) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
The carrying amount of accounts receivable and restricted cash and cash equivalents approximate fair 
value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 
(g) Franchise and License Operations 
The Company executes franchise agreements for units operated by third parties as well as for its affiliated 
entities, TBC and TBA, under master franchise agreements described in Note 4. Such agreements set out 
the terms of the arrangement with the franchisee.  The franchise agreements typically require the 
franchisee to pay an initial, non-refundable fee and continuing fees based upon a percentage of sales. The 
franchise agreement does not afford franchisees any right to renew the same, or to obtain a successor 
franchise agreement, following expiration.  At the end of the franchise agreement term, a franchisee may 
request a successor franchise agreement, which TBC as manager may grant at its sole discretion. 
Additionally, the Company offers cash and other incentives from time-to-time to qualifying franchisees 
under various franchise incentive programs.  Such programs include but are not limited to cash to incent 
franchisees to open certain types of new restaurants and offering free or subsidized restaurant equipment. 
(h) Revenue Recognition 
Below is a discussion of how our revenues are earned, our accounting policies pertaining to revenue 
recognition under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“Topic 606”) and other 
required disclosures. 
Franchise and License Fees 
The Company’s most significant source of revenues arises from the operation of stores by its third-party 
franchisees and affiliated entities.  Franchise rights may be granted through a store-level franchise 
agreement or a master franchise agreement that sets out the terms of our arrangement with the franchisee.  
