 
 
collected. Landlord shall have the right to sue for and collect the amount which may be due from 
Tenant pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph at the expiration of each month (or several 
months), and Tenant expressly agrees that any such suit shall not be a bar to or prejudice in 
any way the rights of Landlord to enforce the collection of the amount due at the end of any 
subsequent month or months by a like or similar proceeding. The words "re-entry" and "re-enter" 
shall not be construed or limited to their strict legal meaning. 
 
19.5   The rights of Landlord specifically set forth under this Section are not exclusive 
and shall be cumulative to all other rights or remedies now or hereafter given to Landlord by law 
or by the terms of this Lease. 
 
19.6    Nothing in this Section affects the right of Landlord to equitable relief where such 
relief is appropriate, with the exception that Landlord shall have the right to seek or obtain 
Tenant's specific performance which would thereby serve to compel Tenant to consummate this 
Lease and thereby prejudice Tenant's rights of termination granted under this Lease.  Nothing 
in this Section affects the rights of the parties under statutory provisions relating to actions for 
unlawful detainer, forcible entry and forcible detainer. 
 
19.7  Prior to taking any actions permitted hereunder or otherwise at law or in equity, 
Landlord acknowledges and agrees to give Franchisor a copy of any and all notices of default 
given to Tenant, as required to be given by Landlord to Tenant under the terms of the Lease, at 
the same time such notice is given to Tenant. Within fifteen (15) days after Tenant's right to cure 
expires, Franchisor or any affiliate thereof shall have the right but not the obligation, to cure any 
such default. 
 
19.8  Landlord Default - In the event of default on the part of Landlord remaining uncured 
thirty (30) days after written notice thereof given in writing by Tenant to Landlord, provided, that 
as to any default not practicably curable within said thirty (30) day period, Landlord shall not be 
deemed in default if within said thirty (30) days Landlord commences the cure and thereafter 
diligently prosecutes the cure to completion. Tenant’s sole remedy shall be to cure such default 
or defaults for the account of Landlord, and the cost to Tenant thereof plus those Charges as 
set forth in Section 36 which shall be payable to Tenant on demand. Should Landlord fail to 
reimburse Tenant within thirty (30) days of written demand, Tenant may offset said amount 
against Rent until reimbursed in full. Further, in the case of a final, non-appealable judgment in 
favor of the Tenant which is still not cured within thirty (30) days, provided that the default is 
practicably curable within such time, then Tenant may offset against Rent to satisfy the 
judgment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event may Tenant 
be permitted to terminate this Lease due to any alleged Landlord default nor shall Landlord be 
liable to Tenant for loss of business or consequential damages, unless caused by the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the defaulting party.  
 
20. 
NOTICES 
 
All notices required or allowed in this Lease shall be in writing and shall be sent to the 
addresses shown below. A party may change its address for notice by giving notice to the other 
party. Notices shall be in writing and delivered by a receipted overnight delivery service, or U.S. 
Mail sent certified with return receipt requested. Notices are effective on the earlier of the date 
received, the date of the delivery receipt, or the third day after postmark, as applicable, during 
normal business hours and addressed to addressee at the appropriate address set forth below: 
 
If to Landlord: 
 
