2 
 
 
(v) embargoes or blockades, (vi) national or regional emergency, (vii) strikes or labor 
stoppages, (viii) epidemics and pandemics, or (ix) any System Adverse Event2; provided that 
none of the following events shall constitute a Force Majeure Event: (1) any current or 
foreseeable event in connection with an epidemic or pandemic (including the COVID-19 
pandemic), (2) any current or foreseeable supply chain issue, including the delay or 
unavailability related thereto or (3) a flood, fire, explosion or similar event that does not affect 
the development of such New Restaurant. 
 
E. 
“Franchise Agreement” shall mean and refer to the then-current franchise agreement form that 
Taco Bell issues for its traditional restaurants or the then-current license agreement form that 
Taco Bell issues for its non-traditional or “Express” restaurants, as is appropriate.  
 
F. 
“New Restaurant” means a newly constructed freestanding or inline Taco Bell restaurant. For 
purposes of this Agreement and the Development Schedule, a New Restaurant shall not 
include any of the following:  (i) multi-brand units; (ii) Taco Bell restaurants which, according 
to Taco Bell’s successor guidelines are successor units to existing restaurants; or (iii) any 
Taco Bell restaurant for which Franchisee receives any type of financial or other type of 
incentive, including, but not limited to, the National Incentive or other published incentive, 
unless as specifically permitted in Schedule A below; (iv) Acquired Restaurants.  
 
G. 
“Net New Restaurant(s)” means the number of New Restaurants that Franchisee opens to the 
public in a specified Time Period minus the number of Taco Bell restaurants that Franchisee 
permanently closes during the same Time Period. Net New Restaurants do not include Taco 
Bell restaurants that are open before the beginning of the specified Time Period or Taco Bell 
restaurants that are opened after the end of the specified Time Period. When assessing 
whether the Development Schedule has been met, Taco Bell shall take into account the 
number of Net New Restaurants opened during a Time Period. 
   
H. 
“Opening Date” as used herein means the last day of the Time Period in which the New 
Restaurant is to be opened to the public for business. 
 
4. 
APPROVAL AND QUALIFICATION OF SITES.  Each New Restaurant to be developed hereunder 
shall be subject to Taco Bell’s prior express written approval in accordance with Taco Bell's then- 
current standard procedures for site approval, including with respect to architectural and design 
standards, and will be operated pursuant to a Franchise Agreement on Taco Bell’s then-current 
standard form for new, free-standing or inline restaurants, as applicable, to be issued to Franchisee 
prior to opening the New Restaurant. Franchisee agrees to abide by and faithfully adhere to the terms 
of the Franchise Agreement for each New Restaurant. 
 
5. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE. Franchisee’s timely performance of its obligations under this 
 
Agreement is of material importance and is of the essence to this Agreement.  
 
6. NO EXCLUSIVITY. There is no exclusivity granted to Franchisee by this Agreement. Taco Bell 
expressly reserves for its own use and the use of others all rights to use and develop any Taco Bell 
restaurants in its sole discretion. Such reservation of rights includes the right to use, develop and/or 
transfer any Taco Bell restaurant and other operations, products, services, methods, and points of 
 
2 System Adverse Event means any event or occurrence or combination of events or occurrences caused by Taco Bell or 
its affiliate(s) that has a material adverse economic effect (such as a material adverse economic effect on EBITDA) on a 
significant number of Taco Bell franchisees, including Franchisee. For the avoidance of doubt, a System Adverse Event 
must be caused by Taco Bell or its affiliate(s) and none of the following (and no effect arising out of or resulting from any 
of the following) shall, either alone or in combination, constitute or be taken into account in determining whether a System 
Adverse Effect has occurred: (a) general economic, business, political, industry, trade or credit, financial or capital market 
conditions (whether in the United States or internationally), including any conditions affecting generally the industries or 
markets in which Franchisee  operates; (b) earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods, acts of God and other force majeure 
events; (c) disease outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic); (d) acts of war, civil unrest, 
terrorism and military actions; (e) any changes in general legal, regulatory, trade or political conditions; and (f) strikes, 
slowdowns or work stoppages. 
