 
e) 
Applicant will require all persons under his/her control who may come into contact with 
any of the Confidential Information, including all persons to whom Applicant may deliver 
documents and materials as a necessary part of achieving the purposes set forth above, 
to undertake in writing the same obligations of confidence imposed upon Applicant by 
this Confidentiality Agreement; 
 
f) 
Applicant will not advise others that any of the Confidential Information is known to or 
used by Taco Bell or Applicant or others associated with either party; and 
 
g) 
Applicant will not disclose to any third party any business plan of Taco Bell revealed for 
the purpose set forth above or the nature or extent of the association between Applicant 
and Taco Bell. 
 
4. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3, Applicant shall not be more burdened against use of 
information from public sources than he/she would otherwise have been had he/she not received 
the disclosure of such Confidential Information.  Furthermore, Taco Bell agrees that Applicant is 
as free as any third party to use the publicly available information which a third party would learn 
of through legal means, appreciate the value of and use without any initiative suggested by the 
disclosure by Taco Bell hereunder. 
 
5. 
Applicant agrees that he/she will be completely responsible for maintaining the secrecy and 
confidentiality of the Confidential Information disclosed to him/her and will be responsible in this 
regard for the actions and activities of all of Applicant’s agents, employees and designees working 
with any of the Confidential Information, and Applicant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless 
Taco Bell from all damages and expense (including attorneys' fees) which Taco Bell may sustain 
as a result of any unauthorized disclosure which can be traced to the disclosure of such 
Confidential Information to Applicant hereunder. 
 
6. 
Applicant agrees that all documents and other materials containing Confidential Information 
delivered to him/her by Taco Bell and all reproductions, translations and presentations thereof 
shall at all times be and remain the property of Taco Bell and that the same will be delivered 
immediately to Taco Bell upon demand at any time. 
 
7. 
Applicant acknowledges and agrees that the unauthorized use or disclosure of any Confidential 
Information in violation of this Confidentiality Agreement will cause severe and irreparable 
damage to Taco Bell.  In the event of any violation of this Confidentiality Agreement, Applicant 
agrees that Taco Bell shall be authorized and entitled to obtain from any court of competent 
jurisdiction preliminary and/or injunctive relief, as well as any other relief permitted by applicable 
law.   
 
8. 
If Applicant does not enter into a franchise relationship with Taco Bell, or upon Taco Bell’s request, 
Applicant will promptly return to Taco Bell or destroy all Confidential Information and retain no 
copies thereof. 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto through their authorized signatories have executed this 
Applicant Confidentiality Agreement as indicated below. 
 
Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC 
 
 
 
Applicant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
