10 
750030713 
of Franchisor’s exercise of its Option, then Franchisor may (in its sole discretion) 
rescind its exercise of the Option or require that the purchase occur as set forth in 
Exhibit C attached hereto. The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
close any acquisition contemplated hereby within sixty (60) days from the date of 
the determination of Fair Market Value. In the event that Franchisor exercises its 
Option pursuant to this Section II(L), the guarantees in support of the Franchise 
Agreements shall continue in full force and effect with respect to all obligations 
guaranteed thereby due to Franchisor.  
 
 
M. 
Acquisition and Development:  Each Obligor hereby represents and warrants that 
it is acquiring direct or indirect interests in the Restaurants for investment purposes, 
with the purpose of seeking to improve the operations of the Restaurants, and to 
develop new Taco Bell branded restaurants, and not with a view toward acquiring 
additional existing Taco Bell branded restaurants. Each Obligor understands and 
acknowledges that any acquisition of an existing Taco Bell branded restaurant shall 
be subject to the prior written approval of Franchisor, which may be granted or 
withheld in Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Except with the prior written approval of 
Franchisor (which may be granted or withheld in Franchisor’s sole discretion), each 
Obligor covenants that it will not (and will cause its subsidiaries and Franchisee not 
to) enter into any agreement (including letter of intent or similar agreement) or 
make or accept any offer (including any non-binding or preliminary offer or 
indication of interest) to, or otherwise agree to, or undertake any negotiations with 
a view to, acquire existing Taco Bell branded restaurants from any party.  In 
addition, each Obligor agrees, in connection with any discussion regarding any 
possible acquisition of existing Taco Bell branded restaurants, that it will notify 
such other person or entity of the restrictions set forth in this Section II(M).  
 
 
N. 
2[System.  Each Obligor represents to Franchisor that Franchisee has installed and 
participates in the e-Restaurant program (the “BOH System”), and that the BOH 
System is fully installed in each of the Restaurants.  Each Obligor acknowledges 
and agrees that Franchisee shall be required to use and maintain the BOH System 
at each of the Restaurants for at least twenty-four (24) months after the date the 
BOH System was installed at each such Restaurant. In the event that Franchisee 
fails to install, use or maintain the BOH System in all of the Restaurants, Franchisee 
shall be subject to a penalty in the amount of $60,000.00, without deduction or set-
off for any number of installations or partial compliance, which amount in whole 
represents both a penalty and liquidated damages to Franchisor for such non-
compliance. Further, such non-compliance shall constitute a default under each of 
the Franchise Agreements with respect to the Restaurants, without regard to any 
partial compliance at the respective Restaurant.] 
 
O. 
Board of Managers: Any person who is appointed to the board of directors or 
board of managers (or similar governing body or advisory board), as applicable, of 
 
2 Note: To be deleted if the Restaurants already participate in the e-Restaurant program. 
