considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
With respect to licenses governed by Minnesota law, the Licensor will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 
5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that a licensee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) 
and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the license agreement. 
 
3. 
Section 16.3 of the Agreement, "Applicable Law," shall be supplemented by the following sentence which shall be considered 
an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted outside 
Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the offering circular or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for 
in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction 
 
4. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
To the extent this Amendment shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of said License Agreement or Exhibits 
or Attachments thereto, the terms of this Amendment shall govern. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Amendment to the License Agreement on the same 
day and year that the License Agreement has been executed. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
 
