 
5 
 
 
Guaranty Agreement 
inconvertibility or nontransferability arising from governmental, legislative or executive measures 
affecting Borrower or the property of Borrower; (v) the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
liquidation of Borrower or the appointment of a trustee, custodian, receiver or liquidator of all or any 
substantial part of the assets of Borrower; (vi) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of 
all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (vii) any change in the name, constitution or capacity of 
Lender or Borrower.  Guarantor waives Guarantor’s right to assert those defenses, set-offs, or 
counterclaims in any litigation or other proceeding relating to Guaranteed Obligations, except as 
provided herein. 
8. 
Governing Law; Choice of Forum; Service of Process; Jury Trial Waiver. 
(a) 
The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Guaranty and any dispute arising 
hereunder, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by the internal laws 
of the State of New York but excluding any principles of conflicts of law or other rule of law 
that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State 
of New York and further excluding any application of the New York Franchise Act if said 
statute would not by its terms otherwise apply. 
(b) 
The parties hereto hereby irrevocably consent and submit to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of 
New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and 
waive any objection based on venue or forum non conveniens with respect to any action 
instituted therein arising under this Guaranty or the Loan Agreement or any other Loan 
documents or in any way connected with or related or incidental to the dealings of the 
Guarantor and the Lender in respect of this Guaranty or any of the Loan Agreement or any 
other loan documents or the transactions related hereto or thereto, in each case whether now 
existing or hereafter arising and whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, and agrees that 
any dispute with respect to any such matters shall be heard only in the courts described above. 
(c) 
Each of the parties hereto hereby waives personal service of any and all process upon 
it and consents that all such service of process may be made by certified mail (return receipt 
requested) directed to its address set forth herein and service so made shall be deemed to be 
completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the U.S. mails or by 
service upon such party in any other manner provided under the rules of any such courts. 
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES 
ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE IN ANY ACTION 
OR PROCEEDING, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS 
GUARANTY OR ANY GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS. 
9. 
Notices.  Any notices and demands under this Guaranty shall be in writing and 
delivered to the intended party by hand-delivery or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or 
registered mail, or sent by e-mail, as follows: 
(a) 
if to Guarantor, to it at: 
__________________________ 
