750030713 
which Franchisor (or its affiliate) is a party relating to Franchisee or 
any Restaurants. 
o Franchisee may use any of the add-backs to EBITDA for any of the non-operating 
expenses set forth on Exhibit B-1. In addition to any other information that 
Franchisor reasonably requests, Franchisee shall provide all relevant financial 
information and other supporting documentation with respect thereto. 
 
• 
FCCR:  Annualized Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Rent, 
divided by Annualized Interest + Scheduled Debt Amortization + Assumed Principal 
Payments on Revolving Balances and Lines of Credit + Annualized Rent Expense. 
 
• 
Clarification of FCCR Terms: 
 
o The term “Annualized” means EBITDAR (and any other applicable term) is 
projected for partial year performance for any Restaurants that were either (i) closed 
for reasons approved and permitted by Franchisor or (ii) had an initial opening at 
any point during the applicable accounting period. 
 
o The term “Scheduled Debt Amortization” means, for any period, the greater of (i) 
the actual principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money that becomes due 
and payable during such period (exclusive of any such principal amount that 
becomes due and payable upon maturity (whether accelerated or otherwise) as part 
of a “bullet” payment obligation on indebtedness that is not fully amortizing) and 
(ii) the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money that would become 
due and payable during such period if such indebtedness was a term loan of equal 
initial principal amount and interest rate that fully amortizes over twelve (12) years. 
 
o The term “Cash Amount” means, with respect to any accounting period, an amount 
equal to the actual cash on the balance sheet of Franchisee at the end of such period. 
 
o Franchisor will permit management fees to be added back to EBITDA up to the 
lesser amount of (i) $2,000,000 or (ii) two percent (2%) of EBITDA, but only if the 
Cash Amount for the applicable period exceeded the product of $30,000 multiplied 
by the number of Restaurants owned by Franchisee at the end of such period. 
 
o Franchisee may use any of the add-backs to EBITDA for any of the non-operating 
expenses set forth on Exhibit B-1. In addition to any other information that 
Franchisor reasonably requests, Franchisee shall provide all relevant financial 
information and other supporting documentation with respect thereto. 
 
