 
 
prorated on the basis of a thirty (30) day month. If the Commencement Date is other than the 
first day of the month, then on the Commencement Date Tenant shall pay the Rent for the period 
from the Commencement Date until the first day of the first full calendar month after the 
Commencement Date. 
 
3.3    All Rent and other sums that Tenant is required to pay Landlord under the terms of this 
Lease are to be sent to Landlord at: [Select appropriate brand] 
 
PHI 
PO Box 955641 
St. Louis, MO 63195-5641 
 
Taco Bell 
PO Box 203770 
Dallas, TX 75320-3770 
 
KFC 
PO Box 203805 
Dallas, TX 75320-3805 
 
Telephone: 502.874.1000 
Email: lease.accounting@yum.com 
 
Ref: Store Number: ____________ or such other place or address or electronically, as 
may be designated by Landlord from time to time.  
 
3.4   All Rent and any other sums that Tenant is required to pay under this Lease are 
unconditional obligations of Tenant and are payable, in full, when due, without any setoff, 
abatement, deferment, deduction, or counterclaim.  Any delinquent payment (meaning any 
payment that is not made within five (5) business days after the due date) will, in addition to any 
other remedy of Landlord, be subject to the Charges as set forth in Section 36 which shall be 
deemed to be additional rent and payable to Landlord on demand.  
 
 
4. 
OPTION TO EXTEND 
 
Provided that Tenant is not in default under this Lease beyond any applicable notice and 
cure periods as of each Exercise Date (as defined herein) and as of the commencement date of 
each Extension Period (as defined herein), and for so long as Landlord is an affiliate of YUM! 
Brands, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (“YUM! Brands”) that Tenant has a valid Franchise 
Agreement from Franchisor covering the Premises for the duration of the Term and any 
Extension Period, Landlord grants to Tenant the option to extend the Term of this Lease for up 
to [four (4) additional periods of five (5) years each] (each an “Extension Period”).  This Lease 
will automatically be deemed renewed for the next Extension Period unless Tenant gives prior 
written notice to Landlord at least 12 months prior to the end of the Term or the then current 
Extension Period (the "Exercise Date") stating that Tenant elects not to extend the Term. Upon 
the commencement of each Extension Period, all provisions of this Lease shall remain in full 
force and effect, except for Extension Period(s) already exercised, and Rent, which Rent shall 
be increased to the following amounts for the years during each of the Extension Periods as 
follows: 
 
