G - 5 
750030713 
remedies under this Guaranty are cumulative and the exercise of one right or 
remedy will not limit the exercise of any other right or remedy. 
 
 
E. 
This Guaranty may be amended, modified or revised only in writing signed by 
Franchisor and Guarantors. 
 
 
F. 
This Guaranty, all relations between the parties and, any and all disputes between 
any Guarantor and Franchisor, whether such disputes sound in law, equity or 
otherwise, are to be exclusively construed in accordance with and/or governed by 
(as applicable) the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York 
(or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any 
provision of this Guaranty is not enforceable under the laws of New York, and the 
provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the greatest 
number of Restaurants (as defined in the Relationship Agreement) are located, then 
that provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted and construed under the 
laws of that state.  This Section III(F) is not intended to invoke, and shall not be 
deemed to invoke, the application of any franchise, business opportunity or similar 
law of the State of New York which would not otherwise apply by its terms 
jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within designation of governing law. The 
parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California. 
 
 
G. 
The obligations of Guarantors under this Guaranty shall be joint and several and 
shall survive the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement(s) and/or 
this Guaranty. 
 
 
H. 
Each Guarantor represents to Franchisor that: 
 
 
 
1. 
it (or he or she) has reviewed this Guaranty with the assistance of 
independent legal counsel and understands and accepts the terms and 
conditions of this Guaranty and the nature and extent of its (or his or her) 
obligations under this Guaranty; and 
 
 
 
2. 
it (or he or she) has relied upon its (or his or her) own investigations and 
judgment in entering this Guaranty and has not relied upon any 
inducements, representations or warranties other than as stated in the 
Franchise Agreements. 
 
 
[Signature Page Follows] 
 
 
