8 
750030713 
 
4. 
upon Franchisor’s demand and at its option, upon termination of the 
Franchise Agreements or an Obligor ceasing to hold a direct or indirect 
equity interest in Franchisee, to return to Franchisor or destroy all 
Confidential Information in any form (including all copies, reproductions, 
extracts, or derivative works) and certify in writing to Franchisor that the 
Obligors complied “fully and completely” with such obligation. 
 
 
I. 
Organizational Documents: Each Obligor represents and warrants to Franchisor 
that it has delivered to Franchisor as of the date hereof a true, correct and complete 
copy of its certificate of incorporation or formation or partnership (or like 
document), bylaws, partnership agreement and/or limited liability company 
agreement (and any similar document), as applicable, and that it has caused 
Franchisee to deliver to Franchisor a true, correct and complete copy of the same. 
Each Obligor understands and acknowledges that any amendment or modification 
of any such documents shall require Franchisor’s prior written consent, and no 
Obligor shall cause or permit any such amendment or modification in the absence 
of Franchisor’s prior written consent. If such consent is granted, the Obligors shall 
submit copies of such amended or modified organizational documents to Franchisor 
promptly after the amendment or modification becomes effective. 
 
 
J. 
Letter of Credit:  Franchisor acknowledges that Franchisee has delivered to 
Franchisor a letter of credit issued by [●] in the aggregate amount of $[●] (the 
“Letter of Credit”). Each Obligor acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee shall 
continue to provide the Letter of Credit during the term of this Agreement, provided 
that the amount of the Letter of Credit required hereunder may change from time 
to time in accordance with Exhibit B attached hereto. The Letter of Credit shall (1) 
name Franchisor as a beneficiary, (2) expressly allow Franchisor to draw upon it in 
any amount up to the total amount of the Letter of Credit at any time and from time 
to time in accordance with its terms by delivering to the issuer notice that 
Franchisor is entitled to draw thereunder, and (3) otherwise be in form and 
substance satisfactory to Franchisor as determined by Franchisor in its sole 
discretion. The Letter of Credit shall provide that, if any franchise fees, marketing 
fees, royalties or other financial obligations (including any indemnification 
obligations) due from Franchisee to Franchisor or its affiliate or designee are or 
become in arrears, Franchisor shall have the right and ability (but not the obligation) 
to draw down immediately on the Letter of Credit an amount equal to its good faith 
estimates of those franchise fees, marketing fees, royalties or other financial 
obligations so in arrears (provided that Franchisor shall promptly refund or 
otherwise credit to the account of Franchisee any overages). Nothing herein shall 
prevent Franchisor from drawing down additional funds in the amount of additional 
arrearages that arise in such fees, royalties or other financial obligations. In the 
event that the Letter of Credit lapses or otherwise ceases to be effective, or if the 
amount of the Letter of Credit required hereunder shall change as determined 
pursuant to Exhibit B, Obligors shall immediately cause there to be issued one or 
more substitute letters of credit on substantially identical terms or on such other 
