  
-18- 
 
 
36. 
Approval by Management.  Seller’s obligations hereunder and the terms of Purchaser’s 
financing pursuant to Section 37 are subject to written approval by senior management of Seller and YUM! 
Brands.  If such senior management does not approve the proposed transaction or such financing, Seller 
may terminate this Agreement (and all of its obligations hereunder) by delivering written notice thereof to 
Purchaser. 
 
37. 
Financing.  Purchaser and Shareholders shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
obtain financing to facilitate their purchase of the Assets; provided that Purchaser and Shareholders may 
not seek or obtain financing in excess of eighty percent (80%) of the Purchase Price plus all closing costs 
borne by Purchaser and Shareholders, the remainder being deemed equity. Neither Purchaser nor 
Shareholders shall borrow funds to meet the equity requirement set forth herein, it being understood that 
Purchaser and Shareholders shall borrow funds from its lender or otherwise only as disclosed in documents 
submitted to Seller and to TB Franchisor or its designated manager for financial approval by Seller and TB 
Franchisor or its designated manager for the transactions contemplated herein. Purchaser further agrees 
that it will not, during the first three (3) years following Closing, without the prior written consent of TB 
Franchisor or its designated manager, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, refinance or restructure 
any portion of Purchaser's debt or equity assumed or contributed in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby.  The parties agree that it shall not be unreasonable for TB Franchisor or its 
designated manager to withhold its consent if such refinancing or restructuring would result in a reduction 
of equity below the minimum level required by this Section 37. 
 
38.   Prohibition on Transfers; Right of First Offer.   
 
 
38.1 
Purchaser hereby agrees and covenants that for a five (5) year period from and 
after the Closing Date, without the prior written consent of Seller, which consent  may be  withheld by Seller 
in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion, Purchaser will not (A) transfer any of the Offered Assets (as such 
term is defined in Section 11.3 herein) owned by Purchaser, or cause or permit any of its affiliates to transfer 
any of the Offered Assets controlled by any such affiliate, to any person or entity, or (B) permit the direct or 
indirect transfer of any interest in the Purchaser, or any affiliate of the Purchaser that owns an interest 
(directly or indirectly) in any of the Offered Assets, or (C) engage in any Sale-Leaseback Transaction 
involving the Offered Assets.   
 
 
38.2 
Purchaser hereby also agrees and covenants that during the five (5) year period 
from and after the Closing Date, if Purchaser intends to sell or otherwise transfer of any or all of the Offered 
Assets (a “Resale”), Purchaser must offer in writing to Seller any or all Offered Assets that Purchaser 
purchased under this Agreement for the price paid by Purchaser under this Agreement without any 
adjustment before proposing any sale or transfer of any or all of the Offered Assets acquired under this 
Agreement to any third-party or affiliate of Purchaser (the “Right of First Offer”).  Seller shall have a 
commercially reasonable period of time, not to exceed thirty (30) days, to evaluate such offer to sell any or 
all of the Offered Assets and inspect the same and to either elect to purchase such Offered Assets or waive 
such Right of First Offer in writing.  If Seller fails to exercise such right to purchase such Offered Assets as 
identified in writing from Purchaser within said thirty (30) days, Purchaser may proceed to sell such Offered 
