 
2 
 
 
C. 
“Development Location” means the locations identified on Schedule “B” attached 
hereto. 
 
D. 
“Force Majeure Event” means any of the following events to the extent any such event 
(alone or in the aggregate) has a material adverse effect on the operations or financial 
condition of Franchisee or, in the case of the development of a New Restaurant, the 
development of such Restaurant, and in each case is beyond Franchisee’s 
reasonable control, is unforeseen and could not have been reasonably planned for, 
prevents Franchisee’s performance or the development of such New Restaurant for 
a continuous period of at least thirty (30) days, and such non-performance could not 
have been avoided with the reasonable care of Franchisee: (i) acts of God, (ii) flood, 
fire or explosion, (iii) war, invasion, riot or other civil unrest, (iv) governmental order, 
mandate, regulation or law, (v) embargoes or blockades, (vi) national or regional 
emergency, (vii) strikes or labor stoppages, (viii) epidemics and pandemics, or (ix) 
any System Adverse Event15; provided that none of the following events shall 
constitute a Force Majeure Event: (1) any current or foreseeable event in connection 
with an epidemic or pandemic (including the COVID-19 pandemic), (2) any current or 
foreseeable supply chain issue, including the delay or unavailability related thereto or 
(3) a flood, fire, explosion or similar event that does not affect the development of 
such New Restaurant. 
 
E. 
“Franchise Agreement” shall mean and refer to the then-current franchise agreement 
form that Taco Bell issues for its traditional restaurants or the then-current license 
agreement form that Taco Bell issues for its non-traditional or “Express” restaurants, 
as is appropriate.  
 
F. 
“New Restaurant” means a newly constructed freestanding or inline Taco Bell 
restaurant. For purposes of this Agreement and the Development Schedule, a New 
Restaurant shall not include any of the following:  (i) multi-brand units; (ii) Taco Bell 
restaurants which, according to Taco Bell’s successor guidelines are successor units 
to existing restaurants; or (iii) any Taco Bell restaurant for which Franchisee receives 
any type of financial or other type of incentive, including, but not limited to, the 
National Incentive or other published incentive, unless as specifically permitted in 
Schedule A below; (iv) Acquired Restaurants.  
 
G. 
“Net New Restaurant(s)” means the number of New Restaurants that Franchisee 
opens to the public in a specified Time Period minus the number of Taco Bell 
restaurants that Franchisee permanently closes during the same Time Period. Net 
New Restaurants do not include Taco Bell restaurants that are open before the 
beginning of the specified Time Period or Taco Bell restaurants that are opened after 
the end of the specified Time Period. When assessing whether the Development 
 
15 System Adverse Event means any event or occurrence or combination of events or occurrences caused by Taco Bell 
or its affiliate(s) that has a material adverse economic effect (such as a material adverse economic effect on EBITDA) on 
a significant number of Taco Bell franchisees, including Franchisee. For the avoidance of doubt, a System Adverse Event 
must be caused by Taco Bell or its affiliate(s) and none of the following (and no effect arising out of or resulting from any 
of the following) shall, either alone or in combination, constitute or be taken into account in determining whether a System 
Adverse Effect has occurred: (a) general economic, business, political, industry, trade or credit, financial or capital market 
conditions (whether in the United States or internationally), including any conditions affecting generally the industries or 
markets in which Franchisee  operates; (b) earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods, acts of God and other force majeure 
events; (c) disease outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic); (d) acts of war, civil unrest, 
terrorism and military actions; (e) any changes in general legal, regulatory, trade or political conditions; and (f) strikes, 
slowdowns or work stoppages. 
