 
 
in value of the Premises, damages for the loss or restriction on use of rentable or usable space 
or of any amenity of the Premises, and sums paid in settlement of claims, attorneys' fees, 
consultant fees and expert fees) which arise during or after the term of this Lease (as may be 
extended) (collectively, “Environmental Losses”)  which Landlord may incur:  (i) by reason of 
Tenant 's actions or non-actions with respect to its obligations hereunder and/or (ii) as a result 
of any release, spill or discharge (individually and collectively referred to in this Lease as a 
"Release") of any Hazardous Materials caused by Tenant, its agents, employees and 
contractors, during the Term.  Tenant’s indemnification of Landlord Tenant includes, without 
limitation, costs incurred in connection with any investigation of site conditions or any cleanup, 
remedial, removal or restoration work required by any federal, state or local governmental 
agency or political subdivision because of Hazardous Material present in the soil or ground water 
on or under the Premises and/or other real property. Without limiting the foregoing, if the 
presence of any Hazardous Material results in any contamination of the Premises and/or other 
real property, Tenant shall promptly take all actions at its sole expense as are necessary to 
return the Premises and/or such other real property to the condition existing prior to the 
introduction of any such Hazardous Material.  
 
30.2  "Hazardous Material" shall mean any hazardous or toxic substance, material or 
waste which is or becomes regulated by any local governmental authority, the in which the 
Premises are located or the United States of America. The term "Hazardous Material" includes, 
without limitation, any material or substance which is (i) petroleum, (ii) asbestos, (iii) pesticides, 
(iv) polychlorinated biphenyls, (v) solvents, (vi) defined as a "Hazardous Substance" pursuant 
to Section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. Section 1317), (vii) defined 
as "Hazardous Waste" pursuant to Section 1004 of the Federal Resource Conservation and 
Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq. (42 U.S.C. Section 6903), (viii) defined as a 
"Hazardous Substance" pursuant to Section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental 
Response Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq. (42 U.S.C. Section 
9601 ), (ix) defined as a "Hazardous Substance" pursuant to Section 401.15 of the Clean Water 
Act, 40 C.F.R. 116, or (x) defined as an "Extremely Hazardous Substance" under Title Ill of the 
Superfund Amendments and Reauthorizations Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq. 
Hazardous Material shall not include limited quantities of cleaning products used or stored at 
the Premises in the ordinary course of business and provided that they are used and stored in 
accordance with all applicable laws. 
 
30.3 
If at any time during the Term, Tenant or any environmental consultant 
determines that there was a Release of any Hazardous Material at any time at the Premises in 
violation of any Environmental Law, which requires disclosure pursuant to any Environmental 
Law, then Tenant and any such environmental consultant shall so notify Landlord only, and no 
other person or entity, providing Landlord with a copy of Tenant 's or such environmental 
consultant's technical documentation supporting such determination, as well as a citation to the 
authority which Tenant or such environmental consultant believes imposes the disclosure 
requirement.  If Landlord determines, in Landlord’s sole discretion, that such Release of any 
Hazardous Material must be reported to any governmental authority, then Landlord shall have 
the sole authority to do so.  Notwithstanding any obligations of Tenant herein, Tenant does not 
have the right at any time during the Term to have any environmental audits performed on the 
Premises without Landlord’s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in Landlord’s 
sole and absolute discretion.  In the event Tenant is ordered by a law or regulation to perform 
any type of environmental audit, Tenant, will notify Landlord pursuant to Section 20 hereunder 
as soon as is reasonably practicable.   
 
