 
 
Time is of the essence of this Lease and each and every provision contained herein. 
 
24. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT   
 
This Lease is entered into with the understanding that Franchisor has entered or will 
enter into a franchise agreement (the "Franchise Agreement") with Tenant for operation by 
Tenant on the Premises of a restaurant under the name of "[BRAND]". For so long as Landlord 
is [LANDLORD NAME] (or any affiliate thereof), it is agreed by the parties that any default or 
breach by Tenant under the Franchise Agreement or any of its related or ancillary agreements, 
including, but, not limited to any Development Agreement, at Landlord’s option, may constitute 
a breach of this Lease, and Landlord shall have the right to retake possession or take any other 
action it may be entitled to, the same as if Tenant breached this Lease. In addition, Landlord 
and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Franchisor shall have certain rights and remedies as 
set forth in this Lease, including, but not limited to Section 6 (approval of Tenant’s Use), 7 
(alterations of Premises), 8 (minimum standards on condition of Premises), 11 (signage 
standards), 12 (right to inspect Premises), 20 (notices), 15 (approval on assignee and 
hypothecation), 19.7 (notice of Default) and 26 (de-identification). For so long as Landlord is 
[LANDLORD NAME] (or any affiliate thereof), in the event of a breach or default under the 
Franchise Agreement, the notice provision of Section 20 herein shall not apply and notice shall 
be deemed duly made if the notice requirements of the Franchise Agreement, where applicable, 
have been fully met.   
 
25. 
CHARACTERIZATION OF LEASE  
 
25.1     Net Lease. This is a net Lease and shall be so construed. Landlord shall not be 
called upon to make any repairs, pay any taxes or incur any other charges or expenses in 
connection with the use, operation, maintenance, repair or occupancy of the Premises or the 
improvements now or hereafter located on the Premises. 
 
It is the purpose and intent of Landlord and Tenant that the sums payable hereunder by 
Tenant shall be absolutely net to Landlord so that this Lease shall yield, net, to Landlord, the 
sums herein provided in each year during the term of this Lease, free of any charges, 
assessments or impositions of any kind charged, assessed or imposed on or against the 
Premises and Landlord, and without abatement, deduction or offset by Tenant except as 
expressly provided in this Lease; and Landlord shall not be expected or required to pay any such 
charge, assessment or imposition, or be under any obligation or liability hereunder except as 
herein expressly set forth; and that all costs, expenses and obligations of any kind relating to 
the maintenance, preservation, care, repair and operation of the Premises (and, if applicable, 
any Common Area in the event the Premises are part of a shopping center, including without 
limitation, all amounts payable for maintenance, taxes, insurance, utilities or otherwise), 
including all replacements, alterations and additions as herein provided, which may arise or 
become due during the term of this Lease, shall be paid by Tenant, and Landlord shall be 
indemnified and held harmless by Tenant from and against such costs, expenses and 
obligations. 
 
25.2    True Lease. This is a “true lease”, which, as used herein, means that this Lease 
is a not a financing lease, capital lease, mortgage, equitable mortgage, deed of trust, trust 
agreement, security agreement or other financing or trust arrangement, and the economic 
realities of this Lease are those of a true lease. 
 
 
