 
 
-4- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
h) coordinate with Client’s Main Consultant to communicate the construction start date to utility companies, 
applicable government agencies, and the equipment distributor; 
 
i) 
monitor progress against the Project schedule, and provide Client with reports of Project progress against 
the schedule; 
 
j) 
conduct up to five (5) meetings (meetings may be a (Teams or Zoom) virtual meeting or in-person on-site at 
YRSG Construction Manager’s discretion) of on-site progress of  the Project, in connection with the 
Architect; 
 
k) on site monitoring cameras may also be used by YRSG to assist in monitoring onsite activities. The cost 
of such cameras is excluded from this Agreement;   
 
l) 
in connection with the Architect, review change order requests and payment requests from the General 
Contractor and make recommendations to Client regarding approval of same; 
 
m) coordinate, with the General Contractor and Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC, delivery and 
installation of all equipment required for the Project; 
 
n) in connection with the Architect, conduct one (1) inspection for substantial completion (RTO), including 
review of associated punchlist items; and 
 
o) assist in the "close out" of the Project. 
 
 
ARTICLE 4 
ADDITIONAL SERVICES 
 
4.1 
YRSG may furnish certain additional services, not identified in Articles 2 or 3, at its discretion (the "Additional 
Services") as requested by Client.  The method and amount of compensation shall be based upon an hourly fee 
of ninety dollars ($90), or the then applicable standard hourly rate for YRSG services and personnel, or any 
combination thereof, which shall be agreed to in writing by the parties prior to the commencement by YRSG of 
the Additional Services. 
 
Additional on-site visits (beyond those identified in Section 3.5), due to circumstances beyond YRSG’s control, 
necessary to complete the Project will be invoiced to Client in the amount of $1,600 per day on site, provided 
YRSG is given two weeks’ notice to arrange travel to the site.  
 
 
Necessary on site visits (beyond those identified in Section 3.5), due to circumstances beyond YRSG’s control, 
with less than two weeks’ notice will be invoiced to Client in the amount of $2,000 per day on site. 
 
4.2 
If the Project is delayed through no fault of YRSG or if there is a change in a Project which requires an increase 
in YRSG’s personnel committed to the Project or otherwise increases YRSG’s costs, then YRSG shall be entitled 
to an extension of time and/or an increase in its fees, which shall be described in a request that sets forth the basis 
therefor and includes supporting documentation, to the extent reasonably necessary. Any modifications to the 
schedule or fees arising from any such request or otherwise shall be reasonably agreed upon between the parties. 
 
4.3 
If the parties cannot reach an agreement as to the amount to be paid for such Additional Services or increase in 
scope, either party may terminate this Agreement with ten (10) business days’ notice.  In the event of said 
termination, YRSG will be entitled to fees, compensation and reimbursement for any work previously performed 
and for its costs of winding down, said amount to be determined by YRSG pursuant to YRSG’s then-prevailing 
standard hourly rates or, if YRSG does not believe such amount to be sufficient in light of the work actually 
performed, by YRSG in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 
