 
 
 
 
 
35 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Secure Credit Card Payments 
All Units must utilize credit card processing equipment (including the secure credit card terminals 
and all connectors required to be used in conjunction with the POS System) from Verifone Secure Payment 
(SCA).  Verifone P400 terminals must be utilized in connection with front-counter, drive-thru, and kiosk 
POS terminals. A typical Unit will require five Verifone P400 terminal. Optionally, the Verifone e285 
mobile device can be used for line-busting if leveraged in the Unit. In addition, you must obtain credit card 
processing services from Fiserv. The fees/costs associated with debit/credit card transactions vary and are 
typically calculated based on the total purchase price amount (including tax); however, the estimated 
fees/costs associated therewith are set forth below in the chart.    
 
Digital Menu Boards 
Our digital menu board system (interior and exterior) requires you to use Stratacache enclosures, 
displays, and media players, all of these components are available for order through RSCS. This solution is 
dependent on the POS equipment highlighted above to function properly. The menu boards must be 
powered on at all times in order for important updates to be sent to the menu boards. All current hardware 
costs are available from RSCS, but approximate costs are listed in the below chart. There are additional 
software fees that must be paid directly to Stratacache and Taco Bell when these boards are installed. Please 
see below for details on these fees. The exterior menu boards have an integrated Order Confirmation Board 
(OCB) that displays when an order is started. Please note: Interior DMBs are required for all remodels and 
new Units. Beginning January 1, 2026, exterior DMBs will be required for all license Units with drive-thru 
on the Taco Bell technology stack. 
 
Kiosks 
Our kiosk system requires you to use EloTouch tablets, VeriFone payment terminals, Storm Audio 
Navigation Devices, and mount fixtures provided by IDx or Elo. These devices allow customers to input 
orders directly into the system via a tablet and complete their transactions via card payment or opt to 
complete the transaction at the traditional POS. There is no contractual limit on our right to access this 
information and data. The kiosk solution is dependent on the POS equipment highlighted above to function 
properly. The kiosks must be powered on at all times while the dining room is open, unless prior approval 
from Taco Bell has been provided. The kiosks must be free of any signs or other items that are not described 
herein (e.g., tables/chairs/signage blocking or impeding access to the kiosks) unless otherwise approved by 
Taco Bell. Use of kiosks is subject to the transaction fee outlined in the Taco Bell All Access Policy.   
 
Back of House Technology 
 
Broadband 
Comcast is the single managed service provider for broadband services. As the broadband service 
provider, Comcast will manage the provisioning of all circuits, hardware installation, maintenance and 
monitoring.  Instead of obtaining broadband service from Comcast, you may (subject to certain exceptions) 
choose a Bring Your Own Broadband (“BYOB”) option; however, any such BYOB option must meet the 
minimum requirements we set forth and must be approved by us in advance. You must sign a managed 
service contract with Comcast, even in connection with a BYOB option, so that Comcast can install and 
manage the requisite network hardware in the Unit. Broadband pricing will depend on the local cable 
provider and whether a restaurant requires an alternative solution (e.g., DSL, 4G, Satellite) due to the 
unavailability of cable/fiber. 
 
We are currently testing Network 3.0 for potential rollout to the System starting in 2025. Upon 
deploying Network 3.0 to your Unit, you will likely see an increase in $50/month on your bills from 
Comcast to support the incremental equipment during this initial pilot period. Following the initial pilot 
and possible additional market tests, any additional costs will be communicated to you in advance of the 
national rollout.  
 
