 
2 
 
 
1. 
Assignment.   Subject to the terms of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date, 
Assignor hereby grants, assigns, transfers and conveys to Assignee, its successors and assigns, all of 
Assignor’s rights, title, interest and liabilities in, to and under the Lease. 
 
2. 
Assumption.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date, 
Assignee hereby assumes all of Assignor’s rights, title, interest and liabilities in, to and under the Lease and 
becomes liable for the full and timely performance of all obligations, liabilities and covenants arising under the 
Lease, as the Lease may be amended after the Effective Date.  Assignee accepts the Premises in “as is” 
condition. 
 
 3. 
Covenants of Assignee.  Assignee covenants and agrees that until Assignor is fully 
and finally released from all obligations under the Lease: 
 
 
A. 
Assignee shall not assign, sublease or otherwise transfer any of its right, title 
or interest in the Lease to any other person or entity without Assignor’s prior written consent, which consent 
may be withheld in Assignor’s sole discretion. 
 
 
B. 
Assignee shall not amend, extend, exercise any option or modify any term or 
condition of the Lease, without the prior written consent of Assignor, which consent may be withheld in 
Assignor’s sole discretion.   
 
 
C. 
Assignee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Assignor and its Affiliates 
(as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement), subsidiaries, employees, officers, directors, and agents from 
and against any and all claims and liabilities arising from matters relating to the Lease or the Premises after 
the Effective Date.   
 
 
D. 
Notwithstanding any provision in the Lease to the contrary, Assignee shall 
use the Premises solely as permitted under the applicable Franchise Agreement(s) (as defined in the Asset 
Purchase Agreement). 
 
4. 
Terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement.  The representations, warranties, 
covenants, indemnities and agreements of Assignee contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement are 
incorporated herein by this reference.  Such representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and 
agreements shall not be superseded but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein.  
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement and the terms 
hereof, the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement shall govern.   
 
5. 
Default Under the Terms of this Agreement.  In the event of a default under the terms 
of this Agreement, Assignor may, in its sole discretion, without waiving such default, either in person or by 
agent, nominee or attorney, with or without bringing any action or proceeding, or by a receiver appointed by a 
court, declare the Assignee’s right, title and interest in, to and under the Lease and the Premises to be 
terminated, effective immediately upon delivery of notice to Assignee from Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, which is the franchisor and Assignor’s affiliate.  Upon delivery of such 
notice, all rights of Assignee under the Lease and this Agreement shall cease, and Assignor shall be entitled 
to immediate possession of the Premises and all books, records and accounts relating thereto and to exclude 
Assignee and its agents and employees therefrom, without liability for trespass or damages.  Assignor may 
thereafter manage, operate or lease the Premises on such terms and for such period of time as Assignor may 
deem proper and consistent with the terms of the Lease.  If Assignee does not vacate the Premises upon 
receipt of such notice, Assignee’s status in respect to the Premises shall be that of a trespasser, and Assignor 
shall have the rights available to a lessor to evict and remove Assignee from the Premises and to collect 
damages in respect of the trespass. The receipt by Assignee of notice from Assignor shall not, however, relieve 
Assignee of its obligation under Section 2 hereof to assume the liabilities and obligations of Assignor under 
the Lease affected by this Agreement and to indemnify Assignor and its Affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, 
officers, directors, and agents in respect to such liabilities and obligations. 
 
6.  
Bankruptcy, Foreclosure or Receivership. Assignor, in its sole discretion, may, without 
penalty or fee, immediately terminate this Agreement and all of Assignee’s rights, title and interest in, to and 
