 
 
 
 
 
31 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Item 11 
 
LICENSOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
Pre-Opening Obligations  
 
 
(1) 
We will review trade areas and possible sites, consider sites for approval, advise you about 
general procedures involved in acquiring the property, and provide you with the standard plans for building 
a Unit. If approved, at least six months prior to ground break, you must submit the following documents to 
your brand designer for brand review sign off: site sketch, extended site plan, exterior elevations and 
seating/equipment plan.   
 
 
(2) 
OneSource will be provided to you via electronic access to a confidential website, which 
also includes our online training courses and is available on MyTacoBell. Because OneSource is provided 
electronically, the pagination thereof may differ than if it were provided in hard copy form.  We estimate 
OneSource to be approximately 4,500 pages. Exhibit D lists the Table of Contents of the OneSource library 
folders, by name and number of pages. 
 
 
(3) 
We will make available to you and to one manager an operations training course (Exhibit 
B-1, Section 4.0). We require that you and one manager successfully complete this training program to our 
satisfaction. The training program is further described below. 
 
 
(4) 
We will provide a representative, who will be available to advise you in coordinating pre-
opening activities (Exhibit B-1, Section 3.0). 
 
 
Certain of the pre-opening services described above are not applicable when you purchase an 
existing Unit.  In those circumstances, we do not provide the services described above, except furnishing 
OneSource and the training course. 
 
Our Continuing Obligations 
 
 
(1) 
Furnish you, as we deem appropriate, with advice and assistance in managing and operating 
the Unit, including local visits by our representatives.  (Exhibit B-1, Section 3.0.) 
 
 
(2) 
Modify the System and OneSource to reflect changes and updates. We will provide such 
revisions to you. (Exhibit B-1, Section 3.3.) 
 
(3) 
Develop and administer advertising and sales promotion programs designed to promote 
and enhance the collective success of Units and establish and maintain a marketing fund as described below.  
(Exhibit B-1, Sections 6.0.) 
 
Location Selection 
 
 
Each location, whether located by our representative or by you, is subject to our market plan 
approval.  Except as provided in the Integrated Expansion Policy described in Item 1, we may approve or 
disapprove locations within our sole discretion and in consideration of any factors, such as area population, 
residents' demographics, traffic counts, convenience of ingress and egress, existing restaurants in the area, 
anticipated land acquisition costs and construction costs, the operating results of existing restaurants in 
similar or nearby areas, and any other factors, both objective and subjective, which in our view might bear 
upon the probability of a successful restaurant development and operation. We typically notify you of 
