6 
750030713 
information illustrated in Schedule 1, whether by sale, transfer, or otherwise, 
without Franchisor’s prior written approval. 
 
 
D. 
No Transfer of Interest or Grant of Lien:  Each Obligor represents and warrants 
to Franchisor that Schedule 2 (List of Franchisee’s Direct & Indirect Shareholders 
& Ownership Interests) is a true and correct identification of the holders of the 
direct and indirect equity interests in Franchisee and each Obligor that is an entity 
(and/or such other entity in Franchisee’s corporate structure required to be 
illustrated in Schedule 1) on the date of this Agreement. Each Obligor agrees not to 
cause or permit the sale, gift, pledge or other transfer to any other person or entity, 
in any way, without Franchisor’s prior written approval, of any interest or share 
identified in Schedule 2 or any Restaurant (or substantially all of the assets 
comprising any Restaurant); provided that, without limiting the generality of the 
provisions set forth in Section II(C) and this Section II(D), (i) [Insert applicable 
Obligors] may transfer such interests to any Qualified Transferee (as defined 
below) in one or more transactions that are in compliance with all applicable laws 
(including securities laws) and (ii) the Obligors may grant security interests in the 
assets comprising any Restaurant (other than any Franchise Agreement) to a lender 
pursuant to the Permitted Franchisee Indebtedness. The parties hereto agree that 
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no grant of security 
interest in a Franchise Agreement or this Agreement shall be assignable or is 
capable of being encumbered to secure obligations under the Permitted Franchisee 
Indebtedness or any other indebtedness of the Obligors; it being expressly 
understood and agreed that any lien or encumbrance on any Franchise Agreement 
or this Agreement constitutes a default under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, Franchisor’s approval of the Permitted Franchisee Indebtedness shall in no 
way be deemed approval of any such grant of lien or encumbrance. 
 
 
 
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Qualified Transferee” is a person or entity that 
(i) is not named on any of the two lists maintained by the U.S. Department of 
Commerce (Denied Persons and Entities) or the list maintained by the U.S. 
Department of Treasury (Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons) or 
any of the two lists maintained by the U.S. Department of State (Terrorist 
Organizations and Debarred Parties) or a person described by Section 1 of the 
Executive Order (No. 13,224) Blocking Property and Prohibited Transactions with 
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism, 66 Fed. Reg. 
49,079 (September 24, 2001), or any successor or similar list maintained by the 
U.S. Department of Commerce or Treasury, (ii) is not directly or indirectly engaged 
in, or the holder of any financial, beneficial, or equity interest in, or performing any 
services for any Quick-Service Restaurant Business, Mexican Casual Dining 
Business, or Mexican Quick Casual Dining Business, other than the Restaurants, 
except pursuant to Permissible Activities, and (iii) will not, as a result of a such 
transfer, obtain control of any Obligor, or a direct or indirect interest in Franchisee 
(together with its affiliates) in excess of ten percent (10%) of Franchisee’s 
outstanding equity. 
 
