15 
750030713 
arising out of or resulting from any of the following) shall, either alone or in 
combination, constitute or be taken into account in determining whether a System 
Adverse Effect has occurred: (a) general economic, business, political, industry, 
trade or credit, financial or capital market conditions (whether in the United States 
or internationally), including any conditions affecting generally the industries or 
markets in which Franchisee or any Obligor operates; (b) earthquakes, tornados, 
hurricanes, floods, acts of God and other force majeure events; (c) disease 
outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic); (d) 
acts of war, civil unrest, terrorism and military actions; (e) any changes in general 
legal, regulatory, trade or political conditions; and (f) strikes, slowdowns or work 
stoppages. 
 
R. 
Guaranty: Each of [Insert applicable Obligors]5 shall execute and deliver to 
Franchisor the Guaranty in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto.  
 
III. 
GENERAL 
 
A. 
Survival and Release.  Franchisor agrees to release any Obligor from its, his or 
her prospective obligations under this Agreement upon the expiration of one year 
following such Obligor’s approved sale or disposition of all its, his or her direct or 
indirect interests in Franchisee, unless (1) such Obligor retains a management, 
supervisory or other controlling or decision-making position or role in Franchisee 
or its direct or indirect parent companies or (2) a breach or default in this 
Agreement, a Franchise Agreement or any guaranty in support of this Agreement 
or a Franchise Agreement occurs on or prior to such one year anniversary and 
continues thereafter, in which case the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be 
extended until all such breaches and defaults have been cured.  
 
B. 
No Initial Public Offerings or other Distributions of Securities.  Each of the 
Obligors hereby covenants that it shall not cause, assist or permit any of the 
Obligors or Franchisee (i) to make a public offering or broadly disseminated 
general private distribution of its debt or equity securities or (ii) to register its debt 
or equity securities with or otherwise become required to file reports with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or (iii) to voluntarily file reports with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Under no circumstances shall any of the 
Obligors or Franchisee cooperate with any attempt by any person or entity to make 
a public offering or broadly disseminated general private distribution of any direct 
or indirect ownership interest in any such Obligor or Franchisee or supply any 
information about the operations or business of Franchisee to any federal or state 
agency or instrumentality in connection therewith, and each of the parties shall 
promptly inform Franchisor if the party becomes aware of any such attempt. 
 
IV. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
5 Note: Guarantors generally should be the following Obligors: the Individuals, the management entity, Holdings, 
and any intermediate subsidiaries between Holdings and Franchisee.  
 
