 
 
 
 
written terms and conditions as stated in the Lease, as previously amended and/or assigned, or 
under the Assignment and Assumption of Lease by and between said original Tenant and current 
Tenant, original “Tenant” retains any continued rights or liability for any obligations of “Tenant” 
thereunder, the rights afforded to Franchisor hereunder are separate from and in addition to any of 
original Tenant’s rights and/or obligations.  Nothing in this Addendum to Lease shall modify the 
terms and conditions and obligations of the parties under the Lease, as amended, and/or the 
Assignment and Assumption of Lease.   
 
2. 
Landlord hereby grants Tenant the unrestricted right to assign the Lease or sublet the Premises to 
Franchisor, an affiliate of Franchisor or another franchisee of Franchisor or any affiliate thereof. 
 
3. 
Landlord shall give Franchisor a copy of any and all notices of default given to Tenant, as required 
to be given by Landlord to Tenant under the terms of the Lease, at the same time such notice is given to 
Tenant.  Within fifteen (15) days after Tenant's right to cure expires, Franchisor or any affiliate thereof shall 
have the right but not the obligation, to cure any such default. 
 
4. 
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease or Franchise Agreement for any reason, 
Tenant shall, upon written demand by Franchisor, remove all Taco Bell trademarks from all buildings, signs, 
fixtures and furnishings located on the Premises, and alter to and paint all buildings and other improvements 
maintained pursuant to the Lease a design and color which is basically different from Franchisor's 
authorized building design and painting schedule.  If Tenant shall fail to make or cause to be made any 
such removal, alteration or repainting within thirty (30) days after written notice, Franchisor or any affiliate 
thereof shall have the right to enter upon the Premises, without being deemed guilty of trespass or any 
other tort, and make or cause to be made such removal, alterations and repainting at the reasonable 
expense of Tenant, which expense Tenant shall pay Franchisor or its designated affiliate on demand. 
 
5. 
Landlord and Tenant agree to record a notice (“Notice”) substantially in the form attached hereto, 
indicating Franchisor's rights hereunder, or, alternatively, to record a Memorandum of Lease containing 
substantially the following language: 
 
"Landlord and Tenant have granted Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, and its affiliates certain conditional rights, including possession, in and to the 
Premises." 
 
6. 
All notices which Landlord may serve on Franchisor hereunder shall be made in accordance with 
the Lease to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC 
 
 
 
 
1 Glen Bell Way 
 
 
 
 
Irvine, CA  92618 
 
 
 
 
Attn:  General Counsel 
 
7. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in the Lease or any addendum or amendment 
thereto, Landlord and Tenant agree that the terms and provisions set forth in this Addendum shall control 
and shall not be superseded, terminated or modified without the prior written consent of Franchisor, which 
party is a third party beneficiary (only) to the Lease and this Addendum. 
 
 
 
