  
-17- 
 
 
 
32.3 
The parties shall share the mediation filing fee and neutral costs of the mediation 
equally, but shall bear separately all other costs (including but not limited to their respective attorneys’ fees, 
travel costs, etc.)  Each of Seller and Purchaser shall send at least one (1) representative to the mediation 
conference who has authority to enter into a binding contract on that party’s behalf and on behalf of its 
respective principal(s).  Seller and Purchaser and the mediator shall sign an agreement committing each 
of them to keep the outcome and proceeding of the mediation confidential, except as required by law. 
 
 
32.4 
If either Seller or Purchaser fails or refuses to participate in mediation in 
accordance with this Section, the other shall be entitled to immediately file suit or otherwise enforce its 
rights. 
 
 
32.5 
In the event any party hereto commences any litigation against any other party 
hereto concerning this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees, costs 
and expenses, including without limitation expert fees, reasonably incurred by such party in the litigation. 
 
 
With respect to any court proceeding between Purchaser and Seller concerning the 
enforcement, construction or alleged breach or termination of this Agreement, or any other claim arising 
out of or related to this Agreement, Purchaser and each Shareholder hereby submits to the personal 
jurisdiction and venue of the federal and California state courts located in Orange County, California, for all 
such matters, and shall not commence against Seller any court proceeding concerning such matters in any 
other courts. 
 
33. 
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with the ancillary documents expressly 
referenced herein, represents the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the purchase and sale 
described herein, and all agreements pertaining to such purchase and sale entered into prior hereto are 
revoked and superseded by this Agreement.  No representations, warranties, inducements or oral 
agreements with respect thereto have been made by any of the parties except as expressly set forth herein, 
in other contemporaneous written agreements, or in the FDD furnished by TB Franchisor.  Except as 
expressly provided otherwise herein, this Agreement may not be changed, modified or rescinded except in 
writing, signed by all parties hereto, and any attempt at oral modifications of this Agreement shall be void 
and of no effect. 
 
34. 
Guaranty.  Each of the Shareholders hereby jointly and severally guarantees the full and 
timely performance of all of Purchaser's and each other's obligations herein. 
 
35. 
Confidentiality and Press Releases.  Except as required by law or applicable listing 
requirements, each party hereto shall keep all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement in strictest 
confidence for five (5) years, or until every party has expressly agreed otherwise, provided that nothing in 
this Section 35 shall prevent either party from sharing this Agreement with its affiliates, accountants, legal 
representatives and other persons who have a reasonable need to know the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement and agree in writing to keep such matters confidential as if they were a party to this Section 35.  
No party shall issue or participate in any press release that contains any specific information pertaining to 
this transaction (including, without limitation, the Purchase Price) unless every other party hereto has 
expressly agreed in writing to such press release. 
