4 
750030713 
intellectual property, concerning the operation of a Taco Bell branded restaurant 
business. 
 
G. 
“Trademarks” means all trademarks licensed in the Franchise Agreements. 
 
II. 
OBLIGORS’ DIRECT OBLIGATIONS 
 
 
A. 
Agreement to Use Reasonable Efforts:  Each Obligor agrees: 
 
 
 
1. 
to use its, his or her reasonable efforts (including the exercise of any voting, 
control, or management rights) at all times to cause Franchisee to comply 
timely and fully with all obligations under each Franchise Agreement;  
 
 
 
2. 
to perform no act (including the exercise of any voting, control or 
management rights) or omission, in each case that would cause, or would 
reasonably be expected to cause, a breach of, or other default in, any 
obligation of Franchisee under any Franchise Agreement; provided, 
however, that no Obligor shall be required by this Section II(A) to perform 
any act prohibited by applicable law. 
 
 
B. 
Agreement Regarding Specific Acts:  Each Obligor agrees not to perform, and 
not to cause Franchisee to perform, any of the following acts or omissions: 
 
 
 
1. 
sub-license to anyone, or otherwise permit or authorize anyone other than 
Franchisee to use, the Trademarks, System, Manual, or any part thereof; 
 
 
 
2. 
with respect to the Trademarks, (i) claim any right, title, or interest in or to 
the Trademarks, (ii) contest or aid in contesting, directly or indirectly, the 
validity, ownership, or use of the Trademarks, (iii) take any action in 
derogation of Franchisor’s rights to the Trademarks, or (iv) use the 
Trademarks in any manner other than in strict compliance with the Manual 
or as expressly approved by Franchisor in writing from time to time; 
 
 
 
3. 
claim any right, title, or interest in or to the System, the Manual, any 
information or materials included in the System or Manual, or any goodwill 
associated with the Trademarks (whether now or accreting hereafter, 
including any goodwill resulting from operation and promotion of the 
Restaurants); 
 
 
 
4. 
offer for sale from any Restaurant any food, beverages, or products other 
than those expressly described in the Manual or approved in writing by 
Franchisor, or offer such food, beverages, or products for sale from 
somewhere other than a Restaurant’s premises, or under or in connection 
with any trademark or service mark other than the Trademarks, in each case 
without Franchisor’s prior written approval; 
 
