 
 
STATE OF INDIANA ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Section 23-2-2.7-1(10) of the Indiana Code states that it is unlawful to limit litigation in any manner whatsoever, therefore, a provision 
in a License Agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the laws of another 
state is void. The State of Indiana also requires that the following Addendum to License Agreement be included in the FDD. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
ADDENDUM TO LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF INDIANA 
 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the Indiana Code, the parties to the attached TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC LICENSE 
AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") agree as follows: 
 
 
1. 
Section 1 of the License Agreement, “Grant of Rights,” shall be supplemented by the following sentences which shall 
be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
 
“Section 23-2-2.7-1(2) of the Indiana Code states that “if a license agreement does not grant an exclusive territory, then a 
licensor may not compete unfairly with a licensee within a reasonable area.” 
 
 
2. 
Section 3.8 of the License Agreement, under the heading “Restaurant System and Procedures” shall be supplemented 
by the following sentences which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
“Section 23-2-2.7-1(9) of the Indiana Code states that “as a condition of the sale of a license, a licensor may not require a 
prospective licensee to covenant not to compete with the licensor for a period longer than three (3) years, or in an area greater than the 
exclusive area granted by the license agreement, or, in absence of such a provision in the agreement, an area of reasonable size, upon 
termination of or failure to renew the license.” 
 
 
3. 
Section 13 of the License Agreement “Sale and Assignment” shall be supplemented by the following sentences which 
shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
 
“Section 23-2-2.7-1(5) of the Indiana Code states that “as a condition of the sale of a license, a licensor may not require a 
prospective licensee to assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel that would relieve a person from liability under this 
subtitle.” 
 
 
4. 
Sections 16.3 and 16.4 of the License Agreement “Choice of Law” and “Jurisdiction and Venue”, shall be 
supplemented by the following sentences which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
“Section 23-2-2.7-1(10) of the Indiana Code states that “it is unlawful for any license agreement entered into between a licensor 
and a licensee who is either a resident of Indiana or a nonresident who will be operating a license in Indiana, to limit litigation 
brought for breach of the agreement in any manner whatsoever, therefore, a provision in a franchise agreement restricting 
jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void.” 
 
5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
To the extent this Addendum shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of said License Agreement or 
Exhibits or Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern. 
 
 
 
 
 
