 
7 
 
 
Guaranty Agreement 
Section 509 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 509, or otherwise), reimbursement, exoneration, 
contribution, indemnification, or any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Lender against 
Borrower, or any collateral which Lender now has or requires, until all of the Guaranteed Obligations 
shall have been irrevocably and indefeasibly paid to the Lender in full.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Section 13 shall not apply to any rights of Guarantor or any of its Affiliates under any Franchise 
Agreement, including any rights to payment, fees or other amounts under any such Franchise 
Agreement. 
14. 
Assignment; Successors and Assigns.  Guarantor may not assign or delegate this 
Guaranty (including without limitation any of its respective rights or obligations hereunder) without 
the prior written consent of Lender.  Prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default 
under the Loan Agreement, Lender may not assign this Guaranty in whole or in part without the prior 
written consent of Guarantor; provided, however, that Lender may assign this Guaranty in whole but 
not in part with prior notice to, but without consent from, the Guarantor only to any of its Affiliates 
or to a fund owned or managed by Lender or one of its Affiliates.  Subsequent to the occurrence and 
continuance of an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement which has not been cured, subject to 
the following sentence, there shall be no restriction on the assignment rights of Lender hereunder.  In 
any event, any assignee of this Guaranty must, as a condition precedent to such assignment, assume 
the assignor’s obligations under the Letter Agreement.  Any assignment that does not comply with 
the terms of this Section 14 shall be deemed null and void and of no force or effect.  This Guaranty 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each party hereto and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns.   
15. 
Amendments.  No amendment or other modification of the terms of this Guaranty shall 
be effective unless in writing and signed by Guarantor and Lender and so stating that it is expressly 
intended to give effect to the applicable amendment or modification hereto.  No waiver of any 
provision of this Guaranty nor consent to any departure by Guarantor therefrom shall in any event be 
effective unless such waiver shall refer to this Guaranty, be in writing and be signed by Lender.  Any 
such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it 
was given.  
16. 
Representations and Warranties.  Guarantor represents and warrants to Lender as 
follows:  (a) Guarantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation and has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and 
perform this Guaranty; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty have been and 
remain duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not contravene Guarantor’s 
constitutional documents or any contractual restriction binding on the Guarantor or its assets; (c) this 
Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor, enforceable against it by 
Lender in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or effecting creditor’s rights and to 
general equity principles; and (d) Guarantor has not made a transfer or incurred any obligations with 
the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of Guarantor’s present or future creditors.   
All the representations and warranties of Guarantor contained herein: (i) shall survive the 
execution and delivery of this Guaranty and also the making and satisfaction of each extension of 
credit comprising the Guaranteed Obligations; and (ii) shall continue to be effective whenever made 
