 
3 
 
 
Schedule has been met, Taco Bell shall take into account the number of Net New 
Restaurants opened during a Time Period. 
   
H. 
“Opening Date” as used herein means the last day of the Time Period in which the 
New Restaurant is to be opened to the public for business. 
 
4. 
APPROVAL AND QUALIFICATION OF SITES.  Each New Restaurant to be developed hereunder 
shall be subject to Taco Bell’s prior express written approval in accordance with Taco Bell's then- 
current standard procedures for site approval, including with respect to architectural and design 
standards, and will be operated pursuant to a Franchise Agreement on Taco Bell’s then-current 
standard form for new, free-standing or inline restaurants, as applicable, to be issued to Franchisee 
prior to opening the New Restaurant. Franchisee agrees to abide by and faithfully adhere to the terms 
of the Franchise Agreement for each New Restaurant. 
 
5. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE. Franchisee’s timely performance of its obligations under this 
 
Agreement is of material importance and is of the essence to this Agreement.  
 
6. NO EXCLUSIVITY. There is no exclusivity granted to Franchisee by this Agreement. Taco Bell 
expressly reserves for its own use and the use of others all rights to use and develop any Taco Bell 
restaurants in its sole discretion. Such reservation of rights includes the right to use, develop and/or 
transfer any Taco Bell restaurant and other operations, products, services, methods, and points of 
distribution of any and all sorts. Franchisee’s rights granted in this Agreement are expressly made 
subject to the existing rights of third-party franchisees, including, but not limited to, Taco Bell restaurant 
registrations for new builds, successors, offset, scrape, and remodels and to currently open Taco Bell 
restaurants.  
 
7. DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE, RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.  Subject to the terms and conditions 
herein, Franchisee will have the obligation to execute a Franchise Agreement for and to commence 
operations of a New Restaurant within the Development Location according to the Development 
Schedule. The exact locations of each New Restaurant within the Development Location are subject 
to Taco Bell’s express written approval.   
 
A New Restaurant will be considered timely developed if: (i) the New Restaurant is within the 
Development Location; (ii) the New Restaurant is opened for continuous operation by the Opening 
Date specified in Schedule A; (iii) the Franchise Agreement has been signed by Franchisee and Taco 
Bell for the New Restaurant; (iv) the initial franchise fee has been paid; and (v) the New Restaurant is 
operating in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Franchisee agrees to use its 
commercially reasonable efforts and to take all steps and actions to fully and timely satisfy its 
development obligation.  Failure to meet any deadline set out in Schedule “A” shall cause the monetary 
sums set forth in paragraph 8 to be due and payable to Taco Bell immediately and without demand. 
 
8. PAST DUE DEVELOPMENT FEE. Franchisee shall pay Taco Bell an initial franchise fee of $45,000 
for each New Restaurant, $10,000 of which is payable upon registration and the balance of which is 
due upon such New Restaurant’s groundbreak.  
 
Further, Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that Taco Bell would be significantly damaged if Franchisee 
failed to timely and fully meet its Development Schedule as outlined in Schedule A. Franchisee and 
Taco Bell also agree that measuring the precise amount of this damage would be difficult and costly. 
Instead of a precise damages calculation, Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that the fees set out below 
are a fair and reasonable approximation of what Taco Bell’s damages would be. Accordingly, 
Franchisee and Taco Bell agree that Franchisee shall immediately pay to Taco Bell, without demand, 
the fees set out in subparagraphs A and B below for each such New Restaurant that is not timely and 
fully satisfied:    
 
A.   Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000) within five (5) calendar days of the last day of the relevant   
Time Period.  This payment will be credited toward the initial franchise fee for the applicable New 
