16 
750030713 
 
 
A. 
Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement 
shall be in writing addressed to the addressee at the address specified in Schedule 
3 to this Agreement (Notice Addresses) (or such other address as is specified in 
writing by the addressee) by nationally recognized courier and will be deemed 
received by the addressee on the date of delivery. 
 
 
B. 
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of Franchisor, its successors and assigns 
and may be assigned by Franchisor to any other party without Obligors' prior 
approval. 
 
 
C. 
No Obligor may assign any of its, his or her rights or obligations under this 
Agreement. 
 
 
D. 
The delay or failure of Franchisor to exercise any right or remedy pursuant to this 
Agreement will not operate as a waiver of the right or remedy.  All rights and 
remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and the exercise of one right or 
remedy will not limit the exercise of any other right or remedy. 
 
 
E. 
This Agreement may be amended, modified, or revised only in writing signed by 
Franchisor and Obligors. 
 
 
F. 
This Agreement, all relations between the parties, and, any and all disputes between 
any Obligor and Franchisor, whether such disputes sound in law, equity or 
otherwise, are to be exclusively construed in accordance with and/or governed by 
(as applicable) the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York 
(or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any 
provision of this Agreement is not enforceable under the laws of New York, and if 
the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the greatest 
number of Restaurants are located, then that provision (and only that provision) will 
be interpreted and construed under the laws of that state. This Section IV(F) is not 
intended to invoke, and shall not be deemed to invoke, the application of any 
franchise, business opportunity or similar law of the State of New York which 
would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the 
within designation of governing law.  The parties agree to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of California. 
 
 
G. 
The obligations of Obligors under this Agreement shall be joint and several and 
shall survive the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement(s) and/or 
this Agreement in accordance with their terms as set forth herein.  
 
 
H. 
Franchisor may elect (in its sole discretion) to set off the due and payable 
obligations of Franchisee or any Obligor pursuant to this Agreement, any Franchise 
Agreement or any Guaranty against any payment obligations that Franchisor may 
have in favor of Franchisee or any Obligor, whether relating to any of the 
Restaurants or otherwise. 
