 
 
 
 
 
24 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
services of RSCS and the Taco Bell Co-op. 
 
We do not require that you join the Taco Bell Co-op.  Subject to the limitations described below, 
you may purchase through RSCS and the Taco Bell Co-op as a non-member, in which case you will have 
no voting rights and will not be entitled to receive patronage dividends. The Taco Bell Co-op’s Bylaws 
require that the Taco Bell Co-op conduct more than 90% of the value of its business with its stockholder 
members.  In implementation of that rule, RSCS reserves the right to refuse to do business with Taco Bell 
franchisees who are not members of the Taco Bell Co-op.   
 
For additional information about Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions and the Taco Bell Co-op, 
contact Brad Freeman, Senior Vice President Supply Chain and General Manager of the Taco Bell Co-op, 
1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, CA  92618 at Brad.Freeman@rscs.com, and request a copy of the Membership 
Information Packet for the Taco Bell Co-op.   
 
Mastercard Rebates 
 
Currently, Mastercard pays us and our affiliates an annual rebate based on the amount of payment 
processing fees paid on certain qualifying transactions at Taco Bell Units accepting Mastercard cards. 
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we received $168,587.70 from Mastercard as a result of 
Taco Bell franchisees’ and licensees’ qualified transactions. That rebate amount was credited to franchisees 
and licensees pro rata on a per Unit basis for all Taco Bell traditional and non-traditional Units open as of 
October 29, 2024. 
 
Taco Bell Gift Cards 
 
 
Our affiliate, GCTB, LLC, manages the Taco Bell gift card program.  All Units must sell gift cards 
and accept gift cards as payment. Gift cards are processed in the same manner as existing credit and debit 
cards. Several states have a gift card cash back law allowing customers to redeem the balance of a gift card 
for cash if under a specific value. GCTB, LLC has issued cash back procedures available within OneSource 
on MyTacoBell, a gift card resource page for eligible states that must comply with cash back 
procedures. You are permitted to exclude from your calculation of net sales all proceeds from the sale of 
gift cards, and therefore the proceeds are not subject to the license royalty and advertising fees. However, 
both license royalty and advertising fees must be paid on all gift card redemptions. Gift cards that are 
ordered and shipped in the marketing window POP are not subject to shipping or handling charges; if 
ordered otherwise, shipping and handling charges will apply. 
  
Licensees are not permitted to sell any other gift certificates, scrip, or coupons, though they may continue 
to redeem those already in circulation, except for Border Bucks which may no longer be redeemed.  
 
Insurance 
 
 
You must obtain and maintain at your own expense insurance policies with insurers satisfactory to 
us covering workers’ compensation, employer's liability, commercial general liability, products liability, 
liquor liability, employment practices liability, and all-risk property insurance.  If you do not maintain the 
required insurance coverage, we may purchase it for you and charge the cost to you as described in Item 6. 
 
Item 9 
 
LICENSEE'S OBLIGATIONS 
 
 
This table lists your principal obligations under the License Agreement and other Agreements.  It 
will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other Items 
