  
-4- 
 
cost and expense and in accordance with the schedule and specifications detailed on Schedule 2.23 
attached hereto. Time is of the essence in connection with each of the Upgrade Obligations.  Purchaser 
agrees that failure to complete the Upgrade Obligations in accord with this Section 2.2 and the 
specifications set forth on Schedule 2.2 will constitute a breach of this Agreement and entitle Seller to collect 
liquidated damages as described in Section 18.1 hereof.  Purchaser also agrees that the Upgrade 
Obligations run to the benefit of TB Franchisor and that TB Franchisor is entitled to enforce the Upgrade 
Obligations. 
 
3. 
Value of Inventory, Supplies and Operating Cash.  The value of the Inventory, Supplies 
and Operating Cash is hereby estimated by the parties to be Seven Thousand, Five Hundred and No/100  
U.S. Dollars ($7,500.00) per Restaurant (the “ISC Estimate”), an amount equal to which shall be paid by 
Purchaser to Seller in immediately available funds at the Closing (as defined in Section 7), as provided 
below. The actual value of the Inventory, Supplies and Operating Cash shall be determined as of the close 
of business on the Closing Date by a physical count of all Inventory, Supplies and Operating Cash to be 
made jointly by Purchaser and Seller at that time.  The usable Inventory and Supplies shall be valued at 
Taco Bell standard costing, except for unpacked uniforms, which shall be valued at one-half standard 
pricing.  Purchaser shall have the right to reasonably reject any excess or outdated Inventory or Supplies. 
Operating Cash transferred to Purchaser shall be reimbursed to Seller dollar for dollar.  Within thirty (30) 
business days after the Closing Date, or by such time as may be mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and 
Seller, Purchaser or Seller, as appropriate, shall pay the other party the positive difference between the 
value of the Inventory, Supplies and Operating Cash and the ISC Estimate paid at Closing. 
 
4. 
Payment of Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price (together with the ISC Estimate and 
the reimbursement to Seller by Purchaser of all security and similar deposits held by each lessor under any 
Lease) shall be paid in cash to Seller by cashier’s check or bank wire transfer to an account or accounts 
designated in writing by Seller.  Purchaser shall pay 2% of the Purchase Price (but not the ISC Estimate or 
reimbursements described in the foregoing sentence) to Seller upon the execution of this Agreement to 
serve as a non-refundable deposit and exclusivity fee (the “Exclusivity Fee”) and the remaining amounts 
due under this Section 4 at the Closing.   
 
5. 
Transfer of Real Property.4 
 
 
[5.1 
At Closing, Seller (or the applicable affiliate) shall assign or cause to be assigned 
the tenant’s interest in the Leases to Purchaser effective as of the close of business on Closing Date.  
Purchaser shall accept the assignment and assume and be responsible for all obligations of the tenant 
pursuant to the Leases arising from and after the Closing Date.  At the Closing, Purchaser and Seller (or 
its applicable affiliate) shall execute an Assignment and Assumption of Lease in the form of Exhibit “F” for 
each of the Leases.  Purchaser acknowledges that Seller’s obligation to assign the Leases is contingent 
upon obtaining all consents required under the Leases, including that of the landlord and landlord’s 
 
3 Note:  If there are no Upgrade Obligations, include “None.” on Schedule 2.2. 
4 Note:  To incorporate the relevant Section(s) in accordance with the type of real estate transaction. 
