ADDENDUM TO LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the California Franchise Investment Law, the parties to the attached TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, 
LLC LICENSE AGREEMENT (“the Agreement”) agree as follows: 
 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED 
AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE LICENSE BE DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE OFFERING 
CIRCULAR. 
 
 
Section 15 of the Agreement, “Expiration and Termination,” shall be supplemented by the following sentences which shall be 
considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the licensee concerning termination 
or non-renewal of a license.  If the License agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure document, in a form containing the 
information that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing 
franchise. 
  
You must sign a general release if you renew or transfer your franchise.  California Corporations Code §31512 voids a waiver 
of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code §§31000 through 31516).  Business and Professions 
Code §20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code §§20000 through 20043). 
 
 
If the License Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy, this provision may not be enforceable under federal 
bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
 
 
If the License Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause, under California Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated 
damages clauses are unenforceable. 
 
 
Section 3.8 of the Agreement, under the heading “Restaurant System and Procedures” shall be supplemented by the following 
sentences which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement: 
 
 
If the License Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the termination of the license, this 
provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
To the extent this Addendum shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of said License Agreement or 
Exhibits or Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern. 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Addendum to the License Agreement on 
the same day and year that the License Agreement has been executed. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
