 
 
 
 
 
16 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
at a cost of $25,000. You must also pay YRSG directly for ADA inspection costs which are estimated to 
cost $2,250, as reflected in the above $27,250 estimate, for the cost of First Unit Construction Services. 
YRSG (or its designee) also provides real estate services, which are optional, at a cost of $10,000. For your 
second and subsequent Units, you are not required to, but may, sign a Development Services Agreement 
with YRSG for construction and/or real estate services to be provided by YRSG (or its designee), at the 
costs provided above, or you may use an approved third-party construction management firm. See Item 5. 
For additional on-site visits, beyond the construction management phase of the development services, due 
to circumstances beyond YRSG’s control and necessary to complete the project, you will be charged $1,600 
per day on site if YRSG has two weeks’ prior notice or $2,000 per day on site if YRSG has less than two 
weeks’ prior notice. See Exhibit L. 
 
(C) 
 The building and site construction cost estimates are based on development in Dallas, Texas. You 
will need to adjust your projected costs based on the location where you plan to build, as actual costs vary 
considerably according to local building and zoning ordinances, prevailing construction costs in the 
geographic region, size and condition of the site. These figures are estimates, and we cannot guarantee that 
you will not have additional expenses starting the business.   
 
(D)   
This amount includes costs for a required Preferred National A&E Consultant to do the A&E work 
as described in Item 5, architectural services, civil services, permit processing, inspection, utility fees, 
special impact fees, etc. You will need to adjust your projected costs based on the location where you 
plan to build, as actual costs vary considerably according to local building and zoning ordinances, 
prevailing construction costs in the geographic region, size and condition of the site. This figure is an 
estimate, and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business. 
 
(E)    Opening inventory figures are based on costs for the first week of operation. Costs will vary 
depending on your actual sales. 
 
(F) 
The Additional Funds category includes an estimate of the funds needed to cover incremental 
operating expenses for the initial three months of business, i.e., costs and expenses that generally occur in 
the startup period of the business above and beyond the standard costs of operation. These figures are 
estimates, and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business. Both 
operating costs and incremental costs associated with the startup phase of the business depend on many 
factors, including your management skill, experience, and business acumen, the developing experience and 
efficiency of the crew members, local economic conditions, local market conditions, prevailing wage rates 
in your community, competition, and the sales level reached in the period covered. Additionally, you are 
responsible for all costs and expenses associated with the required training, including travel and living 
expenses, etc. for your employees.  See Item 11. 
 
 
We relied on more than 60 years of experience to compile these estimates for Express Units. You 
should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before you decide to purchase the license.  
Except as outlined in Item 10 below, we do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the 
initial investment. Your ability to obtain financing will depend on a number of factors, such as the general 
availability of financing, your credit worthiness, collateral you may have, and lending policies of individual 
financial institutions. Other than the late charges specified in Item 6, these estimates do not include any 
finance charges, interest, or debt service payments. 
 
