 
 
 
 
 
22 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Distributors that are needed in a region, the business reputation and financial stability of the applicant, the 
applicant's ability to fill orders timely and accurately, to adhere to our schedules, to maintain confidentiality 
and other factors as we decide are appropriate.  We may also impose additional obligations at the applicant's 
expense, such as training for employees or equipment upgrades, as conditions for our approval.  We may 
charge the Vendors and Distributors a fee to cover the costs of the approval process, including inspections 
and investigations. You are not required to pay us any fees in connection with our approval of an additional 
Vendor or Distributor.   
 
 
We understand that Vendors and Distributors may treat these charges as part of their costs in 
providing the Products, and pass along that cost to their customers, including you, in the form of higher 
prices for Products. We also understand that the imposition of these charges may discourage some potential 
Vendors and Distributors from applying for our approval. We do not directly derive any revenue from 
Vendors or Distributors as a result of sales to you. We do not receive lower prices or discounts from Vendors 
or Distributors because of purchases by you. However, we do receive royalties from third-party aggregator 
companies in consideration of our licensing their use of the Trademarks for the aggregators to provide 
services to restaurants, as described below. We do not provide material benefits to you based on your use 
of designated or approved sources. 
 
 
 
We may, at any time, review the performance of any approved Vendor or Distributor to determine 
whether our policies and specifications are being followed. We may inspect at any time during regular 
business hours, without advance notice, any facility used or operated by an approved Vendor or Distributor 
for its Taco Bell business to check for compliance with this policy. We may, upon five days' advance notice 
in writing, audit the business records (including records which would show the quality, specification and 
source of goods purchased) of any approved Vendor or Distributor to verify compliance. We may revoke 
our approval immediately upon notice in the event we judge that our policies are not being followed. 
 
 
In addition, the beverages of The Coca Cola Company are not approved for sale by you in your 
Unit. 
 
Pepsi-Cola Company Agreement 
 
 
Through YUM, we are bound to an agreement with the Pepsi-Cola Company (“Pepsi”), under 
which we are obligated, subject to certain exceptions, to serve only soft drinks licensed by Pepsi and/or by 
the Pepsi/Lipton Tea Partnership (“Partnership”) through December 31, 2026.  If you purchase an existing 
Unit from TBC or its subsidiaries or affiliates, you must assume this obligation by entering into the 
franchisee version of the Pepsi-Cola Beverage Supply and Marketing Agreement, a copy of which will be 
provided to you prior to your entering into the APA for the purchase of any existing Units (See Exhibit I).  
Further, all franchisees and licensees, regardless of whether they purchase an existing Unit from TBC or 
one of its subsidiaries or affiliates, are required to exclusively sell products licensed by Pepsi and/or the 
Partnership, subject to certain exceptions. The terms of your contract with Pepsi will be on substantially the 
same terms as the contract under which we are bound.  
 
Third-Party Aggregator Programs  
  
           TBC and its affiliates have entered into agreements with third-party aggregators, including 
DoorDash, Uber Eats/Postmates, and Grubhub, to provide Units with online ordering, pickup and/or 
delivery capabilities. These agreements are negotiated by YUM and its affiliates for the benefit of the 
System including franchisees and licensees. Participation in these programs is required, and you must enter 
into a contract with the third-party aggregators. TBC may receive royalty payments from the third-party 
aggregators for licensing the Taco Bell brand and certain Trademarks to those third parties to provide 
services to Units.  For the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2024 TBC received $46,502,008.00 in 
revenues from third party aggregators.    
