TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
8 
• 
maintaining a franchise capital account and any funds on deposit therein; 
• 
entering into the guarantee and collateral agreement, pursuant to which the Company guarantees the 
Issuer’s notes described in Note 5, guaranteeing additional series of notes from time to time and, pursuant 
to the guarantee and collateral agreement, granting to the trustee a lien on certain collateral owned by the 
Company as security for obligations of the Issuer and the obligations of the Company under the guarantee 
and collateral agreement; 
• 
entering into the management agreement, pursuant to which TBC (“the Manager”) will manage assets and 
provide certain other services on behalf of securitization entities as described in Note 4; 
• 
entering into the other transaction documents to which it is a party and undertaking any other activities 
related thereto. 
The Company is required to maintain a minimum of $15 million in net worth in order to qualify for the large 
franchisor exemption under certain U.S. state franchise registration laws.  As of December 31, 2024, the 
Company had $53.3 million of net worth reflected as Member’s equity. 
Cash generated by the franchise agreements is not directly collected by the Company or Franchise Holder as 
such cash is deposited into an account held in the name of the Issuer and such cash is transferred to trustee 
cash accounts described in Note 5.  The Company, Franchise Holder, Franchisor Holdco, the Issuer and IP 
Holder (collectively the “Securitization Entities”) have entered into an amended and restated management 
agreement with the Manager under which the Manager performs certain services related to franchise 
arrangements and other assets held by the Securitization Entities, including collecting franchise payments and 
managing the assets. See Note 4 for further discussion of the management agreement.  
(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
(a) Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company, which has no 
subsidiaries.  
(b) Use of Estimates 
The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of 
revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
(c) Fiscal Year 
The Company’s fiscal year ends on the last Tuesday in December.  As a result, there will be either 52 or 
53 weeks in the fiscal year.   
Fiscal year 2024 included 53 weeks which added $12.8 million to Total revenues and Net income in its 
2024 Statement of Income.  
The next fiscal year scheduled to include a 53rd week is 2030. 
(d) Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds the Company has temporarily invested (with original 
maturities not exceeding three months).  The Company’s restricted cash and cash equivalents of $33.1 
million and $31.4 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023, respectively, are held in a 
