 
 
13 
declared invalid; provided, however, that in the event any part hereof relating to the payment of fees to the Company, or the ownership 
or preservation of the Trademarks, trade secrets or secret formulae licensed or disclosed hereunder is for any reason declared invalid or 
unenforceable, then the Company shall have the option of terminating this Agreement upon written notice to the Licensee. 
 
 
 
16.3  Choice of Law.  The Licensee acknowledges that the Company will grant numerous licenses throughout the 
United States on terms and conditions similar to those set forth in this Agreement and that it is of mutual benefit to the Licensee and to 
the Company that these terms and conditions be uniformly interpreted.  This Agreement; all relations between the parties; and, any and 
all disputes between Licensee and Company, whether such dispute sounds in law, equity or otherwise, is to be exclusively construed in 
accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of New York without recourse to New York (or any other) choice 
of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any provision of this Agreement is not enforceable under the laws of New York, and if 
Licensee’s franchised business is located outside of New York and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in 
which the franchised business is located, then that provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted and construed under the laws of 
that state.  This Section is not intended to invoke, and shall not be deemed to invoke, the application of any franchise, business opportunity 
or similar law of the State of New York which would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or otherwise but for the within 
designation of governing law. 
 
 
 
16.4  Jurisdiction and Venue.  With respect to any court proceeding between the Licensee and the Company concerning 
the enforcement, construction or alleged breach or termination of this Agreement, the Licensee hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction 
and venue of the federal and California state courts located in Orange County, California, for all such matters, and promises not to 
commence against the Company any court proceeding concerning such matters in any other courts.  
 
 
 
16.5  Notices.  Any notice from the Company that is required hereunder to be given in writing, and all notices from the 
Licensee to be given hereunder, shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when first tendered or received, whether in person, through 
United States mail or through reputable private delivery service, during normal business hours for the locale of the addressee at the 
appropriate address set forth below, or such other address as one party may hereafter provide to the other with not less than three (3) 
days' notice. 
 
THE COMPANY: 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
THE LICENSEE: 
name 
 
1 Glen Bell Way 
 
 
 
address  
 
Irvine, California 92618 
 
 
city state zip 
 
Attn:  General Counsel 
 
 
16.6  Terms and Headings.  Whenever any word is used in this Agreement in one gender, it shall also be construed as 
being used in the other genders, and singular usage shall include the plural and vice versa, all as the context shall reasonably require.  
The headings inserted in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement or limit 
the generality of any of its provisions. 
 
 
 
16.7  Compliance with Laws.  The Licensee shall at its own cost and expense, promptly comply with all laws, 
ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, and requirements of all federal, state and municipal governments and appropriate departments, 
commissions, boards, and offices thereof.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Licensee shall abide by all applicable rules 
and regulations of any Public Health Department having jurisdiction over the Restaurant. 
 
 
 
16.8  Lease of Land and Building.  In the event that the parties have executed a lease of land or building relating to the 
premises described in Subsection 1.0 (the "Lease''), such Lease is hereby incorporated in this Agreement by reference, and any failure 
on the part of the Licensee (lessee therein) to perform, fulfill or observe any of the covenants, conditions or agreements contained therein 
shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.  It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed by the Licensee that any 
termination of the Lease resulting in the Licensee's loss of possession of the Restaurant shall result in immediate termination of this 
Agreement without further notice. 
 
 
 
16.9  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between 
the parties and supersede and cancel any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, representations, inducements 
and statements, oral or written, of the parties in connection with the subject matter hereof. Nothing in the preceding sentence, however, 
is intended to disclaim the representations the Company made in the license disclosure document that the Company has provided to the 
Licensee.    
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
 
16.10  Amendment or Modification.  Except as expressly authorized herein, no amendment or modification of this 
Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both the Company and the Licensee. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties personally or through their duly authorized signatories have executed this Agreement 
in duplicate on the day and year written below. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
  
 
 
LICENSEE 
