 
 
3 
to keep and respect such confidences extended by the Company to the Licensee, to obtain from employees with access to such 
information an agreement to keep and respect such confidences, and to be responsible for compliance by said employees with such 
agreements. 
 
 
 
3.7  The Manual and all such other materials furnished to the Licensee hereunder are and shall remain the property of 
the Company and shall be returned by the Licensee to the Company immediately upon the expiration or earlier termination of this 
Agreement for any reason. 
 
 
 
3.8  During the term of this Agreement, the Licensee shall not, without the prior express written consent of the Company, 
directly or indirectly, perform any services for, engage in or acquire any financial, beneficial or equity interest in, any business similar to 
that of the Restaurant.  In the event this Agreement is terminated by the Company for breach by the Licensee, the same restrictions shall 
apply for a period of one year following such termination, but only with respect to similar businesses operated within a ten mile radius of 
the Restaurant.  For purposes of this subsection, a ''similar business'' is a restaurant business which prepares or sells Mexican style food 
products.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Licensee and his or her family, collectively, may own up to ten percent (10%) of the stock 
of a publicly traded company engaged in a similar business.  If any court or other tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or 
enforceability of this subsection determines that it would be invalid or unenforceable as written, then in such event the provisions hereof 
shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to be valid and enforceable. 
 
SECTION 4:  TRAINING 
 
 
 
4.0  The Company shall make available to the Licensee and one Restaurant manager, the Company's TACO BELL 
RESTAURANT operations training course. 
 
 
 
4.1  Before the Restaurant shall open for business, one person from the Licensee's organization who is designated to 
be the initial manager of the Restaurant shall either:  (a) attend, for such period of time as the Company shall deem reasonably necessary, 
and complete the Company's training course to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company, or (b) otherwise be approved by the Company 
to manage the Restaurant.  In the event this Agreement is the first license agreement between the Company and the Licensee, then 
before the Restaurant shall open for business, the Licensee shall also attend, for such period of time as the Company shall deem 
reasonably necessary, and complete the Company's training course to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. If the Licensee fails 
to successfully complete the Company's training course, then at the option of the Company this Agreement may be terminated. 
 
 
 
4.2  The Licensee and at least one Restaurant manager shall, from time to time as reasonably required by the Company, 
personally attend and complete a Company-provided refresher course in TACO BELL RESTAURANT operations. 
 
 
 
4.3  The Licensee shall be responsible for the compliance of Restaurant operations with the standards, methods, 
techniques and material taught at the Company's operations training course, and shall cause the Restaurant employees to be trained in 
such standards, methods and techniques as are relevant to the performance of their respective duties. 
 
 
 
4.4  Attendance of the Licensee and one manager of the Restaurant shall be tuition-free at all training courses, but at 
the Licensee's sole cost and expense, including, without limitation, the cost of travel, lodging, meals and other related and incidental 
expenses. 
 
SECTION 5:  RESTAURANT MAINTENANCE 
 
 
 
5.0  The Licensee shall, at the Licensee's sole cost and expense, maintain and repair the Restaurant, related 
equipment, signage, improvements, landscaping and the Restaurant premises in conformity with the standards, specifications and 
requirements of the System, as the same may be designated by the Company from time to time, and as appropriate replace any or all of 
such items (other than the Restaurant building or premises).  The Licensee shall replace equipment as necessary or desirable at the 
Licensee's cost and expense and obtain at his or her cost and expense any new or additional equipment as may be reasonably required 
by the Company for new products, procedures, administration, marketing or communication.  Except as may be expressly provided in the 
Manual, no alterations or improvements, or changes of any kind in design, equipment or decor shall be made in, on or about the 
Restaurant or Restaurant premises without the prior written approval of the Company in each instance.   The Licensee shall at the 
Licensee's sole cost and expense, replace as necessary such equipment, signage, improvements and landscaping in conformity with 
such standards, specifications and requirements of the System. 
 
 
 
5.1   In order to assure the continued success of the Restaurant, the Licensee shall, from time to time as reasonably 
required by the Company (taking into consideration the cost and then remaining term of this Agreement), modernize or modify the image 
of the Restaurant building, premises and equipment to the Company's then current, reasonable standards and specifications.  The 
Licensee's obligations under this subsection are in addition to, and shall not relieve the Licensee from, any of its other obligations under 
this Agreement, including those contained in the Manual. However, no such modernization or re-imaging shall be required by the 
Company unless and until the Company has at that time committed to implement such standards and specifications within the then current 
or following calendar year in at least twenty-five percent (25%) of those TACO BELL RESTAURANTS then operated by the Company 
within the United States. 
 
5.2  If the Licensee is or becomes a lessee of the Restaurant premises, the Licensee shall provide the Company with 
a true and correct, complete copy of any such lease, and shall have included therein provisions, in form satisfactory to the Company, 
expressly permitting both the Licensee and the Company reasonable opportunity to take all actions and make all alterations referred to 
