 
4 
 
 
Restaurant so long as the New Restaurant is opened to the public by the Opening Date of the last 
Time Period as set forth in Schedule A. This payment will not be credited toward the initial fee for 
any other restaurant and is non-refundable.    
 
B.   For each New Restaurant that is not developed on or before the Opening Date Franchisee agrees 
to pay to Taco Bell $4,231 (“Period Sum”) for each four- or five-week accounting period of Taco 
Bell’s pertinent financial calendar (“Accounting Period”) starting on the Opening Date.  Each 
payment of a Period Sum shall be made by Franchisee within seven (7) days after the last day of 
that Accounting Period to which it applies. For each New Restaurant not opened on or before the 
Opening Date, the Period Sum shall be paid by Franchisee until the earlier of i) the date that the 
New Restaurant actually opens in such Development Location or ii) 10 years after the Opening 
Date. For each New Restaurant opened in the middle of an Accounting Period, Franchisee shall 
pay a pro-rated Period Sum for that portion of the Accounting Period occurring after the New 
Restaurant’s opening. Franchisee shall not be entitled to a reimbursement of any amount paid as 
a Period Sum.  
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee will not be liable to Taco Bell for any Period Sum to the 
extent that Franchisee’s failure to meet the development schedule for any New Restaurant resulted 
directly from a Force Majeure Event provided that any delay resulting from a Force Majeure Event 
shall extend performance, and suspend Franchisee’s payment of any Period Sum, only so long as, 
and to the extent that, Franchisee’s performance is prevented by such Force Majeure Event. The 
foregoing extension shall not exceed six (6) months for any given New Restaurant.  Further, to be 
eligible for the extension,  Franchisee shall (a) promptly (and in any event within five (5) days) notify 
Taco Bell in writing of the nature and extent of the circumstances of the Force Majeure Event, which 
notice shall contain a reasonably detailed description of the Force Majeure Event and the impact, 
issues and/or destruction that such event has caused, and (b) use commercially reasonable efforts 
to establish and implement a plan that minimizes the disruption of such Force Majeure Event to 
Franchisee,  remedies the situation, and removes the cause of Franchisee’s inability to perform as 
soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.  The foregoing shall not limit any other 
remedy available to Taco Bell relating to a breach by Franchisee of this Agreement or the Franchise 
Agreements. Franchisee shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the removal of the cause of any Force Majeure Event. 
 
9. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH CONDITIONS. 
 
If Franchisee fails to: 
 
i)  meet Taco Bell’s financial and operational criteria for development in accordance with Taco Bell’s 
then-current policies, procedures and standards; or 
 
ii)  remain in good standing as a Taco Bell franchisee, as determined by Taco Bell in accordance with 
its then-current policies, procedures and standards; or 
 
iii)  make any payment due under Section 8 of this Agreement and cure such breach within ten (10) 
days of written demand from Taco Bell, 
 
then Taco Bell shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and Franchisee shall be required to pay 
to Taco Bell within five (5) days of written demand all amounts that would be due under Section 8 of 
this Agreement at or prior to the Expiration Date, or such later date as may be specified in Section 
8.B.   
  
10.  DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
 
This Agreement; all relations between the parties; and any and all disputes between Franchisee and 
Taco Bell, whether such dispute sounds in law, equity or otherwise, is to be exclusively construed in 
accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of New York without recourse 
to New York (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  If, however, any provision of 
