 
 
10. 
INDEMNITY 
 
Tenant covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend (with counsel reasonably acceptable 
to Landlord) and to hold Landlord free and harmless of and from any and all losses, liabilities, 
claims, damages, costs, expenses, demands, suits, actions, and causes of action, whether 
foreseen or unforeseen (collectively, the “Losses”) of any and all persons whatsoever, and of 
and from any and all liability to Tenant, its agents and employees, licensees, invitees, and any 
and all persons coming upon or near the Premises, during the Term hereof, as may be renewed 
or extended, arising out of, or connected with, or by virtue of Tenant's occupation or maintenance 
of the Premises, or any willful, wrongful or negligent act or commission or omission of Tenant, 
its agents, servants, guests, customers, contractors, permitted licensees, invitees or employees, 
subtenants or assignees, including attorney’s fees and costs of suit incurred by Landlord in 
defending against any such claims, demands, suits, actions or causes of action.  This Article 10 
shall expressly and permanently survive the termination of this Lease.  
 
11. 
SIGNS 
 
Tenant shall not place or permit to be placed any sign, marquee, awning or decoration 
on the exterior of the Premises without the written consent of Landlord unless such is used in 
conjunction with Franchisor’s regional or national advertising campaigns. All signage shall meet 
applicable governmental requirements and the use of all interior or exterior signs shall be 
consistent with Franchisor’s advertising and trademark standards. 
 
12. 
PERIODIC INSPECTION OF PREMISES 
 
Tenant shall permit Landlord, Franchisor, and/or their respective agents, to enter into 
and upon the Premises at all reasonable times for the purpose of inspecting the same or for the 
purpose of posting notices of non-liability for alterations, additions or repairs, or for the purpose 
of placing upon the Land in which the Premises are located any usual or ordinary "For Sale" 
signs, without any abatement of Rent.   
 
13. 
DESTRUCTION OF PREMISES 
 
In accordance with Section 18 of this Lease, if any building or improvements situated on 
the Premises should be damaged or destroyed due to any cause whatsoever, Tenant shall give 
immediate notice thereof to Landlord, and Tenant shall cause said improvements to be repaired 
and restored to the same general condition to which same existed immediately prior to the time 
of the occurrence of said damage or destruction with reasonable diligence, but in no event later 
than ninety (90) days thereafter, subject to force majeure and/or Tenant’s receipt of the 
necessary permit(s). In no event shall Rent abate, and moreover, Landlord shall have no 
obligation or liability whatsoever to Tenant, and Tenant shall not be entitled to recover any 
damages whatsoever from Landlord for any loss occasioned by such damage or destruction. 
 
14. 
CONDEMNATION 
 
14.1  Entire Taking. In the event the entire Premises shall be appropriated or 
condemned under the power of eminent domain by any competent authority for any public or 
quasi-public use or purpose (or, in the reasonable opinion of Tenant, a substantial portion of the 
Premises so that the remainder of the Premises is not suitable for Tenant’s Use), this Lease 
shall terminate when possession thereof shall be required by the appropriating or condemning 
