 
 
-2- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
d) prepare a site submittal package as required by each applicable Brand; and 
 
e) assist with the applicable Brand approval process(es).  
 
2.2 
In connection with the provision of Real Estate Services, Client agrees as follows: 
 
a) Client shall furnish YRSG with a list of sites Client has examined in the Trade Area along with a list of any 
real estate brokers used by Client in such examination, designating which real estate brokers have been 
consulted on which sites; 
 
b) If YRSG has used a real estate broker to find a site, Client will support such broker in obtaining a commission 
from the seller or landlord, as the case may be; 
 
c) For a period of three (3) years after the execution of this Agreement, Client shall not develop or operate a 
Yum restaurant on any site presented to Client by YRSG pursuant to this Agreement, except pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement or otherwise with the consent of YRSG.  A "Yum restaurant" includes any KFC, 
Pizza Hut, and/or Taco Bell restaurants and any other brand of restaurant then-owned or licensed by Yum! 
Brands, Inc., YRSG or their affiliates; and 
 
d) The selection and approval of a site by YRSG or any Brand and/or any affiliate of YRSG, and its acceptance 
by Client, shall not be construed or implied to be any representation that such site shall generate any specified 
level of sales or otherwise be profitable for Client.  Client accepts all risks connected with the development 
and operation of the Restaurant at such site. 
 
 
ARTICLE 3 
CONSTRUCTION  SERVICES 
 
If this Agreement is for Real Estate Services only, this Article 3, with the exception of Section 3.2 which will be provided 
as part of the Real Estate Services, is inapplicable and YRSG assumes no duties, obligations or liabilities pursuant to this 
Article, other than the Services provided as part of the Construction Feasibility Phase described in Section 3.2.   
 
3.1 
Construction Services.  YRSG shall perform the services described in this Article 3 (collectively, the 
“Construction Services”) if this Agreement includes Construction Services.  In performing these services, YRSG 
shall promote cooperation among the Architect (as defined below), the General Contractor (as defined below) 
and the Client.  YRSG does not provide legal services or advice.  All legal aspects of such services, including 
legal compliance and all contractual and other document review, are Client’s sole responsibility. All consultants, 
vendors, suppliers and service providers are subject to YRSG’s reasonable approval. 
 
3.2  
Construction Feasibility Phase.  YRSG shall perform the following Services as part of the Construction 
Feasibility Phase (if Feasibility Phase is declined by Client, the following services will not be performed): 
 
a) coordinate with Client’s consultants to complete a feasibility summary including a construction and zoning 
analysis and preliminary on-site investigation of the Project site; 
 
b) coordinate with Client’s consultant to develop a site sketch and assist to obtain Brand approval of same; 
 
c) Taco Bell’s A&D Brand Designer will recommend a building type and equipment package for the Project 
to Client; 
 
d) Upon Client’s consultant completing a feasibility and on-site investigation, develop the Project budget 
(building, site, equipment, design and construction costs, and miscellaneous fees); and 
 
e) develop the Project schedule. 
 
 
