 
 
 
 
 
42 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
granted.  All goodwill now or in the future associated with and/or identified by the Trademarks (including 
any goodwill arising out of your use of the Trademarks) will inure directly and exclusively to the benefit 
of Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, us or our other affiliates. 
 
 
You must exercise caution in your use of the Trademarks to ensure that the Trademarks and the 
goodwill associated with them are not jeopardized in any manner.  You may not use the Trademarks in any 
manner or in connection with any statement or material that is, in our sole judgment, in bad taste or 
inconsistent with the Taco Bell public image, or that could tend to bring disparagement, ridicule, or scorn 
upon us, the Trademarks, the System, the products or services of the System, or the goodwill associated 
with the Trademarks.  You will not adopt, use, or register (by filing a certificate or articles of incorporation, 
a fictitious business name statement, or otherwise) any trade or business, name, style, or design that 
includes, or is similar to, any of the Taco Bell trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, insignia, 
slogans, emblems, symbols, designs, or other identifying characteristics. 
 
 
We may designate new Trademarks on any such terms and conditions as we deem appropriate.  We 
will have the right at any time and upon notice to you to make additions to, deletions from, and changes in 
the Trademarks, all of which additions, deletions, and changes will be subject to the terms of the License 
Agreement.  All such additions, deletions, and changes will be made in good faith, on a reasonable basis, 
and with a view toward the overall best interest of the System. 
 
 
You must immediately notify us of any claims or charges of trademark infringement against you, 
us or Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, as well as any information you may have of any suspected trademark 
infringement by a third party.  We will use reasonable efforts to protect and preserve the integrity and 
validity of the Trademarks, including taking actions we deem appropriate in the event of any apparent 
infringement of the Trademarks.  You may not, however, take any action with respect to any challenges 
against your use of the Trademarks, or any known or suspected infringements of the Trademarks by other 
parties, without our prior, written approval.  Whenever requested to do so by us, you will cooperate fully 
in any such action.  There is no written obligation, in the License Agreements or otherwise, to protect any 
rights that you have to use the Trademarks or to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair 
competition with respect to the same. We, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC and/or our affiliates have the right to 
control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving any of the Trademarks licensed to you. 
 
 
You must adopt and use the Trademarks strictly according to the terms and conditions of the 
License Agreement. 
 
Item 14 
 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
 
We do not own any patents or copyrights that are, in our opinion, material to the license. However, 
we claim copyright protection of OneSource and related materials, although these materials have not been 
registered with the United States Registrar of Copyrights. We do own copyrights in a variety of radio and 
television commercials, manuals, and reports. You may use these copyrighted materials to operate the Unit 
without additional charge, except that you have to purchase and pay for the printed materials (e.g., signs 
and posters). 
 
 
Information disclosed to you and your employees concerning the development and operation of 
Units includes valuable proprietary information and trade secrets and is considered our property. You may 
use this information only as provided in the License Agreement. If you sign a Relationship Agreement with 
us (Exhibit K), each member of your governing body must also sign a confidentiality agreement with us on 
a form reasonably acceptable to us. You may not use our confidential information in any unauthorized 
manner and you must take reasonable steps to prevent its disclosure to others. 
