STATE OF MARYLAND 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Sections 17. (v) and (w) of the FDD are amended by adding to the Summary section the following provision: 
 
A licensee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.   
 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the 
franchise. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
ADDENDUM TO  
LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the Parties to the attached Taco Bell 
Franchisor, LLC License Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows: 
 
 
Section 16 of the Agreement, “Miscellaneous,” is supplemented by the following sentence, which shall be considered an 
integral part of the Agreement: 
 
All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel  
or waiver of liability are not intended to, nor shall they, act as a release, estoppels or  
waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and  
Disclosure Law. 
 
Section 16.3 of the Agreement, "Applicable Law,” is supplemented by the following sentences which shall be considered an 
integral part of the Agreement: 
 
The Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law allows a licensee to bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims 
arising under this Law.  Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be 
brought within 3 years after the grant of the license. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
To the extent this Addendum shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the License Agreement or 
Exhibits or Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern. 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Addendum to the License Agreement on 
the same day and year that the License Agreement has been executed. 
 
 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
