G - 4 
750030713 
limitation, the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Franchisee or 
any Guarantor), such obligations shall, for the purposes of this Guaranty, to 
the extent that such payment is or must be rescinded or returned, be deemed 
to have continued in existence, notwithstanding such application by 
Franchisor, and this Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, 
as the case may be, as to such obligations, all as though such application by  
Franchisor had not been made. 
 
 
 
8. 
Each Guarantor agrees not to exercise any rights which it may acquire by 
way of subrogation or by any indemnity, reimbursement or other agreement 
until all of the obligations hereunder have been indefeasibly paid in full in 
cash and the Franchise Agreement(s) have been terminated.  If any amount 
shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence, such 
amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of Franchisor and shall forthwith 
be paid to Franchisor to be credited and applied to the obligations hereunder, 
whether matured or unmatured. 
 
II. 
GENERAL 
 
 
Franchisor agrees to release any Guarantor from its (or his or her) prospective obligations 
under this Guaranty upon the expiration of one year following such Guarantor’s approved 
sale of all his, her or its direct or indirect interests in Franchisee, unless (1) such Guarantor 
retains a management, supervisory or other controlling or decision-making position or role 
in Franchisee or any of its direct or indirect parent entities, or (2) a breach or default in this 
Guaranty, the Relationship Agreement, or a Franchise Agreement occurs on or prior to 
such one year anniversary in which case the effectiveness of this Guaranty with respect to 
such Guarantor shall continue until all such breaches and defaults have been cured. 
 
III. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 
A. 
Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Guaranty shall 
be in writing addressed to the addressee at the address specified in the Relationship 
Agreement (or such other address as is specified in writing by the addressee) by 
nationally recognized courier and will be deemed received by the addressee on the 
date of delivery. 
 
 
B. 
This Guaranty will inure to the benefit of Franchisor, its successors and assigns and 
may be assigned by Franchisor to any other party without Guarantors’ prior 
approval. 
 
 
C. 
No Guarantor may assign any of its (or his or her) rights or obligations under this 
Guaranty. 
 
 
D. 
The delay or failure of Franchisor to exercise any right or remedy pursuant to this 
Guaranty will not operate as a waiver of the right or remedy.  All rights and 
