 
 
1 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
KT SUCCESSOR LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made by date, by and between TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC a Delaware limited liability company 
(the ''Company''), and names (the ''Licensee''). 
 
RECITALS 
 
 
A. 
The Company is the originator of a distinctive concept for the marketing, preparation and sale of certain Mexican and 
other style food products (the "TACO BELL RESTAURANTS" or the "Restaurants"). 
 
 
B. 
The Company owns or controls various trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, designs (including 
product package designs), symbols, emblems, logos, insignias, external and internal building designs and architectural features and 
combinations of the foregoing (collectively, the "Trademarks"), which are used by it, its licensees and franchisees in offering, selling and 
distributing its products and services. Some of the Trademarks are set forth and described on Appendix 1 to this Agreement. 
 
 
C. 
The Company has developed, owns and has adopted for its own use and the use of its franchisees and licensees a 
unique system of quick service restaurant operation (the "Taco Bell System" or the "System"), consisting of a variety of distinctive sign 
and facility designs, equipment specifications and layouts, recipes, methods of food presentation and service, business techniques, 
copyrighted manuals and other materials, trade secrets, know-how and technology.   
 
 
D. 
The Company has established, and is continuing to develop and operate, a chain of quick service "Taco Bell" and "Taco 
Bell Express" restaurants or units which are fundamentally uniform in image and in food style and which share many fundamental menu 
items and methods of operation (the “Taco Bell Chain"). 
  
 
E. 
The Taco Bell Chain enjoys widespread public acceptance due in part to (1) uniform high standards for the preparation, 
presentation and service of Taco Bell food; (2) an essentially uniform menu, image, appearance and methods of operation in all 
Restaurants and units; (3) uniform use of the System and the valuable and distinctive Trademarks; and (4) the Taco Bell licensees' and 
franchisees' commitments to maintain and enhance the goodwill and public acceptance of Taco Bell products, services and Restaurants 
by strict adherence to these uniform standards as they now exist and may be revised from time to time pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 
F. 
The Licensee, aware of the above, has applied for a successor license and desires to establish and operate a Taco 
Bell Restaurant, as part of a multibrand Kentucky Fried Chicken/Taco Bell restaurant, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement.  
 
WITNESSETH 
 
The parties hereby act and agree as follows: 
 
SECTION 1:  GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 
 
1.0  The Company hereby grants to the Licensee a limited license to use the Trademarks solely in direct connection 
with the sale of the food, beverage and other products referred to in Subsection 3.5 from the TACO BELL RESTAURANT to be established 
pursuant to this Agreement at the following location: 
 
 
Unit No. unit 
 
address  
 
city state zip 
 
  
(the "Restaurant") 
 
The grant of this limited license to use the Trademarks is further subject to the terms, conditions and limitations hereinafter set forth; 
including, among others, those contained in Section 14 entitled ''TRADEMARKS.'' 
 
 
1.1  Throughout the Term of this Agreement (as defined below), Licensee shall operate the Restaurant in strict accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement and shall perform all other obligations of the Licensee provided for by this Agreement. 
 
 
