 
 
 
 
 
14 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Column 1 
Type of Fee 
(Note A) 
Column 2 
Amount 
Column 3 
Due Date 
Column 4 
Remarks 
One-Step 
Merchandising 
Program for 
Taco Bell Units 
or Multi-One 
for KT Units 
$275 per quarter per Restaurant 
As billed 
Provides national merchandising 
and menu support.  Additional 
fees may be billed for additional 
marketing materials at the 
discretion of Taco Bell. 
 
 
Notes: 
 
(A)  All fees are uniformly imposed by us and are payable to us electronically via K-RISE, unless otherwise 
stated. They are not refundable. Fees paid to us are to be net of any and all withholding, excise, gross 
receipts, sales, use and other similar taxes (other than state or federal corporate income tax).  If any 
governmental entity imposes a tax, the tax will be due and payable by you to us when you pay the fee.   
 
(B)  We reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to modify the royalty rate on a temporary or 
permanent basis for atypical locations or unusual development or operational circumstances. 
 
(C) If a state or local law in which your Unit is located prohibits or restricts in any way your ability to pay 
and our ability to collect the period license fee derived from the sale of alcoholic beverages at your Unit 
(an “Alcohol Restriction Law”), you will be required to pay whatever increased percentages of all Gross 
Sales not deriving from the sale of alcohol are necessary so that the royalty you pay equals the royalty you 
would make if you were not subject to an Alcohol Restriction Law. 
 
(D)  If you are an existing Licensee, and you request and are granted at our sole discretion a successor 
license, upon execution of the then-current Successor Agreement you must pay a nonrefundable successor 
fee in an amount equal to $11,250.  
 
(E) Prior to the issuance of a Successor Agreement, we may, at our sole discretion, agree to temporarily 
extend the term of the License Agreement or the KT Successor License Agreement to allow you additional 
time to complete the required upgrade of the Unit, in which case you will be required to pay an extension 
fee. (See Amendment of License Agreement/KT Successor License Agreement, Exhibit B-3.) 
 
(F) We may choose to require that you pay a development fee calculated by multiplying the aggregate 
number of new Units you are required to develop and operate under the Market Build Out Agreement by 
the sum of $22,500.  We will credit the portion of the development fee attributable to a new Unit against 
the initial fee for such new Unit so long as such new Unit is opened in accordance with the Market Build 
Out Agreement. As stated in the above table, in the event that you miss an opening date, payments of $4,231 
for each four- or five -week accounting period of our pertinent financial calendar will be due until the date 
that you actually open the new Unit or 10 years following the missed opening date, whichever first occurs. 
 
Please refer to Item 11 for additional computer and electronic technology equipment and support fees. 
