STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS 
RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE LICENSE BE DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
The California Business and Professions Code Section 20000 through 20042 provide rights to the Licensee concerning termination or non-
renewal for a license.  If the License Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure document, in a form containing the information 
that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise. 
  
You must sign a general release if you renew or transfer your franchise.  California Corporations Code §31512 voids a waiver of your 
rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code §§31000 through 31516).  Business and Professions Code 
§20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code §§20000 through 20043). 
 
If the License Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy, this provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy 
law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
 
Under California Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
 
With respect to the licenses governed by California law, Taco Bell will comply with the California Franchise Relations Act, Section 
20025, which requires except in certain specific cases, that a licensee be given 180 days written notice for non-renewal of the franchise 
agreement. 
 
Licensor’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) address is www.yum.com/franchising 
 
Licensor’s website has not been reviewed or approved by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation.  Any 
complaints concerning the content of this website may be directed to the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation 
at www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
 
The State of California also requires that the following Addendum to License Agreement be included in the FDD. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
 
