 
 
4 
contemplated termination and a reasonable time in which to take and make the above actions and alterations and provide that the 
Licensee has the unrestricted right to assign such lease to the Company. 
 
SECTION 6: ADVERTISING AND PUBLICITY 
 
 
     
 
6.0    The Company shall develop and administer advertising and sales promotion programs designed to promote and 
enhance the collective success of all TACO BELL RESTAURANTS.  It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed that in all 
phases of such advertising and promotion, including, without limitation, type, quantity, timing, placement and choice of media, market 
areas and advertising agencies, the decisions of the Company made in good faith shall be final and binding.   
 
    
 
6.1   All advertising materials of the Licensee (including, but not limited to, television commercials, radio commercials, 
billboards, posters, placards, banners, countercards and window slicks, whether used inside or outside the Unit) using the Trademarks 
or pertaining to the Unit must be approved in writing prior to their use by the Licensee. 
 
  
6.2  In order to maintain the high reputation of the Taco Bell System and for the benefit of all of its operators, the 
Licensee shall report immediately by telephone to the Company the occurrence of any incident at or concerning the Restaurant or the 
business conducted there which is or is likely to become the subject of publicity through the news media or otherwise.  The Licensee 
hereby acknowledges that the Company alone is authorized to speak or make statements, public or private, on behalf of the Taco Bell 
brand or the Taco Bell System, and the Licensee shall in every instance consult and coordinate with the Company in advance of 
communicating with the media or of creating publicity for the brand or System outside the normal course of business.  
  
SECTION 7:  FEES 
 
 
 
7.0  As partial consideration for the rights granted hereunder, the Licensee shall pay the Company throughout the Term: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a)  An initial license fee of ___________ Dollars ($______) due upon execution hereof. The Licensee 
acknowledges that the granting of this license is the only consideration for the payment of this initial license fee; and   
 
 
 
 
(b)  A license fee for each of the Company's four-week accounting periods (or five-week accounting periods, 
as determined from time to time by the Company, each whether four or five weeks an "accounting period") equal to ten percent (10%) of 
Gross Sales (as defined below). 
 
 
 
 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a federal, state or local law in which the Restaurant is located prohibits or 
restricts in any way the Licensee’s ability to pay and/or the Company’s ability to collect that portion of the period license fee (identified in 
“(b)” above) related to Gross Sales deriving from the sale of alcoholic beverages at the Restaurant (an “Alcohol Restriction Law”), then 
the Licensee instead will be required to pay as the period license fee whatever increased percentages of the Restaurant’s non-alcoholic 
beverage Gross Sales (that is, total period Gross Sales minus the amount of Gross Sales derived from the Licensee’s sale of alcoholic 
beverages) as will result in the Licensee’s paying the period license fee which would otherwise pertain if the Licensee were not subject 
to an Alcohol Restriction Law. 
 
 
 
7.1  Due Dates.  Until notified otherwise by the Company, the periodic fees required pursuant to Subsection 7.0 shall 
be paid by check mailed and postmarked on or before the fifth (5th) business day immediately following the four (or five) week accounting 
period (as designated by the Company) in which such sales were made.  When so notified by the Company, the periodic fees required 
pursuant to Subsection 7.0 shall be paid by electronic funds transfer received on or before the fifth (5th) business day immediately 
following the last day of the pertinent accounting period (as designated by the Company) in which such sales were made.  Any payment 
which is not paid when due shall incur the then-customary administrative charge and shall bear interest from and after the due date at 
the rate of (i) eighteen percent (18%) per annum or (ii) the highest rate permitted by law, whichever is less.  
 
 
 
7.2  Definition.  The term "Gross Sales" as used in this Agreement shall mean the total of all cash or other payments 
received for the sale of food, beverages and other tangible property of every kind sold at, in, upon, or from the Restaurant, and all amounts 
which shall be received as compensation for any services rendered therefrom, excluding only sales taxes, employee meals, overrings 
and refunds to customers. 
 
 
 
7.3  Taxes.  All fees paid by the Licensee to the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to the Company 
net of any and all withholding, excise, gross receipts, sales, use and other similar taxes (other than state or federal corporate income tax 
of the Company), so that, for example, in the event any governmental entity would impose a tax of 5% on royalties paid by the Licensee 
hereunder, then the Licensee would pay to the Company 10.53% of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales as the license fee instead of the 10% 
of Gross Sales payable without any such tax. 
 
SECTION 8:  RECORD KEEPING 
 
 
 
8.0  From time to time, the Company may provide the Licensee with a TACO BELL RESTAURANT record keeping 
system and forms, and the Licensee shall employ such system, without modification, in connection with the business of the Restaurant.  
 
