  
-7- 
 
are Seller’s responsibility hereunder may be paid, at the election of Seller, from the proceeds of the 
Purchase Price and other amounts that are payable to Seller hereunder); 
 
 
8.3 
Purchaser being as of the Closing Date an approved franchisee of TB Franchisor 
in accordance with TB Franchisor’s policies and procedures. 
 
 
8.4 
Each of Purchaser and Shareholders having paid any and all amounts due to 
Seller or its affiliates (including KFC Corporation and Pizza Hut, LLC) and due to TB Franchisor, including 
without limitation any amounts due under any existing Taco Bell Franchise Agreements with TB Franchisor 
or its affiliates guaranteed by Purchaser or any Shareholder or to which Purchaser or any Shareholder is a 
party. 
 
 
8.5 
Delivery to the Escrow Agent on or before the Closing Date of each and all of the 
following:  
 
 
[a. 
an Assignment and Assumption of Lease for each Lease in the form of Exhibit 
“F” attached hereto;]5 
 
 
[b. 
an executed copy of the Land and Building Lease in the form of Exhibit “H” for 
each of the Fees;]6 
 
 
[c. 
a Deed for each of the Fees in the form of Exhibit “I” attached hereto;]7 
 
 
d. 
a Bill of Sale in the form of Exhibit “C” attached hereto; 
 
 
e. 
Purchaser's certified Shareholders’ resolution authorizing the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement;  
 
 
f. 
Purchaser's certified board resolution authorizing the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement; 
 
 
g. 
a certificate of Purchaser’s good standing as a domestic corporation or a limited 
liability company, or as a foreign corporation or limited liability company authorized to do 
business, whichever is applicable, in each state in which one or more of the Restaurants 
is located and in the state of Purchaser’s incorporation, in each case certified by the 
applicable Secretary of State, no more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date; 
 
 
h. 
a General Release substantially in the form of Exhibit “D” hereto;  
 
 
i. 
an opinion letter from Purchaser’s counsel dated as of the Closing Date 
substantially in the form of Exhibit “E” hereto; and 
 
 
8.6 
Purchaser’s reasonable, good faith satisfaction as to the condition of the 
improvements [and the soils] at each of the Restaurants.  If Purchaser or Purchaser’s lender requires 
environmental reports relating to the Real Property, Purchaser shall first obtain Seller’s written consent and 
shall retain a nationally recognized firm designated by Seller, in Seller’s sole discretion, to perform such 
work.  In no event shall Purchaser have the right to perform (i) environmental audits or inspections with 
respect to any Leasehold or (ii) any invasive or destructive audit, testing or investigation, including any 
 
5 Note:  To delete if not relevant. 
6 Note:  To delete if not relevant. 
7 Note:  To delete if not relevant.  
