  
-9- 
 
affiliate) has good and marketable title to the Assets except for any matters of record or conditions which 
are apparent from an inspection of the property; (b) Seller (or an affiliate) is in possession of the 
Restaurants; and (c) there are no existing tenancies, leases or subleases on any of the Real Properties, 
except as expressly provided herein to be transferred to Purchaser pursuant hereto. 
 
 
9.3 
To Seller's current actual knowledge, neither Seller nor any affiliate has assigned, 
sublet, created, granted or transferred any Leasehold or other interest or estate of any nature or term to 
any party which will interfere with the transfer or lease of any Fee or Leasehold to Purchaser or Purchaser’s 
possession or use of same as contemplated herein. 
 
 
9.4 
To Seller’s current actual knowledge, each Lease is in full force and effect, the rent 
and all amounts due thereunder are paid current, and the tenant thereunder is not in material default under 
any of the terms of any Lease. 
 
 
9.5 
 Seller does not make any warranty as to the condition of the Assets, except as 
expressly provided in this Section 9, including without limitation any warranty as to merchantability or fitness 
of the Equipment or other personal property.  Except as expressly provided in this Section 9, Purchaser 
and Shareholders acknowledge that Purchaser is acquiring the Assets in "AS IS" condition, without any 
warranty express or implied. 
 
 
9.6 
Seller is not a foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Internal 
Revenue Code, and, therefore, no withholding of tax is required by Purchaser upon the transfer of the Real 
Properties.  Seller’s taxpayer identification number is 95-2213656, and Seller’s business address is 1 Glen 
Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618. 
 
10. 
Covenants of Seller.  Between the date hereof and the Closing Date Seller (directly or 
through an affiliate) shall: 
 
 
10.1 
Except as provided herein, carry on business at the Restaurants in substantially 
the same manner as heretofore conducted; 
 
 
10.2 
Maintain the Assets in their current condition in all material respects, subject to 
ordinary wear and tear; and 
 
 
10.3 
Pay, discharge and be solely responsible for all obligations incurred in connection 
with the operation of the Restaurants through the Closing Date. 
 
11. 
Representations and Warranties of Purchaser and Shareholders; Post-Closing 
Covenants of Purchaser and Shareholders.  Each of Purchaser and Shareholders hereby represents 
and warrants to Seller as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date the matters set forth in Sections 
11.1 and 11.2 below, and after the Closing Date Purchaser shall (and Shareholders shall cause Purchaser 
to) comply with the covenants set forth in Sections 11.3 and 11.4 below. 
 
 
11.1 
Purchaser 
is 
a 
duly 
formed 
and 
validly 
existing 
[limited 
liability 
company][corporation] incorporated in the State of [_____________], in good standing.  Purchaser and 
each Shareholder have full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement.  This 
Agreement and all other documents and instruments executed and delivered by Purchaser and 
