 
 
 
 
 
9 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Item 5 
 
INITIAL FEES 
 
 
The initial license fee for an Express Unit is $22,500. The initial license fee for a Power Pumper 
Unit will range from $22,500 to $45,000. We may modify the initial license fees for atypical locations or 
unusual development or operational circumstances. These initial license fees are part of the general 
revenues for us and are not set aside for any particular purpose. The initial license fee is not refundable after 
receipt of payment from the licensee unless we determine in our discretion that the licensee and the Unit 
qualify for a waiver or reduction in the initial license fee.  
 
 
I. Registration and Payment of Initial License Fee 
 
Existing licensees may apply for a license for a specific location by registering the site on 
MYTACOBELL, which website will be made available to you after you are approved by us as eligible to 
become a licensee and paying a $10,000 deposit towards the initial license fee. The deposit as well as other 
fees due to us are to be paid electronically via K-RISE on the MYTACOBELL website. The deposit is not 
refundable unless after receipt of payment from the licensee, we determine that the licensee and the 
restaurant qualify for a waiver or reduction in the initial fee.  
 
After your receipt of notification that we have approved your site location and upon ground break 
of the Unit, the balance of the initial license fee is due.  After receipt of payment, we will prepare and send 
to you the License Agreement and Release (see Exhibits B-1 and C); and if we have authorized the transfer 
of the individual interests in the license to a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, an 
assignment and personal guaranty in a form substantially similar to that attached as Exhibit B-2. If the initial 
license fee is not paid in full or the license documents are not timely signed and returned to us, we will not 
permit the Unit to open for business.    
 
 
II. Units Acquired from the Company or our Affiliates  
 
On occasion we or an affiliate will sell to certain licensees or franchisees one or more existing Units 
including KT Units operated by us or an affiliate. If you purchase the license for an existing Unit operated 
by us or an affiliate, the total purchase price for the restaurant may exceed $1,800,000, excluding real 
property costs, and will include the per Unit initial license fee and amounts representing the value of the 
building, equipment, signs and inventory. The purchase price for the sale of one or more existing restaurants 
varies and is typically based on a multiple of cash flow. If the sale includes a multi-brand restaurant, the 
initial franchise or license fee for the other brand is not included in the purchase price and must be paid 
separately, and you will be required to comply with the other brand’s standards and sign additional 
documentation. You will enter into an Asset Purchase Agreement (“APA”) with us in a format substantially 
similar to that attached as Exhibit I. The APA will define the purchase price and other expenditures and 
obligations you are to pay or assume to purchase the Units covered by the APA. You will be required to 
pay a deposit that will vary in amount depending on the size of the transaction, but is generally 2% of the 
purchase price. The deposit is refundable only in certain situations as specified in the APA. You may be 
required to enter into a Market Build Out Agreement, in a form similar to that included in the APA (see 
Exhibit J to the APA), for the development of one or more new Units.  
 
When more than one Unit is being sold, the Units are not individually priced but are sold as a group 
and may or may not include the purchase of the real property. Over the last 3 years, 2022 through 2024, our 
affiliate, Taco Bell of America, LLC, and/or its affiliates, sold groups of Units, ranging from 1 to 3 Units 
with the sales prices ranging from $1.1 million to $12.7 million per group.  
 
