  
-16- 
 
 
27. 
Costs and Expenses.  Each party shall pay its own legal fees and costs incurred in 
connection with the negotiation, preparation and consummation of this Agreement. 
 
28. 
Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of the parties hereto, and their respective successors in interest and assigns.  This Agreement shall not, 
however, be assignable or transferable in whole or in part, by any party hereto except upon the express 
prior written consent of the other parties, except that each of Seller and TB Franchisor may assign its 
interest in this Agreement to any of its affiliates, so long as such assignment does not relieve the assignor 
of any of its liabilities to Purchaser or Shareholders.  Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to 
confer upon any person, other than the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted 
assigns, any rights, remedies or obligations under, or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
29. 
Additional Acts and Documents.  Each party hereto shall do all such things and take all 
such actions to make, execute and deliver such other documents and instruments, as shall be reasonably 
requested to carry out the provisions, intent and purpose of this Agreement. 
 
30. 
Time.  Time is of the essence in respect of this Agreement and each and every provision 
hereof. 
 
31. 
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, construed in 
accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the state of New York, but without regard to its choice of 
law provisions. 
 
32. 
Dispute Resolution.  For purposes of this Section only, Purchaser shall be deemed the 
exclusive authorized agent of, with full authority to bind and act on behalf of Shareholders and each of 
them, and on its own behalf.  The parties shall attempt to resolve and settle by direct, private negotiation 
any claim, controversy or dispute (each, a “Dispute”) that arises under or in relation to this Agreement.  If 
Seller and Purchaser cannot resolve and settle a Dispute by private negotiation within ten (10) business 
days after one party gives the other written notice that a Dispute exists, either may demand in writing that 
the Dispute be submitted to non-binding mediation as follows: 
 
 
32.1 
Mediation shall occur in Orange County, California, before a single mediator, using 
facilities and mediation rules of the National Franchise Mediation Program, a dispute resolution process for 
franchising administered under the auspices of CPR Legal Program, Inc. (“CPR”). 
 
 
32.2 
Within five (5) business days after receipt of such demand, Seller and Purchaser 
shall jointly request CPR to nominate three (3) available, qualified mediators to Seller and Purchaser.  To 
be qualified, a mediator must have experience with business format franchising and have no prior business 
or professional relationship with either party, other than as mediator.  To be available, a mediator must be 
generally available to conduct the mediation within the thirty (30) day period following the parties' selection 
of the mediator.  Within five (5) business days after receiving the list of nominees, each of Seller and 
Purchaser shall inform CPR in confidence of such party’s first choice of mediator.  If both Seller and 
Purchaser choose the same nominee, such nominee shall be the mediator.  If Seller and Purchaser choose 
different nominees, the nominee not selected by either party shall be the mediator. 
