STATE OF MICHIGAN 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE 
DOCUMENTS.  IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS 
ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
 
(a) 
A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
 
(b) 
A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel which deprives a 
franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act.  This shall not preclude a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, 
from settling any and all claims. 
 
 
(c) 
A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its term except for good cause.  
Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such 
failure after being given written notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such 
failure. 
 
 
(d) 
A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating the franchisee by 
repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, 
and furnishings.  Personalized materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and 
furnishing not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation.  This subsection applies 
only if:  (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from 
continuing to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other 
commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 months 
advance notice of franchisor's intent not to renew the franchise.   
 
  
(e) 
A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available to other franchisees 
of the same class or type under similar circumstances.  This section does not require a renewal provision. 
   
 
(f) 
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state.  This shall not preclude the 
franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct arbitration at a location outside this state. 
 
 
(g) 
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, except for good 
cause.  This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the franchise.  Good cause shall 
include, but is not limited to: 
  
 
 
 
(i)  the failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then current reasonable qualifications or standards. 
 
 
 
(ii)  the fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or subfranchisor. 
 
 
 
(iii)  the unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful obligations. 
 
 
 
(iv)  the failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the franchisor or to cure any default 
in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer. 
 
 
(h) 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely identified with the 
franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a 
franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision 
prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of such 
assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner 
provided in subdivision (c). 
 
 
(i) 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise transfer its obligations 
to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been made for providing the required contractual services. 
 
(j) 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
The fact that there is a notice of this offering on file with the Attorney General does not constitute approval recommendation, or 
