 
 
 
 
 
30 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
lease or other obligation.  
 
YUM Lending Assistance for Qualified Licensee Applicants  
 
YUM has entered into an arrangement with a third party, LS BDC Adviser, LLC, an affiliate of 
Lafayette Square Holding Company, LLC (“Lender”), pursuant to which Lender (through one or more of 
its managed or advised funds) may provide financing to qualified licensee applicants, including low-to-
moderate income individuals in underserved American communities. This arrangement is open to all 
eligible applicants regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age. Under such arrangement, 
We will refer licensee candidates to Lender in our sole discretion and Lender will in good faith 
independently evaluate such candidates for one or more available credit products based on Lender’s then-
prevailing underwriting guidelines. The credit products will be term loans (including delayed-draw term 
loans) and revolving loans. The financing covers acquisition, refinancing and related costs of a franchised 
or licensed Unit. Lender will evaluate, underwrite, and approve candidates; however, as a further incentive 
to Lender to extend credit to franchisee or licensee candidates referred by YUM to Lender, YUM may, but 
is not obligated to, provide credit support in the form of limited guaranties, typically in the form attached 
as Exhibit N. If YUM elects to provide credit support, then you, Lender and YUM will sign a letter 
agreement in the form attached as Exhibit M in connection with which YUM will guaranty for the benefit 
of Lender up to 33% of the original principal or commitment amount of your franchised business loan (up 
to a maximum guaranty amount of $5,000,000). It is not YUM’s general practice or intent to sell or assign 
the letter agreement. 
 
If you are offered and accept financing from Lender as described above, you are required to agree 
to the terms of such financing with Lender, including as relates to the amount of the loan, the interest rate, 
finance charges, the repayment term, and any prepayment terms. Under the licensee financing arrangement 
with Lender, none of YUM, us, or any of our respective affiliates are entitled to receive, and do not receive, 
any fee or other consideration from Lender when it makes a loan to a franchisee or licensee. Further, Lender 
is not restricted under the arrangement from selling or assigning to an affiliate all or any part of any loan it 
makes to you. 
 
Required Terms 
 
• 
The licensee must notify YUM within three days if the loan is more than thirty days past due. 
• 
In the event of a default under the loan, Lender may accelerate the obligation to pay the entire 
principal balance plus interest and costs (including attorneys’ fees), and YUM (or its designee) will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to buy out any licensee loan at any time for the then-
outstanding principal balance of the loan plus the accrued interest and related fees. 
• 
Licensee is not required to make payments to YUM under the letter agreement unless YUM makes 
a payment to Lender under the guaranty, following which licensee must reimburse YUM for all 
payments made by YUM to Lender and all related costs and expenses incurred by YUM. 
• 
You are not required to grant a security interest under the letter agreement but if YUM purchases 
the loan following an event of default any security interest granted to Lender will be transferred to 
YUM (or its designee). 
• 
In the event of a default under the loan or letter agreement, we will have the right to terminate the 
License Agreement and the Market Build Out Agreement, if executed. 
• 
The guaranty signed by your owners in connection with the letter agreement provides for a waiver 
of diligence, presentment, demand, protest, and notice of non-payment, protest, and suit. 
 
In addition to YUM’s arrangement with Lender, YUM may, but is not obligated to, provide similar 
lending assistance to qualified licensee applicants who receive financing from other lenders. 
 
