 
 
-5- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
ARTICLE 5 
USE OF YRSG DEVELOPMENT  
PROCESSES AND STANDARDS 
 
5.1 
Client acknowledges that it is engaging YRSG to utilize YRSG’s development and/or construction processes and 
standards.  Client agrees to comply and abide by such processes and standards. 
 
5.2 
Client acknowledges and agrees that YRSG will use its business discretion for the benefit of Client.  Client 
expressly authorizes YRSG to approve and/or execute on behalf of Client, as Client’s agent, any contract, 
change order or single expenditure up to $25,001 without obtaining the express consent of Client.  Client 
shall be obligated and liable with respect to any such contract, or change order and/or expenditure approved 
or executed by YRSG on Client’s behalf pursuant to this Section 5.2. 
 
5.3 
Client acknowledges and agrees that YRSG will not provide legal services or advice, that YRSG has urged Client 
to retain counsel at Client’s own choosing and expense, and that Client is solely responsible for all legal aspects 
of any service provided to Client by YRSG pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
 
ARTICLE 6 
CLIENT'S RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
In addition to Client’s other obligations described elsewhere in this Agreement, Client shall be responsible for those items 
set forth in this Article 6 (to the extent applicable to the services being performed by YRSG hereunder). 
 
6.1 
Client shall provide complete and accurate information in a timely manner regarding the requirements of the 
Project, including a detailed program which sets forth Client's objectives, constraints and criteria, including space 
requirements and relationships, flexibility and expandability requirements, special equipment and systems, and 
site requirements. 
 
6.2 
Client shall be solely responsible for negotiating and preparing a lease or purchase agreement for the site, as well 
as preparing all necessary easements, memorandum of lease, and other documents necessary for closing the 
transaction after all permits are obtained, including recording necessary documents and obtaining title insurance. 
 
6.3 
If YRSG determines in its reasonable discretion that it is necessary or advisable to obtain the services of 
additional architects, space planners, engineers, contractors, interior decorators, attorneys and/or other 
experts and consultants (“Additional Service Providers”), YRSG shall assist in the selection of such 
Additional Service Providers.  Once an Additional Service Provider has been selected, Client shall directly 
engage and pay such Additional Service Provider, and YRSG shall have no obligation to engage or pay any 
Additional Service Provider.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, YRSG may, on behalf of Client and at Client’s 
expense, and without making a request to Client order or otherwise procure such services, information, 
surveys or reports as YRSG, in its sole discretion, determines reasonably necessary for completion of the 
Project.  YRSG shall not be responsible for the service, actions, errors, omissions, negligence or misconduct 
of any Additional Service Provider or others participating in the Project other than YRSG. 
 
6.4 
Client shall take all steps necessary to qualify for any franchise agreement and other authorization and approvals 
required to operate the Yum restaurant, including training, providing documents and information and making 
required payments. 
 
6.5 
If YRSG is providing Construction pursuant to Article 3 above, as part of the Construction Feasibility Phase 
described in Section 3.2, Client agrees to pay for all aerial photograph fees, consulting fees and other costs within 
seven (7) days of a request by YRSG.  
 
6.6 
If YRSG is providing Construction Services pursuant to Article 3 above, at the conclusion of the Construction 
Feasibility Phase described in Section 3.2, Client shall decide upon a building type and equipment package.  
Client shall also provide YRSG with approval of the Project budget and schedule. 
 
