 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letter Agreement 
internal laws of the State of New York but excluding any principles of conflicts of law or other 
rule of law that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of 
the State of New York and further excluding any application of the New York Franchise Act if said 
statute would not by its terms otherwise apply. 
14. 
The parties hereto hereby irrevocably consent and submit to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New 
York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and waive any 
objection based on venue or forum non conveniens with respect to any action instituted therein 
arising under this Letter Agreement or any of the other [Loan Documents] or in any way connected 
with or related or incidental to the dealings of the Guarantor and the Lender in respect of this Letter 
Agreement or any of the other [Loan Documents] or the transactions related hereto or thereto, in 
each case whether now existing or hereafter arising and whether in contract, tort, equity or 
otherwise, and agrees that any dispute with respect to any such matters shall be heard only in the 
courts described above. 
15. 
Each of the parties hereto hereby waives personal service of any and all process 
upon it and consents that all such service of process may be made by certified mail (return receipt 
requested) directed to its address set forth herein and service so made shall be deemed to be 
completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the U.S. mails or by service 
upon such party in any other manner provided under the rules of any such courts. 
16. 
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY 
WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE IN ANY 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS 
LETTER AGREEMENT OR ANY GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS. 
17. 
This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by 
different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be 
deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the 
same Letter Agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Letter Agreement by an 
electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed 
counterpart of this Letter Agreement.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Letter 
Agreement by an electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed 
counterpart of this Letter Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart 
shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Letter Agreement. 
18. 
If one or more provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree that the remainder of this Letter 
Agreement will remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and such term 
or condition shall be reformed to achieve as nearly as possible the same effect as the original term.   
19. 
Guarantor may not assign this Letter Agreement (including without limitation any 
of its respective rights or obligations hereunder) without the prior written consent of Lender, such 
consent not to be unreasonably withheld.  Lender may only assign this Letter Agreement subject 
