 
 
 
 
 
33 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing a Shift 
 
Week 4 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
AGM Activities and 
Leading a Restaurant - 
GM Curriculum 
 
Week 5 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
Leading a Restaurant - 
GM Curriculum 
 
Week 6 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
Leading Multiple 
Restaurants with: 
- Operations Consultant  
- Area Coach Curriculum 
 
Week 7 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
 
Above Restaurant Leader 
Processes and Realistic 
Job Preview 
 
Week 8 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit(s) 
or DMA 
 
 
 
 
Food Safety Certification 
Training** 
(Classroom or online 
learning through 
OneSource) 
8 hours or as 
appropriate to 
meet state and 
local food safety 
training 
requirements 
8 to 10 hours 
Local classroom or on-line learning 
 
*Hours of On-The-Job Training include in-restaurant training through OneSource.  
 
**Food Safety Certification training is required for at least one manager per Unit at your expense.  Training 
can be completed through OneSource, ServSafe or other approved vender that meets state/local Food Safety 
training requirements.  Re-certification of this training must occur every 3 years. 
 
All training instructors and training restaurants are subject to our approval.  All training instructors 
have a minimum of one-year prior training and operations experience in the subjects covered above.  
Currently, the training program is supervised by Jamie Harrison, Interim Chief People Officer since May 
2024. 
 
 
All restaurant employees are required to be certified in their specific job role by successfully 
completing OneSource e-learning courses and on-the-job requirements for their specific job role (Territory 
Manager-Area Coach-General Manager). Once certified, restaurant employees are required to recertify 
during each marketing experience by completing OneSource e-learning courses and on-the-job training 
requirements. 
 
In addition to the above required training, optional classroom training is available at your expense, 
e.g., Achieving Breakthrough Results, HeartStyles – Leading with Heart. 
 
The initial training program for a KT Unit will include training on Taco Bell operations and matters specific 
to the operation of multi-brand restaurants.  You should consult the applicable franchise disclosure 
document provided by the other brands for additional information related to operating a multi-brand 
restaurant.   
