 
 
 
 
 
43 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
 
Item 15 
 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE LICENSE BUSINESS 
 
 
You must devote your full time, best efforts, and constant personal attention to the day-to-day 
operations of the Unit.  If we have authorized you to name an employee as the supervisor of the Unit, then 
that person must successfully complete our training program and is required to devote his or her full time, 
best efforts, and constant personal attention to the day-to-day operations.  The authorized employee is not 
required to hold an equity interest in the business.  If we have approved the transfer of the individual 
interests in the license to a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company (see Exhibit B-2), you 
remain obliged to devote your full time, best efforts and constant personal attention to the day-to-day 
operations of the Unit, unless otherwise agreed between you and us.  
 
 
Except as otherwise provided in the License Agreement, you or a qualified restaurant manager must 
maintain their personal residence within a driving time of approximately one hour from the Unit.  You are 
personally responsible to us under the License Agreement, and we look to you for the performance of all 
duties, liabilities, and obligations described in the License Agreement.  If you are an entity other than a 
natural person, such as an approved assignee corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, we 
require that all of your legal and/or beneficial holders of equity personally guarantee (see Exhibit B-2) the 
performance of your obligations under the License Agreement, except your spouse who holds a beneficial 
equity interest solely because of marriage to you is not required to execute the personal guarantee.  
 
 
During the term of the License Agreement, you and your immediate family, employees, 
shareholders, and others associated with you or the license, must not engage in the service of Mexican-style 
menu or food items at the Unit or anywhere else, except for our own brand of Mexican-style menu or items.   
 
Item 16 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE LICENSEE MAY SELL 
 
 
You must offer for sale and sell all and only the food, beverages, and other products described in 
OneSource. Item 8 above describes restrictions on goods that may be sourced and incorporated into the 
goods and services offered by you at the Unit. We have the unlimited right to change the types of authorized 
goods and services. No trademarks or service marks other than those authorized in writing by us may be 
used in connection with the operation of the Unit. For instance, the products of The Coca-Cola Company 
may not be sold from the Unit. 
 
 
You may not use the Trademarks to conduct business anywhere other than a Unit for which there 
is a valid Agreement, nor may you prepare food at the Unit for delivery or sale elsewhere without our prior 
written consent in the form of an amendment to the License Agreement.  
 
Item 17 
 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 
THE LICENSE RELATIONSHIP 
 
These tables list certain important provisions of the License Agreement and related 
agreements pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution.  You should read 
