 
 
 
 
[to be pasted from Rental Schedule] 
 
5. 
TAXES 
 
In addition to the Rent above specified, Tenant agrees to reimburse and pay to Landlord 
upon demand any and all real estate taxes, assessments, duties, impositions and burdens levied 
or assessed upon the Premises and upon the buildings, appurtenances and improvements 
thereon, as well as its proportionate share of taxes on any Common Areas in the event the 
Premises are part of a shopping center (collectively, the “Taxes”) as they become due under 
this Lease and without regard for the time period related thereto. If by law any Taxes may, at 
the option of the taxpayer, be paid in installments, Tenant may exercise that option, and pay the 
installments (including any additional amounts due because of such installment election) as they 
become due during the Term.  
 
In addition, Tenant agrees to reimburse and pay to Landlord all sales, use or similar taxes 
based upon the amount of the Rent paid herein whether assessed to the Tenant, Landlord or a 
third party, such as the owner of property who has leased the property to Landlord, and Tenant 
agrees to hold Landlord free and harmless from payment of all of the same. If the amounts of 
such taxes are not paid by Tenant at least seven (7) days prior to the date they become 
delinquent, then Landlord may pay the same, together with penalties and interest, if any, and 
Tenant agrees, upon demand of Landlord, to pay and to reimburse Landlord for the same, 
together with interest upon any sums of money so paid by Landlord at the rate of the lesser of 
eighteen percent (18%) per annum, or the maximum rate allowed by the state in which the 
Premises are located, from date of payment by Landlord to date of reimbursement by Tenant. 
 
6. 
USE OF PREMISES; CONTINUOUS OPERATIONS; FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE 
RATIO 
 
6.1  Permitted Use. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the Premises may be used 
solely by Tenant and only as a [BRAND] brand restaurant (“Tenant’s Use”) under a valid 
Franchise Agreement issued by Franchisor and for all things related thereto and incidental 
thereto or in furtherance of said purpose.  Any other use of the Premises, or any portion thereof, 
must be pre-approved in writing by Landlord, which may be withheld, conditioned or otherwise 
delayed in Landlord’s sole and absolute discretion.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary as 
contained herein, so long as Landlord is an affiliate of Franchisor or YUM! Brands, Landlord’s 
consent may be arbitrarily withheld or denied. 
 
6.2  Prohibited Uses. No auction, fire, or bankruptcy sales may be conducted on the 
Premises for whatever reason without Landlord's prior written consent. Tenant shall observe 
and comply with the conditions and requirements of any insurance policies covering all or part 
of the Premises or the use thereof. Tenant shall at all times, comply promptly with all applicable 
statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders and requirements regulating or affecting 
the Premises and/or the use, occupancy or possession of the Premises by Tenant that are now 
or hereafter in effect. Tenant shall promptly give Landlord a copy of any written notice received 
by Tenant of any violation of any governmental law, ordinance, rule, regulation or requirement 
applicable to the Premises. Tenant shall not abandon the Premises and shall keep open for 
business during the customary hours, except as may be impracticable due to strikes, lockouts, 
acts of God or conditions beyond Tenant's control.  
 
