12 
750030713 
subsequent to the public reporting by Yum! Brands, Inc. of financial information 
for the same reporting period(s); and 
 
 
 
3.  
Franchisor shall have the right to contact and discuss the financial condition 
of Franchisee with any of its lenders and/or other creditors, whether as part of a 
proposed financial restructuring of Franchisee or otherwise. 
 
 
 
Q. 
Financial Covenants:  
 
1. 
Each Obligor agrees to cause Franchisee to maintain, at all times during the 
term of this Agreement, a (i) Rent Adjusted Leverage Ratio (according to 
the calculation set forth on Exhibit B) equal to or less than 6.00, provided 
that any revolving credit facility will not be taken into account in the 
calculation of the Rent Adjusted Leverage Ratio except to the extent of any 
amount actually drawn upon such revolving credit facility (the “RAL 
Financial Covenant”); and (ii) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (according to 
the calculation set forth on Exhibit B) equal to or more than 1.10 (the 
“FCCR Financial Covenant” and, together with the RAL Financial 
Covenant, the “Financial Covenants”). 
2. 
Each Obligor agrees that, without Franchisor’s written approval, which 
approval shall be in the sole discretion of Franchisor, [such Obligor]4 will 
not make, declare, authorize or pay any dividend, distribution or partnership 
income to any person unless Franchisee is in compliance with (i) the RAL 
Financial Covenant; and (ii) the FCCR Financial Covenant. 
3. 
Each Obligor agrees that the violation of any Financial Covenant will 
constitute a breach of this Agreement under Section II(K) and, if any such 
violation occurs during any fiscal quarter during the term of this Agreement, 
Franchisee (or an Obligor on behalf of Franchisee) shall provide written 
notice thereof to Franchisor promptly (and in any event within five (5) 
business days) following the quarterly financial statements for the 
applicable fiscal quarter in which the violation occurs becoming available 
(which notice to Franchisor shall contain relevant financial information and 
other supporting documentation of Franchisee).  
4. 
Notwithstanding anything set forth in Section II(Q)(3) to the contrary, 
Obligors and Franchisee shall not be in breach of this Agreement under 
Section II(K) (and the required Letter of Credit Amount shall not be subject 
to adjustment in connection with a Financial Covenant violation) if, prior to 
the expiration of the date that is thirty (30) days after Franchisee provides 
the written notice to Franchisor described in Section II(Q)(3) (such 30-day 
period, the “FC Cure Period”), Franchisee (or any Obligor) cures the 
 
4 Note: If there are parent entities that this provision should not apply to, change bracketed language to “none of 
Holdings, [intermediate subsidiaries under Holdings], or Franchisee” 
