 
 
the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum, or the maximum rate permitted by the laws of 
the state in which the Premises are located (“Interest”) (the “Late Charge” and “Interest” are 
collectively referred to as the “Charges”). 
 
37. 
OFFSET 
 
Tenant hereby waives any and all existing and future claims and offsets against the Rent, 
payments or other obligations due hereunder, and Tenant agrees to pay the Rent and other 
amounts hereunder and to observe, keep and perform all other provisions of this Lease required 
to be observed, kept or performed by Tenant regardless of any offset or claim which may be 
asserted by Tenant or on its behalf. 
 
38. 
JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
 
 
If more than one Tenant is named in this Lease, or otherwise appears in any chain of 
assignments or subleases hereof, the liability of each party shall be joint and several. 
 
39. 
TITLES 
 
The titles of the sections of this Lease are solely for the convenience of the parties, and 
are not to be used as an aid in the interpretation of the terms and conditions thereof. 
 
 
40. 
CHOICE OF LAW 
 
This Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state 
in which the Premises is located. 
 
41. 
CONFLICT WITH THE APPLICABLE LAW 
 
This Lease is intended for general use throughout the United States and in the event that 
any one of the terms or provisions hereof are in conflict with any statute or rule of law in any 
state or place wherein it may be sought to be enforced, then such provision shall be deemed 
null and void to the extent that it may conflict therewith, but without invalidating the remaining 
provisions thereof, and no such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall invalidate 
such provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 
42. 
GUARANTY 
 
 
The obligations of Tenant under this Lease through and until the end of the Term, as 
may be extended, shall be guaranteed by _______________________ (“Guarantor”), pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of a Lease Guaranty to be executed and delivered concurrently with 
the execution of this Lease, the form of which Lease Guaranty is attached hereto as Exhibit 
“C”. 
 
43.  
MISCELLANEOUS.   
 
No waiver of any breach of this Lease by Landlord or Tenant will be considered to be a 
waiver of any other or subsequent breach.  All of the covenants, agreements, provisions, and 
conditions of this Lease will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto, their 
successors, legal representatives, and assigns and Guarantor.  This Lease and its exhibits, if 
