 
 
 
 
 
19 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
PURCHASE OF EXISTING UNITS FROM US OR AN AFFILIATE 
 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom Payment 
is to Be Made 
Initial License Fee 
 
$2,250 - $11,250 
or more 
Lump Sum At Closing 
Us or our 
designated affiliates  
Building, Equipment, 
Signs, and Inventory  
$150,000 - $1,755,000 
or more 
Lump Sum At Closing 
Us or an affiliate 
Any Leasehold or 
Other Real Property 
Interests 
Varies 
Varies 
At Closing 
Us or an affiliate 
Total Purchase Price 
$152,250 - $1,766,250 
or more 
 
 
 
 
Where the license is intended for an existing restaurant operated by us or one of our affiliates, the 
total purchase price for the restaurant may exceed $1,800,000, excluding real property, and will include the 
per Unit initial license fee as well as amounts representing the value of the building, equipment, signs and 
inventory. When more than one Unit is being sold, the Units are not individually priced but are sold as a 
group and may or may not include purchase of the real property. The purchase price for the sale of one or 
more existing restaurants varies and is typically based on a multiple of cash flow. If you enter into an asset 
purchase agreement (“APA”) (see Exhibit I) with us or one of our affiliates for the purchase of existing 
restaurants, you will be required to pay a deposit that will vary in amount depending on the size of the 
transaction, but is generally 2% of the purchase price. The deposit is refundable only in certain situations 
as specified in the APA. The APA will define the purchase price and other expenditures and obligations 
you are to pay or assume to purchase the restaurants covered by the APA. See Item 5 for additional 
information related to the purchase of existing restaurants from us or an affiliate. 
 
Item 8 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 
 
You must purchase or lease certain products according to our specifications and from suppliers 
approved by us. Essentially, 100% of your purchases and/or leases of furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
smallwares, food and paper products in connection with the establishment and operation of the Unit must 
be made in accordance with our specifications. 
 
We have established quality standards and/or specifications for the food, paper goods, packaging, 
point-of-sale materials, signs, equipment, smallwares, fixtures and other goods, supplies and related 
services ("Products") that are used in the operation of the Units. You are not allowed to use Products from 
any vendor, manufacturer, grower or assembler (together referred to as "Vendors") or any dealer, 
distributor, common carrier, wholesaler, retailer or warehouseman (together referred to as "Distributors"), 
unless the Vendor or Distributor has been approved in advance by us. McLane Foodservice, Inc. 
("McLane") is currently one of the authorized Distributors of food/supply items to us and our affiliates 
throughout the country; there may also be approved Distributors of food/supply items depending on your 
location. Wasserstrom and RSCS Equipment Sales and Services are currently approved Distributors for 
equipment and smallwares as well as certain Computer and Information Technology hardware.  
 
Except as follows, neither we nor our affiliates are currently approved suppliers or the only 
approved supplier for any products or services: 
 
We or our affiliates are an approved supplier of certain required Computer and Information 
