  
-5- 
 
mortgagee, if such consent is required pursuant to the terms contained therein.  Purchaser shall cooperate 
with Seller and use its best efforts to secure the consents of landlord and landlord’s mortgagee if such 
consents are required pursuant to the terms of the Leases.  If a Lease requires that a review fee or other 
charge be paid to the landlord, its attorneys, accountants or other advisors in connection with the 
assignment of that Lease, such fee or other charge shall be paid by Purchaser.  In the event Seller and 
Purchaser are unable to obtain any consent required under any Lease for the assignment of the tenant’s 
interest to Purchaser, Seller shall sublease, or cause to be subleased, such interest to Purchaser (if 
permitted by the terms of the Lease) on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Purchaser and 
Seller.  In the event Seller and Purchaser are unable to obtain any consent required under any Lease for a 
sublease of the affected premises, or are unable to agree on reasonable terms and conditions, either party 
may terminate this Agreement.  Purchaser shall name Seller as an additional insured effective as of the 
close of business on the Closing Date with respect to its insurance coverage required to be carried under 
the terms of Leases.]  
 
 
[5.2. 
At Closing, Seller (or its applicable affiliate) shall convey to Purchaser a leasehold 
interest in each of the Fees by way of a land and building lease agreement for each of the Fees substantially 
in the form of Exhibit “H” (the “Land and Building Lease”).] 
 
 
[5.3. 
At Closing, Seller (or its applicable affiliate) shall convey to Purchaser the  fee 
simple interest in each of the Fees by way of a limited warranty deed (a “Deed”) in the substantially similar 
form (subject to statutory or local requirements) of Exhibit “I” which Deed(s) shall include those restrictive 
covenants described on Exhibit B attached thereto.] 
 
6. 
Franchise Agreements; Required Contracts; Assumption of Liabilities.  Prior to or at 
the Closing, Purchaser shall execute the Taco Bell Franchise Agreement any and all Ancillary Documents 
that TB Franchisor customarily requires of franchisees, including, but not limited to those described in this 
Section 6. 
 
6.1 
For each of the Restaurants, TB Franchisor shall cause the issuance to Shareholders of 
the standard Taco Bell Franchise Agreement for assignment to Purchaser in accordance with TB 
Franchisor’s standard procedures, effective as of the close of business on the Closing Date, each for an 
original term expiring on the expiration date indicated for such Restaurant on Exhibit “A” hereto. 
 
6.2 
Purchaser acknowledges that Pepsi-Cola fountain beverages are being served in the 
Restaurants.  Purchaser shall continue to offer such beverages in the Restaurants following the Closing, 
shall execute any and all agreements and documents required of franchisees in respect of the Pepsi-Cola 
Beverage Supply and Marketing Agreement and shall abide by the terms of that contract.   
 
6.3 
Purchaser shall irrevocably assume and, after the Closing, shall exclusively be responsible 
for, pay, perform and fully satisfy and discharge, in accordance with their terms, all liabilities and obligations 
arising or accruing, or pertaining to any period after the Closing Date: 
 
 
(a) 
relating to the Restaurants or the Assets or the ownership, operation or condition 
of the Restaurants or the Assets; 
