 
 
 
30.4 
If at any time during the Term Landlord is informed of any investigations or claims 
by third parties or the applicable governmental authority, or otherwise determines that an 
investigation of or remediation of a Release of any Hazardous Material at any time at the 
Premises has been commenced or is required to be commenced pursuant to any Environmental 
Law, Landlord shall  take the necessary steps, on behalf of itself and Tenant, its successors 
and assigns, to investigate, defend, litigate, and, if deemed necessary and required of it by the 
applicable governmental authority, remediate such Hazardous Material to the least stringent 
standard permitted by any applicable Environmental Law (the "Environmental Work") and obtain 
any necessary approval of the investigation and/or remediation from any applicable 
governmental authority (the "Approval"). 
 
 
30.5 
Landlord and its agents, representatives, and consultants shall have the right to 
enter upon the Premises, upon reasonable notice to Tenant, at any time during the Term to 
perform any inspection, sampling, investigation or remediation Landlord deems appropriate and 
to perform any Environmental Work.  Tenant shall not restrict Landlord’s access to any part of 
the Premises or impose any conditions to access. 
 
 
30.6 
At any time during the Term, Landlord shall have the right to record in the 
applicable Federal, state and county records any documents or notices that may be required by 
any governmental authority with respect to any Hazardous Material which such governmental 
authority permits to remain at, around or beneath the Premises.  Tenant shall cooperate with 
Landlord with respect to such document or notice and shall sign each document and notice 
required to be signed by the Tenant.  In addition, if the applicable governmental authority 
requires that there be an engineering control, such as an asphalt cap or a layer of soil or any 
other device over any Hazardous Material which will remain at the Premises, then Tenant shall 
be obligated to maintain, repair and replace any engineering control during the Term.  Tenant 
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord, its parent and its affiliates harmless from and 
against any and all Environmental Losses which Landlord, its parent or its affiliates may incur 
as a result of any migration of Hazardous Material caused or aggravated by Tenant's failure to 
maintain, repair or replace any engineering control during the Term.   
 
30.7 This Section 30 shall expressly and permanently survive the termination of the 
Lease. 
 
31. 
ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES AND SALES AND FINANCIAL REPORTING. 
 
Landlord and Tenant shall each execute and deliver to the other, within thirty (30) days 
after request, an estoppel certificate addressing such matters as may be reasonably requested 
by an existing or prospective mortgagee, a prospective transferee of the Premises, or a 
prospective transferee of Tenant's leasehold interest.  In addition, Tenant agrees to provide to 
Landlord quarterly statements of Tenant’s gross sales at the Premises during the Term, as may 
be extended.  Tenant further agrees to provide to Landlord annual financial statements prepared 
and certified by an independent certified public accountant, in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles relating to real estate consistently applied (audited, if available) 
regarding the Tenant entity (and its parent entity, if applicable) due no later than March 31 each 
calendar year (or otherwise within 90 days of the end of Tenant’s fiscal year) during the Term, 
as may be extended.  
 
 
 
 
