TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 
(Tabular amounts in thousands) 
 
 
13 
The Securitization Notes were issued in transactions pursuant to which certain of TBC’s domestic assets, 
consisting principally of franchise-related agreements and domestic intellectual property, were contributed to 
the Securitization Entities to secure the Securitization Notes.  The Securitization Notes are secured by 
substantially all of the assets of the Securitization Entities, and include a lien on all existing and future U.S. 
Taco Bell franchise and license agreements and the royalties payable thereunder, existing and future U.S. 
Taco Bell intellectual property, certain transaction accounts and a pledge of the equity interests in asset-owning 
Securitization Entities.  The remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets that were excluded from the transfers to the 
Securitization Entities continue to be held by TBA and TBC. The Securitization Notes are not guaranteed by 
the remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets, YUM or any other subsidiary of YUM. 
Payments of interest and principal on the Securitization Notes are made from the amounts paid pursuant to 
the franchise and license agreements with all U.S. Taco Bell restaurants, including both affiliate and franchise 
operated restaurants. Interest on and principal payments of the Securitization Notes are due on a quarterly 
basis.  In general, no amortization of principal of the Securitization Notes is required prior to their anticipated 
repayment dates unless as of any quarterly measurement date the leverage ratios (the ratio of total debt to 
Net Cash Flow (as defined in the related indenture)) for the preceding four fiscal quarters of either YUM or the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries exceeds 5.0:1, in which case amortization payments of 1% per year of the 
outstanding principal as of the closing of the Securitization Notes are required.  As of the most recent quarterly 
measurement date, the consolidated leverage ratio for the Issuer and its subsidiaries as defined in the 
indenture did not exceed 5.0:1 and, as a result, amortization payments are not required.  
The Securitization Notes are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of 
this type, including (i) that the Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be available to make required 
interest payments in respect of the Securitization Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory 
prepayments and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified make-whole payments in the 
case of the Securitization Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments relating to 
taxes, enforcement costs and other customary items and (iv) covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to 
information and similar matters.  The Securitization Notes are also subject to rapid amortization events 
provided for in the indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain a stated debt service coverage ratio 
(as defined in the indenture) of at least 1.1:1, gross domestic sales for branded restaurants being below certain 
levels on certain measurement dates, a manager termination event, an event of default and the failure to repay 
or refinance the Securitization Notes on the Anticipated Repayment Date (subject to limited cure rights).  The 
Securitization Notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-
payment of required interest or principal due on the Securitization Notes, failure to comply with covenants 
within certain time frames, certain bankruptcy events, breaches of specified representations and warranties, 
failure of security interests to be effective, certain judgments and failure of the Securitization Entities to maintain 
a stated debt service coverage ratio.  As of December 31, 2024, the Issuer was in compliance with all of its 
debt covenant requirements and was not subject to any rapid amortization events.  
In accordance with the Indenture, certain cash accounts have been established with the indenture trustee for 
the benefit of the note holders and are restricted in their use.  The indenture requires a certain amount of 
securitization cash flow collections to be allocated on a weekly basis and maintained in cash reserve accounts. 
Additionally, the Issuer is required to maintain a senior notes interest reserve amount equal to the Securitization 
Notes interest for the next quarterly payment date.  This interest reserve requirement may be met through 
deposits into a senior note interest reserve account and/or issuance of an interest reserve letter of credit. As 
of December 31, 2024, the Company had restricted cash and cash equivalents of $33.1 million in the senior 
note interest reserve account. 
 
 
 
 
 
