  
-12- 
 
 
 
(a) 
Personal property taxes accruing for the year in which the Closing occurs; 
 
 
(b) 
Real property taxes accruing during the year in which the Closing occurs pertaining 
to the Fees and those which are the lessee’s obligation under each Lease; 
 
 
(c) 
Rent (including, but not limited, to percentage rent) and common area 
maintenance, insurance and other charges under each Lease; and 
 
 
(d) 
All telephone and utility charges and similar obligations relating to the operation of 
the Restaurants. 
To the extent such amounts may be based on an estimate rather than actual statements or invoices and 
later proved to be inaccurate, payment shall be made within thirty (30) days after the statement or invoices 
as may be necessary to allocate all such obligations in accordance herewith have been received. 
 
15. 
Seller’s Employees.  Each individual employed in a non-exempt status at the Restaurants 
will have his or her employment, wages and benefits terminated by Seller (directly or through an affiliate) 
effective as of the close of business on the Closing Date and be fully compensated with all monetary and 
other benefits accrued by him or her up to the date of such termination.  Seller (or the applicable affiliate) 
shall be solely liable and responsible for all accrued salary, vacation, severance and other compensation 
payable up to the Closing Date.  Seller makes no warranty express or implied with respect to the 
qualifications or character of any such individual at the Restaurants. Purchaser shall tender employment 
(at will or otherwise) to each of such individuals employed in a non-exempt status at the Restaurants, such 
employment to commence immediately after the Closing on terms mutually satisfactory to Purchaser and 
the respective employee; provided, however, that in the event Purchaser in its reasonable discretion 
determines that one or more of such individuals is not qualified for hire by Purchaser, Purchaser shall in no 
way be obligated to tender employment to the same, and Purchaser shall immediately (and in any event 
prior to the Closing) inform Seller of the name of each such individual and the basis for Purchaser’s 
determination.  Purchaser shall not terminate, except for cause, the employment of any such individual 
employed by Purchaser or its affiliate as of immediately after the Closing if such termination could result in 
WARN Act liability to Seller, and Purchaser shall be fully liable (and shall promptly indemnify Seller and its 
affiliates) for any liabilities resulting from any action taken (or not taken) by Purchaser or its affiliates post-
Closing with respect to any such individuals, including without limitation under the WARN Act and similar 
state and local laws. 
 
16. 
Indemnification by Seller.  Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser 
and Shareholders for, by, from, against and in respect of:  (a) any claim, liability, obligation, loss, damage, 
cost or expense arising from the acts or omissions of Seller arising from the ownership, use, possession or 
operation (but not the condition) of the Assets or of the Restaurants by Seller prior to the Closing; (b) any 
damage or deficiency resulting from any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or non-fulfillment of any 
covenant or agreement on the part of Seller under this Agreement or from any misrepresentation in or 
omission from any instrument of Seller furnished to Purchaser or Shareholders pursuant to this Agreement; 
and (c) all reasonable expenses and costs, including arbitration and court costs and reasonable attorneys’ 
fees, incident to the defense against any of the foregoing.  This covenant by Seller to indemnify, defend 
