 
Taco Bell Unit No(s).  
 
RELEASE 
 
This RELEASE is made on ___________ by the undersigned license applicant. 
 
In consideration of the license to be issued to the undersigned license applicant (the “undersigned”) for the 
proposed TACO BELL restaurant(s) listed above, each of the undersigned hereby waives, releases, and forever 
discharges Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its affiliated entities, including without 
limitation Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Taco Bell Corp., a California 
corporation  (collectively,  the “Releasees”), and all of the Releasees’ officers, directors, employees, agents, 
attorneys and representatives, as well as each of its and their parents, subsidiaries and affiliates from any and all 
claims, demands, liabilities or causes of action in law or in equity of whatsoever nature arising prior to and including 
the date hereof, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which any or all of the undersigned now have or 
may hereafter have by reason of any act, omission, event, deed or course of action having taken place, or having 
been omitted, or on account of or arising out of any license, franchise or lease agreement or any other agreement 
between the undersigned and any of the Releasees and/or any of its or their parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, 
occurring prior to the date of this Release, except as may be prohibited by law. This Release does not apply to 
claims arising from representations in the Franchise Disclosure Document of Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, and any 
exhibits or amendments thereto.  It is expressly acknowledged by the undersigned that any and all rights 
granted under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code are hereby expressly waived.  Such statute reads 
as follows: 
 
“Section 1542. 
A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not 
know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, and that if 
known by him or her would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor 
or released party.” 
 
In addition, the undersigned hereby warrants and represents to the Releasees and Yum! Brands, Inc. (“Yum”) that 
the undersigned has never assigned to anyone any claim of the undersigned’s against the Releasees or against 
any of the Releasees’ subsidiaries or against Yum whether for damages or any other form of relief. 
 
Name of [insert entity] 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s name 
 
 
BY SIGNING THIS RELEASE YOU ARE GIVING UP ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE OR HAD 
AGAINST THE RELEASEES OR ITS AFFILIATES INCLUDING YUM! BRANDS, INC. OR ANY 
OF THEM, INCLUDING CLAIMS UNRELATED TO THIS PROPOSED DEVELOPMENT OR 
MATTER.  PLEASE CONSULT YOUR ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT. 
 
 
