  
6 
 
 
EXHIBIT B 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 
Financing Restrictions.  During the three (3) year period following the recordation of this Deed, 
Grantee shall not pledge the Property herein conveyed as security under any subsequent 
financing or refinancing or restructuring of the debt created at the time the transfer from Grantor 
to Grantee, without the prior written consent and approval of Grantor, which Grantor may withhold 
in its sole and absolute discretion, which approval shall be subject to certain terms and conditions 
and requirements of Grantor as provided in that certain unrecorded Agreement for Purchase and 
Sale of Certain Assets and Franchisees (the “Agreement ”) by and between Grantor and Grantee 
which was the subject matter of the transaction which resulted in the conveyance herein.  
 
Resale and Sale-Leaseback Restriction.  During the five (5) year period following the 
recordation of this Deed, without the prior written consent of Grantor, which consent  may be  
withheld by Grantor in Grantor’s sole and absolute discretion, Grantee (or the successor in 
interest to Grantee, if any) will not (A) transfer the Property to any person or entity, or (B) permit 
the direct or indirect transfer of any ownership interest in the Property (e.g. by transfer of 
ownership interests of Grantee or of any affiliate of the Grantee that owns an interest (directly or 
indirectly) in the Property), or (C) engage in any Sale-Leaseback Transaction (as such term is 
defined in the Agreement) with respect to the Property.   
 
Right of First Offer. Grantee further agrees and covenants that during the five (5) year period 
from and after the recordation of this Deed, if Grantee (or the successor in interest to Grantee, if 
any) intends to sell or otherwise transfer of any or all of the Property (a “Resale”), Grantee must 
offer in writing to sell to Grantor the Property at the same (allocated) price paid by Grantee 
Purchaser as provided in the Agreement without any adjustment before proposing any sale or 
transfer of any or all of the Property to any third-party or affiliate of Purchaser (the “Right of First 
Offer”).   Grantor shall have a commercially reasonable period of time, not to exceed thirty (30) 
days, to evaluate such offer and inspect the same and to either elect to purchase such Property 
or waive such Right of First Offer in writing.  If Grantor fails to exercise such right to purchase 
such Property as identified in writing from Purchaser within said thirty (30) days, Purchaser may 
proceed to sell such Property to a third-party but at a sale price not less than that as contained in 
the notice and offer to sell provided to Grantor.  Further, any waiver or election by Grantor not to 
exercise such right to purchase such Property shall not waive, nor be deemed to be a waiver of, 
Grantor’s rights hereunder which shall continue through said five (5) year period with respect to 
any subsequent offers to sell any of the Property.  
 
If Grantor does not exercise its right to purchase the Property and Grantee proceeds to sell the 
Property at any time during the five (5) year period from and after the recordation of this Deed to 
any third-party in a bona fide transfer for at least full fair market value, Grantee (or the successor 
in interest to Grantee at such time) shall pay to Grantor an amount equal to one-half (½) of the 
difference between the Resale purchase price for such Property and the Purchase Price allocated 
to such Property as identified in the Agreement.   
 
De-Identification. Prior to any conversion of the Property (at any time) to any other use other 
than as Taco Bell Brand location, Grantee (or its successor or assigns) at its sole cost and 
expense, shall cause the Property to be de-identified in accordance with the Taco Bell Brand 
franchisor’s then current de-identification standards. 
 
 
