 
13. Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a franchisee to reimburse the franchisor for court 
costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such provision applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or 
arbitration proceeding. 
 
14. Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when 
annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inﬂation). In addition, a noncompetition 
covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount 
that will be adjusted annually for inﬂation). As a result, any provision contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that 
conﬂicts with these limitations is void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the 
franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in 
Washington. 
 
16. Questionnaires and  Acknowledgments.  No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating  with  Regulators.  Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements that 
prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in 
the Franchise Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h). 
 
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” 
is deﬁned as a person  that  engages  in  the  business  of the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the 
franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with 
a franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker about a 
franchise. 
The undersigned parties do hereby acknowledge receipt of this Addendum. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
 
 
