 
 
otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or 
obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) above.  The term “Debt” 
shall not include Landlord’s debt (if any) with respect to the Premises.  
 
“Depreciation and Amortization” means the Tenant’s depreciation and amortization 
accruing during the period of determination with respect to the Premises as determined in 
accordance with GAAP. 
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 
 
“Interest Expense” means for any the period of determination, the sum of all interest 
accrued or which should be accrued in respect to all Debts of Tenant allocable to the Premises 
and all business operations thereon during such period (including the interest attributable to 
Capital Leases), as determined in accordance with GAAP, 
 
“Net Income” means, with respect to the period of determination, the net income or net 
loss of Tenant allocable to the Premises.  In determining the amount of Net Income, (i) 
adjustments shall be made for non-reoccurring  gains and losses allocable to the period of 
determination;  (ii) deductions shall be made for, among other things, Depreciation and 
Amortization, Interest Expense and Operating Lease Expense allocable to the period of 
determination, and (iii) no deductions shall be made for (x) income taxes or charges equivalent 
to income taxes allocable to the period of determination, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP, or (y) corporate overhead expense allocable to the period of determination. 
 
“Operating Lease Expense” means the expenses incurred by Tenant under any 
operating leases with respect to the Premises and the business operations thereon during the 
period of determination, as determined in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, the term 
“Operating Lease Expense” shall not include any sum payable under this Lease. 
 
7. 
ALTERATION OF PREMISES 
 
Except as expressly provided herein and subject to Section 27, all alterations or changes 
to the Premises shall require notice to Landlord as stated in Section 20 and shall require 
Landlord's prior written consent and must comply with all easements, conditions, covenants and 
restrictions affecting the use and/or development of the Premises.  For so long as Landlord is 
an affiliate of YUM! Brands and notwithstanding the foregoing, provided that any such alterations 
or changes have been pre-approved in writing by Franchisor, Tenant may make non-structural 
alterations or changes to the interior or exterior of the Premises without Landlord's consent 
provided (a) any such alterations or changes do not (i) change the height, size or exterior 
aesthetic appearance of the building, or (ii) materially affect the structural integrity of the building, 
(b) Landlord is given at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice of such alterations or changes, 
and (c) the estimated cost of such alterations or changes does not exceed Fifty Thousand and 
no/100 ($50,000) Dollars.  All other alterations or changes shall require the prior written consent 
and approval of Landlord, which Landlord may withhold in its sole and absolute discretion.  All 
alterations and changes shall be made at Tenant's sole cost and expense and subject to Section 
27 hereof; shall be completed as expeditiously as possible; shall be done in accordance with 
plans and specifications as required by or approved by Franchisor (and Landlord, if required 
hereunder); a copy of all plans provided to Landlord for its records (whether or not preapproval 
is required); and shall be made in a good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with all 
applicable statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations of governmental authority.   
 
