 
 
 
 
 
32 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
approval or disapproval of a site within 30 to 60 days of your submission of a complete site package.  If 
you and we do not agree on a site, you must not build. If we do not approve a site, we will not issue a 
License Agreement. 
 
 
We estimate the length of time between your payment of the initial license fee deposit, which is 
due upon your registration of a site, and the opening of the Unit will be approximately 4 to 6 months. Many 
factors may affect this length of time, such as obtaining the necessary governmental permits and approvals, 
weather conditions and labor difficulties during land development and building construction, and delivery 
of all necessary signs and equipment, among other things.  
 
 
We have policies in place related to sale leaseback transactions that may prohibit or condition your 
ability to enter into sale leaseback transactions either when you enter into a lease or during the term of the 
lease. We may modify these policies from time to time. 
 
Training Program 
 
 
We require that you and one manager successfully complete the training program to our 
satisfaction.  Our management training program, offered on an as-needed basis, is a minimum of 7 weeks.  
Depending on the size and the geographical location of your restaurant/organization, the training may be 
extended to 8 weeks. If the Unit is multi-brand, additional time for the other brand’s training is required. 
The training consists of web-based or e-learning training, as well as on-the-job and classroom training. The 
instructional materials may include OneSource, paper-based materials, e-learning and other course specific 
handouts. Training is conducted by a restaurant training manager we certify, in an approved company 
owned restaurant that is geographically convenient to the attendees whenever possible and, for license 
applicants, should be scheduled to finish 4 to 6 weeks prior to the scheduled opening of your Unit. This 
program, as well as any other required ongoing training courses that we may choose to offer to existing 
franchisees or licensees in connection with new product roll-outs or other System changes, is tuition-free 
for you and your restaurant manager. Additional people can be trained at a fee, which was $350 per person 
as of our last fiscal year.  We may also charge tuition for training courses that are not mandatory. You are 
responsible for all other training costs, including travel and living expenses for yourself and your 
employees, etc. Please note that we may terminate or decline to issue the License Agreement for your 
first Unit if you fail to successfully complete this training course (Exhibit B-1, Section 4.1).  
 
 
The basic license management training program is continually subject to refinement and change as 
we deem appropriate. The following table provides a description of the training program as of the end of 
our last fiscal year. 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training* 
Location  
Team Member Basics &  
Service Champion 
 
Week 1 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
Food Champion and  
Managing a Shift 
 
Week 2 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
 
 
 
 
Team Trainer 
Managing a Shift 
 
Week 3 – 50 
hours 
Approved Company Owned Unit 
