 
 
-8- 
YRSG – DSA 
 
 
 
 
 
Rev. 3/2021 
7.2     If only Real Estate Services are elected, Client shall pay YRSG (a) $10,000 upon execution of this Agreement and 
(b) except as otherwise provided herein, fees for Additional Services (if applicable) within 30 days after the date of YRSG's 
invoice(s) therefor.  
  
7.3     If  both Real Estate Services and Construction Services are elected, Client shall pay YRSG (a) $35,000 plus the 
ADA Inspection fee described in section 6.12 upon execution of this Agreement and (b) except as otherwise provided 
herein, fees for Additional Services, if any, within 30 days after the date of YRSG's invoice(s) therefor.  
  
7.4    Amounts unpaid 30 days after the invoice (including, without limitation, all fees due hereunder and reimbursement 
for expenses pursuant to Section 9.10) shall bear interest at the lesser of (a) the highest rate allowed by applicable Law and 
(b) 1.5% per month.  
 
ARTICLE 8 
TERMINATION, SUSPENSION 
OR ABANDONMENT 
 
8.1 
This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon not less than seven days written notice should the other 
party fail substantially to perform in accordance with the terms of this Agreement through no fault of the party 
initiating the termination.  Failure of Client to make payments to YRSG when due or to retain consultants and/or 
Additional Service Providers in accordance with this Agreement shall be considered substantial nonperformance 
and cause for termination and/or suspension, at YSRG’s option. 
 
8.2 
If the Project is suspended by Client for more than 30 consecutive days, YRSG shall be compensated for Services 
performed prior to notice of such suspension.  When the Project is resumed, YRSG's compensation shall be 
equitably adjusted to provide for expenses incurred in the interruption and resumption of YRSG's Services.  If 
the Project is abandoned by Client for more than 90 consecutive days, then YRSG may, in its discretion, terminate 
this Agreement by giving written notice. 
 
8.3 
In the event of a suspension and/or termination of Services by YSRG, YRSG shall have no liability to Client for 
delay or damage caused Client because of such suspension of Services. 
 
8.4 
In the event of termination not the fault of YRSG, YRSG shall be compensated for all Services performed prior 
to termination. 
 
ARTICLE 9 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
9.1 
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the state where the Project is located. 
 
9.2 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors 
and assigns.  Neither Client nor YRSG shall assign this Agreement without the written consent of the other. 
 
9.3 
This Agreement represents the entire and integrated agreement between Client and YRSG concerning the Project 
and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations or agreements, either written or oral, with respect thereto.  
This Agreement may be amended only by written instrument signed by both Client and YRSG.  This Agreement 
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together 
will constitute one and the same agreement.  Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile signature and such 
facsimile signature shall be deemed an original. 
 
9.4 
YRSG shall indemnify, defend and hold Client harmless from and against any and all liabilities and expenses 
(including, without limitation, reimbursement of reasonable attorney’s fees, expert witness fees and court 
costs) arising out of any action, suit or proceeding brought against Client by any third party resulting from 
YRSG’s gross negligence or intentional misconduct in YRSG’s performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement. 
 
