 
 
 
 
 
4 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
 
Our Business and the License Offered 
 
 
 
We grant non-exclusive rights (“licenses”) to you to operate, by utilizing the Taco Bell name, 
trademarks, tradenames, trade secrets, logotypes, commercial symbols, service marks, and other intellectual 
property (the “Trademarks”), a variety of quick-service consumer dining facilities presenting various items 
of inexpensively priced, quality Mexican-style food for take-out and on-premises eating by the general 
public. We and our affiliates operate facilities of the same kind, as well as other types of dining facilities.  
You will be an independent business person and will assume all business risk associated with operating a 
Taco Bell facility. 
 
 
 
Traditionally, Taco Bell buildings include a kitchen facility where food is prepared and assembled, 
a counter where orders are placed, paid for and food is delivered, tables and seats for customers and, 
frequently, an automobile drive-thru (“Traditional Units”). We offer franchises for Taco Bell Traditional 
Units, In-Line Units and End-Cap Units in our separate disclosure document for those Units. 
 
 
This disclosure document offers our licenses for less elaborate facilities known as Taco Bell 
“Express Units.” As we determine for each specific location, the Express Unit will offer either the full Taco 
Bell menu or a limited menu composed of items from the full menu. At some Express Units, a few items 
from the limited menu are prepared somewhat differently than items of the same or similar name from the 
full menu. The Express Units are generally known as Express Units, Power Pumpers, or In-Lines. Express 
Units include stand-alone units constructed on sites within larger buildings and permanently constructed 
installations of various configurations taking advantage of available space in various types of locations.  
Power Pumpers are Express Units with several of the above features that share a facility with a gas and 
convenience store and In-Lines are Express Units that also include the other above features but may or may 
not have a drive-thru. In our sole discretion, certain Power Pumpers or In-Lines may be categorized as 
Traditional Units; franchises for these Units will be offered under our disclosure document for Traditional 
Units. For the purposes of this disclosure document we will describe the Express Units only, which we will 
occasionally refer to as the Units or Express Units.  
 
 
We have identified several categories of locations for the Express Units: colleges and universities, 
some dual brand facilities, airports, In-Line locations, gas and convenience stores with a drive-thru, Power-
Pumper locations, and other types of Express Units. The standard terms and conditions for the operation of 
Express Units are described in the license agreement (the “License Agreement”) (see Exhibit B-1).   
 
Under the License Agreement for new Express Units, the length of the term is 10 years, or 10 to 20 
years for new Power Pumpers. The royalty rate is 10% of gross sales and the initial license fee is $22,500. 
On occasion we or our affiliate will offer one or more existing KFC/Taco Bell units (“KT Units”) for 
purchase by certain licensees or franchisees. Under the Taco Bell License Agreement for existing KT Units 
purchased from us or an affiliate, the length of the term generally ranges from 9 months to 5 years but may 
be longer in certain instances, the royalty rate is 10% of gross sales and the initial license fee for the Taco 
Bell portion of an existing KT Unit is prorated for the specified term calculated at the rate of $2,250 for 
each partial or full year. We reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to modify the initial license 
fees and/or royalty rate on a temporary or permanent basis for atypical locations or unusual development 
or operational circumstances.   
 
 
 As specified in the License Agreement, you will have the right to use some or all of our Trademarks 
and to operate an Express Unit for a limited period of time. License Agreements may be offered on varying 
terms as appears appropriate in our discretion.  
 
 
You must operate your facilities according to methods, standards, and procedures (the “System”) 
that we provide in minute detail.  The System is the sole property of us and our affiliates and is embodied 
