3 
750030713 
Franchisor that Franchisee obtains from any source (including, without limitation, 
the operation of the Restaurants) or that Franchisor or its directors, officers, 
employees, or other representatives provide or make available to Franchisee.  It 
includes the foregoing information obtained, provided, or made available anywhere 
in the world, and, retrospectively, the foregoing information obtained, provided, or 
made available before execution of this Agreement.  It includes the foregoing 
information in any form or media, whether oral, written, visual (such as information 
illustrated by, or derived by inspecting, product, equipment, materials, structures, 
or processes), numbers or figures, information tables or databases, graphics, 
illustrations, and computer files, records, and memory.  Confidential Information 
further includes both the original information and all copies, reproductions, 
extracts, or derivative forms of such information, in whole or in part, such as notes, 
summaries, reports, analyses, data, and charts.  Finally, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the term “Confidential Information” specifically includes sales, product, supply, 
and volume data, trade secrets, proprietary information, know-how, techniques, 
methods, processes, procedures, specifications, recipes, ingredients, product 
information, financial information, systems, strategies, plans, and any other 
information or data concerning the research, development, production, sale, or 
marketing of food products or the operation of a restaurant business. 
 
C. 
“Manual” means all manuals, notices, correspondence, and other information that 
Franchisor may publish or provide from time-to-time in any form or media, 
including written or printed material, computer data, programs, and files, and on-
line information, memorializing the standards, policies, procedures, rules, 
guidelines, techniques, and know-how related to the System. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Manual also includes the information, policies, procedures, standards, 
and other materials currently housed in the My Taco Bell online database. 
 
D. 
[“Permitted Franchisee Indebtedness” means indebtedness for borrowed money 
of Franchisee incurred under credit agreement(s) entered into in connection with 
the closing of the transactions contemplated by the [Purchase Agreement] and 
approved by Franchisor in writing prior to the date hereof.] 
 
E. 
“Principal Operator” means the most senior person in the franchise 
organization(s) who is responsible and accountable for, involved in, and familiar 
with the day to day operations of Franchisee’s Taco Bell branded business. A 
Principal Operator shall have authority to receive communications from and 
communicate with Franchisor regarding operations matters on behalf of 
Franchisee.  A Principal Operator is required to attend such operations and other 
training, and maintain such operations or training certifications, as Franchisor may 
specify from time-to-time. The Principal Operator with respect to Franchisee as of 
the date hereof is [●]. 
 
F. 
“System” means all standards, policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, techniques, 
and know-how, including all trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and other 
