  
-20- 
 
and TBx Development Policy.  Purchaser agrees to execute and deliver a waiver of all claims and rights 
related to the below locations (if any) at Closing and at any time after Closing upon request from Seller. 
 
 
DMA Name 
Mall Name 
Mall Location 
 
 
 
 
 
43. 
Single Integrated Transaction.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or in 
any other agreement between or among them, Purchaser, Seller and Shareholders severally and 
collectively intend, acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and each and every agreement, instrument 
and contract referenced in this Agreement or executed or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this 
Agreement or in connection with or to effect the purchase and sale contemplated herein (collectively, the 
“Integrated Agreements”) do and shall be deemed to constitute one single, integrated transaction and 
agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing, the parties further acknowledge and agree as follows: 
                  43.1  Without limitation, the parties intend and agree that the Integrated Agreements 
shall include the following and they shall not be severed or severable from one another for any purpose:  (i) 
this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules referenced herein or attached hereto, including all exhibits 
and schedules listed on the “List of Exhibits and Schedules” attached hereto;  (ii) the Taco Bell Franchise 
Agreements, as defined herein, and all exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto, as well as any other 
franchise agreement(s) governing the operations of the Restaurants, including all Upgrade Obligations; and 
(iii) the Real Property Leases, Assignment and Assumption of Leases and any sublease. 
                              43.2  The parties intend and agree that the Integrated Agreements shall constitute one 
single, integrated transaction and agreement, notwithstanding the fact that: (i) the Integrated Agreements 
may be executed at different times by different parties; (ii) different consideration may be apportioned 
among the Integrated Agreements; (iii) the Integrated Agreements may provide that they are assignable; 
and (iv) the Integrated Agreements may have terms or durations of varying lengths, including with respect 
to the Taco Bell Franchise Agreements and the Real Property Leases.  
                              43.3   Purchaser and Shareholders, if any, acknowledge and agree that Seller would not 
have entered into this Agreement or any of the Integrated Agreements absent Purchasers’ execution of and 
performance under all of the Integrated Agreements, including the Taco Bell Franchise Agreements, the 
Real Property Leases, the Assignment and Assumption of Leases and the subleases. 
 
 
 
44. New Construction in Process.  Each new unit construction in-process project store (each, a 
“CIP Store”), as set forth below, is currently under development by Seller. Purchaser will be required to pay 
an initial franchise fee for each CIP Store (the “CIP Fee”) to Seller at the Closing. After the Closing, 
Purchaser will reimburse Seller for all Development Costs (as defined below) incurred up to the Closing 
Date for each CIP Store.  
[Purchaser agrees to assume all obligations for the development of the CIP Stores and, after the 
Closing, Seller will [transfer to Purchaser the deed associated with each CIP Store][convey to purchaser 
