 
 
For so long as Landlord is an affiliate of YUM! Brands and notwithstanding anything 
contained in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant shall not use the Premises for any: (a) YUM! 
Brands (or legal successor to YUM! Brands) restaurant unless said use is pursuant to a valid 
franchise agreement with a YUM! Brands restaurant concept, or (b) restaurant use which would 
conflict with or be in competition with a YUM! Brands restaurant concept, as may be determined 
by Landlord or Franchisor in their sole and absolute discretion. 
 
6.3    Continuous Operations. Tenant shall, in good faith, continuously throughout the 
Term carry on and conduct in the entire Premises the type of business for which the Premises 
are leased.  Tenant shall operate its business with a complete line and sufficient stock of food 
and product and other merchandise of current [BRAND] style and type, attractive displays and 
in an efficient and reputable manner so as to produce the maximum amount of sales from the 
Premises, and shall, except during reasonable periods for repairing, cleaning and decorating 
keep the Premises open for business with adequate and competent personnel in attendance on 
all days and during all hours (including evenings) as typically prescribed by Franchisor. If Tenant 
ceases to operate its business from the Premises for ninety (90) consecutive days, for reasons 
other than reasonable periods for repairs or remodeling or force majeure, then Landlord has the 
right to terminate this Lease.  If Landlord elects to terminate this Lease, it must do so by notifying 
Tenant in writing of such termination and Tenant will have the right, within thirty (30) days of 
receipt of Landlord’s written notice of such election, to advise Landlord that Tenant will reopen 
for business from the Premises subject to any required Franchisor approvals.  If Tenant advises 
Landlord of such, then Landlord’s termination notice will be null and void and of no force and 
effect (unless Franchisor disapproves of such reopening) and Tenant must reopen for business 
in substantially all of the Premises within sixty (60) days of its notice to Landlord; otherwise, 
Tenant’s notice will be null and void and of no force and effect.  In addition, notwithstanding 
anything else contained herein Tenant shall thereafter be obligated to remain open and 
operating in substantially all of the Premises during normal operating hours for the remainder of 
the Term. 
 
6.4  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.   Tenant covenants to Landlord that, for so long as 
this Lease is in effect, Tenant shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio at the Premises of 
at least 1:1, as determined on the last day of each fiscal year of Tenant.  For purposes of this 
Section 6.4, the term “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” shall mean with respect to the twelve (12) 
month period of time immediately preceding the date of determination, the ratio calculated for 
such period of time, each as determined in accordance with GAAP, of (a) the sum of Net Income, 
Depreciation and Amortization, Interest Expense and Operating Lease Expense, less a 
corporate overhead allocation in an amount equal to 4% of Tenant’s Gross Sales at the 
Premises, to (b) the annual Rent. For purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, 
the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
“Capital Lease” means any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by 
Tenant with respect to the Premises which lease would, in conformity with GAAP, be required 
to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of Tenant.  The term “Capital Lease” 
shall not include any operating lease or this Lease.  
 
“Debt” means, as directly related to the Premises and the period of determination (i) 
indebtedness of Tenant for borrowed money, (ii) obligations of Tenant evidence by bonds, 
indentures, notes or similar instruments, (iii) obligations of Tenant to pay the deferred purchase 
price of property or services, (iv) obligations of Tenant under leases which should be, in 
accordance with GAAP, recorded as Capital Leases, and (v) obligations of Tenant under direct 
or indirect guarantees in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or 
