 
 
32. 
MEMORANDUM OF LEASE 
 
Landlord and Tenant shall execute and acknowledge a memorandum of this Lease, 
suitable for recording in the official records of the jurisdiction in which the Premises are located, 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit “B”.  Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, may record 
the memorandum in such records.  
 
33. 
CONSENTS 
 
Whenever Landlord and/or Franchisor is asked to provide consent under this Lease, 
such consent may be withheld by Landlord and/or Franchisor in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary as contained herein, so long as Landlord is an affiliate 
of Franchisor or YUM! Brands, Landlord’s and/or Franchisor’s consents may be arbitrarily 
withheld or denied. 
 
34. 
QUIET ENJOYMENT 
 
Landlord shall assure Tenant of quiet enjoyment and possession of the Premises so long 
as Tenant performs all of its obligations under this Lease and is not in default hereof beyond 
any applicable notice and cure periods. 
 
35. 
LIMITED LIABILITY OF LANDLORD; RELEASE ON SALE. 
 
The obligations and liability of Landlord hereunder are intended to be binding only on the 
Landlord's fee interest in the Premises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in this 
Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed, such agreement being a primary consideration 
for the execution of this Lease by Landlord, that there shall be no personal liability on the part of 
Landlord, nor its successors and assigns, nor its parent company, subsidiary, affiliates, 
including, Franchisor (if applicable), shareholders, employees or agents of Landlord (“Landlord 
Parties”) for any liability of Landlord arising under the terms of this Lease. Tenant waives all 
claims, demands and causes of action against Landlord or any of the Landlord Parties in the 
event of any breach by Landlord of any of the terms, covenants and conditions under this Lease 
to be performed by Landlord, and (iii) Tenant agrees to look solely to the Premise for the 
satisfaction of each and every remedy of Tenant in the event of any breach by Landlord of any 
of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed by Landlord, or any other 
matter in connection with this Lease or the Premises, such exculpation of liability to be absolute 
and without any exception whatsoever. If Landlord transfers the Premises by sale or exchange, 
such sale or exchange shall be expressly made subject to this Lease. Upon such transfer, the 
transferring Landlord and all Landlord Parties shall be fully released by Tenant from all its 
responsibilities and obligations as Landlord (but such release shall not be deemed a release or 
waiver of any of Franchisor’s rights) which arise or accrue after the date of such transfer. Upon 
request by the successor landlord, Tenant shall attorn to the successor landlord if the successor 
agrees in writing that Tenant’s rights under this Lease shall be recognized and not disturbed so 
long as Tenant is not in default. 
 
36. 
LATE CHARGE AND INTEREST 
 
Should Tenant fail to pay any part of the Rent herein reserved or any other sum required 
by Tenant to be paid to or for the benefit of Landlord within ten (10) days after the due date, 
Tenant shall pay to Landlord a late charge of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) (“Late Charge”), 
plus interest on the past due amount computed from the date first due until paid, at the rate of 
