  
STATE OF ILLINOIS 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
The License Agreement permits the Licensee to sue only in Orange County, California.  Out of state litigation may force you to accept 
a less favorable settlement.  It may also cost more to litigate with Taco Bell in Orange County, California than in your home state. 
 
The above matters, which are governed by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, will be governed by Illinois law.  
 
IF YOU WILL BE PURCHASING A LICENSE IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS:  You have not been provided with financial statements 
of the licensor.  Therefore, you do not have knowledge of how this specific company has performed.  However, the guarantor guarantees 
the performance of the licensor, and a copy of the Guaranty of Performance is on file with the Attorney General. 
 
The State of Illinois also requires that the following Addendum to License Agreement be included in the FDD. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the licensor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO  
LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS 
 
 
In recognition of the requirement of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, the parties to the attached TACO BELL 
FRANCHISOR, LLC LICENSE AGREEMENT agree as follows: 
 
 
Section 16.3 of the License Agreement is modified by the addition of the following language: 
 
 
"Notwithstanding the above language, pursuant to the Illinois Franchise  
Disclosure Act, Illinois law shall 
 govern the interpretation and enforcement of the License Agreement.  
 
 
 
Jurisdiction and venue shall be governed by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, which provides that any provision 
in the License Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void with respect to any 
cause of action which otherwise is enforceable in the State."  
 
 
To the extent this Addendum shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the License Agreement or 
Exhibits or Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a licensee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any licensor, license seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
licensor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the license. 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned hereby executes this Addendum as of the day and year first above written. 
 
TACO BELL FRANCHISOR, LLC 
 
 
LICENSEE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
