 
 
 
 
 
23 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
 
Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC 
 
Purchasing activities for food, packaging, and equipment used in the System are conducted 
primarily through Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC (“RSCS”), formerly known as Unified 
Foodservice Purchasing Co-op, LLC or UFPC. The members of RSCS are the Taco Bell National 
Purchasing Co-op, Inc. (the “Taco Bell Co-op”), which is described in more detail below, and similar co-
ops of our affiliate companies and their franchisees (Pizza Hut National Purchasing Co-op, Inc. and KFC 
National Purchasing Co-op, Inc.).  By contract, RSCS also provides purchasing programs and program 
management services for A&W National Purchasing Co-op, Inc., supply chain and program management 
services to the CARIBLA Franchise Association, and procurement services to HBG (which together with 
the Taco Bell Co-op, Pizza Hut National Purchasing Co-op, Inc. and KFC National Purchasing Co-op, Inc., 
are collectively referred to below as the “Concept Co-ops”). Because RSCS is a shared resource 
organization, allocation costs and sourcing fees attributable to the Taco Bell Co-op, Pizza Hut National 
Purchasing Co-op, Inc. and KFC National Purchasing Co-op, Inc. may increase if RSCS’s contract with 
A&W National Purchasing Co-op, Inc., the CARIBLA Franchisee Association, or HBG is terminated for 
any reason.  RSCS and the Concept Co-ops are organized in accordance with federal tax laws relating to 
entities operating on a cooperative basis.  In accordance with those laws, each Concept Co-op has 
historically distributed substantially all of its net income not required for working capital or reserves to its 
members each year as a patronage dividend.  RSCS acts as a purchasing agent for the Concept Co-ops and 
is the exclusive purchasing agent for the Units in the United States.  
 
The Taco Bell Co-op was formed to allow us, our affiliates, and our franchisees and licensees to 
conduct a purchasing program through RSCS.  The Taco Bell Co-op is a member of RSCS and operates as 
a cooperative under Subchapter T of the Internal Revenue Code.  RSCS and the Taco Bell Co-op are not 
affiliated with us, TBC, or YUM, and both are organized and operated independently from us, TBC, and 
YUM.  However, TBC is a stockholder member of the Taco Bell Co-op and is entitled to elect two members 
of the Taco Bell Co-op Board of Directors. Additionally, YUM is entitled to select two members of the 
RSCS Board of Directors. 
 
The Taco Bell Co-op is governed by a Board of Directors consisting of 8 voting members, plus the 
President of RSCS, who is a non-voting ex officio member. Franchisees who are stockholder members are 
entitled to elect 5 members of the Taco Bell Co-op Board of Directors (chosen by region); TBC is entitled 
to elect 2 members of the Board; and the Taco Bell Franchise Management Advisory Council 
(“FRANMAC”) is entitled to elect one Board member. Two directors of the Taco Bell Co-op are appointed 
annually as voting directors of the RSCS Board of Directors.   
 
Only those licensees that are also franchisees or that operate 25 or more Units are eligible to join 
the Taco Bell Co-op. To join the Taco Bell Co-op, you must buy from the Taco Bell Co-op one share of 
Membership Common Stock (currently priced at $10), plus one share of “Store Common Stock” for each 
traditional and two licensed Units that you own and operate (currently priced at $400 per share). If you later 
sell some or all of your Units or otherwise become ineligible for membership, you may not sell or transfer 
your shares to third parties, although the Taco Bell Co-op may redeem your shares of Store Common Stock 
at your original purchase price and, if you become ineligible for membership, will redeem your share of 
Membership Common Stock for $10.   
 
Your membership in the Taco Bell Co-op makes you eligible to participate in RSCS’s purchasing 
programs.  Under the Bylaws of the Taco Bell Co-op, while you are a member, you must purchase virtually 
all goods and equipment you use in your restaurants through the purchasing programs of RSCS and the 
Taco Bell Co-op. Also, RSCS and the Taco Bell Co-op may collect sourcing fees directly or indirectly 
(from distributors or suppliers) from each stockholder member to fund the purchasing programs and 
