 
 
 
 
 
20 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
Technology hardware.  We or our affiliates also provide certain support to Licensees related to our required 
Computer and Information Technology hardware.  Please see Item 11 for more information on fees relating 
to such hardware and support. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, our affiliates’ revenues from 
such hardware and support services were approximately $53,043,152.00.    
 
Our affiliates TBC and TBA may also sell Units, including equipment, supplies, and inventory, to 
Licensees, with or without real estate (see Item 5). We lease improved and unimproved real estate, and in 
some cases the associated equipment and furnishings, for some franchised Units. There is no broadly 
applicable requirement that you lease real estate from us, but some locations or restaurant facilities may be 
available only under a lease from us. We are not obligated to lease real estate or equipment to you. For the 
fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, affiliate revenues from leases to Franchisees were approximately 
$39,129,335.00.   
 
Our affiliate YRSG offers real estate and construction development services (commonly referred 
to as TDS, or Taco Bell Development Services), with additional services being available at an hourly rate. 
Fees paid to YRSG may be paid by check or via wire as described on the invoice and are not refundable.  
 
The real estate services and construction services currently available through YRSG are the 
following:  
 
Real Estate Services - YRSG (or its designee) will conduct a trade area analysis and source a site 
location within a specified trade area, prepare a site submittal package, and pursue YRSG’s corporate 
approval of the site. 
 
Construction Services:  
 
1. 
Design:  YRSG (or its designee) will coordinate with Licensee’s consultant to order and 
review geo-technical and environmental soils testing, to order and review the completion 
of an ALTA survey, and will manage the Project architect or engineer and other consultants 
in preparing plans and specifications for the permitting and construction and prepare and 
monitor a project schedule for completion of the design activities.   
 
If the restaurant is a cantina/urban in-line the design services do not include geo-technical 
or environmental soils testing nor the completion or review of an ALTA survey. You shall 
retain an environmental firm to perform testing and investigative services as required 
which may include but are not limited to testing for hazardous materials.  
 
2. 
Feasibility: YRSG (or its designee) will coordinate with Licensee’s consultants to complete 
a feasibility summary including a construction, zoning and on-site analysis of the property, 
and to develop a site sketch and assist to obtain approval of it.  Licensor’s A&D brand 
designer will recommend a building type and equipment package and will work with 
Licensee’s consultant to develop a project budget and schedule. 
 
If the restaurant is a cantina/urban in-line the feasibility services do not include 
recommending a building type. 
 
3. 
Permitting: YRSG (or its designee) will coordinate with Licensee’s consultant to complete 
utility company plan submittals, submit all applicable permit applications, arrange for 
representation at municipal/public hearings, manage consultant activities such as traffic 
engineers, attorneys and permit expediters, prepare and monitor the project schedule for 
completion of permit activities.  
 
