 
 
Furthermore, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that it shall fully comply with all 
obligations to complete any alterations or changes to the Premises in accordance with the Asset 
Purchase Agreement, Franchise Agreement or any associated or applicable development 
agreement or similar agreement.  
 
Upon the expiration or early termination of this Lease, Tenant will return the Premises to 
Landlord in good repair and in material compliance with all applicable laws, including, without 
limitation, health and zoning codes, and in compliance with Section 26 hereof.  
 
8. 
ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES; TENANT DUTY TO REPAIR PREMISES 
 
Tenant agrees, and acknowledges and accepts the Premises, including any 
improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment located therein, as of the Commencement Date 
in its "AS-IS", “WHERE IS” condition as existed on the Effective Date of the Asset Purchase 
Agreement and acknowledges and agrees that the Premises are in a tenantable and good 
condition and that neither Landlord nor Franchisor, nor any of their respective representatives, 
have made any representations, warranties as to the condition or fitness of the Premises for any 
purpose nor have any of them made any promises, commitments or agreements to make any 
repairs, corrections, changes, alterations or other improvements to the Premises.  
 
During the Term of this Lease, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that it shall, at its sole 
cost and expense, keep and maintain the Premises, including all portions of the building(s), and 
all systems serving the Premises, both inside and out, including, but not limited to: roof, walls, 
windows and doors, plate glass, dumpster enclosures, HVAC, electrical, plumbing, grease traps 
and clean-outs, the exterior portions surrounding the building(s), all sidewalks (public and 
private), parking lots, landscaping, signage, and any Common Area located on the Premises or 
otherwise serving the Premises in accordance with any separate obligations related thereto, in 
good and sanitary order, condition, and repair and in accordance with Franchisor’s minimum 
standards and all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances and codes, hereby releasing Landlord 
and waiving all right to make repairs at the expense of Landlord as provided by any applicable 
law or regulation in the State or other jurisdiction in which the Premises are situated. In the event 
the Premises are a part of a shopping center or include any Common Area, Tenant agrees to 
abide by all rules and regulations of said shopping center or agreements and to perform all 
obligations arising thereunder, and to pay any prorata costs for maintenance of the Common 
Area.  
 
9. 
UTILITIES 
 
Tenant agrees to directly pay for all utilities whatsoever, including, but, not limited to 
water, sewer, fuel, gas, oil, heat, electricity, power, materials and services, which may be 
furnished to or used in or about the Premises during the Term hereof. Tenant agrees to cause 
all utilities to be billed in the name of and directly to Tenant. To the extent as may be required 
under local laws or ordinances, if any utility is billed to the Landlord, Tenant agrees to promptly 
pay the same upon receipt of any bill from Landlord. Landlord, in its sole discretion, may elect 
to pay such bill directly to the utility provider in which event Tenant agrees to immediately 
reimburse Landlord for any such payments.   Landlord shall not be liable in damages for any 
failure or interruption of any utility or service or for any disputed amounts. No failure or 
interruption of any utility or service shall entitle Tenant to terminate this Lease or discontinue 
making payments of Rent hereunder.   
 
 
