 
 
 
 
 
44 
Express FDD 2025 
 
 
 
these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.  See Exhibits B, I, J, K, and 
L. 
 
License Agreement (“LA”) and KT Successor License Agreement (“KTSLA”) 
 
Provision 
Section in License 
Agreement  
Summary 
(a) Length of the license 
term  
2.0 
 
Initial LA: 10 years. The term of a License 
Agreement issued in connection with the 
purchase of an existing KT Unit from us or an 
affiliate may vary from 9 months to 5 years.   
 
Notwithstanding the above, we reserve the right 
in our absolute discretion to offer a term from 1 
to 20 years for atypical locations or unusual 
development or operational circumstances. 
 
KTSLA: 5 to 10 year term for KT Unit that is 
granted a successor agreement. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, we reserve the right 
in our absolute discretion to offer a term from 1 
to 20 years for atypical locations or unusual 
development or operational circumstances. 
(b) Renewal or 
extension of the term 
2.0 
 
No renewal rights are granted to you under the 
License Agreement, but we have a successor 
policy currently in effect subject to modification 
or cancellation at any time, under which we 
might agree to enter into a new agreement with 
you. Additionally, we may agree to enter into an 
Amendment to your License Agreement to 
temporarily extend the term to allow you 
additional time to complete a remodel of the 
Unit.  
(c) Requirements for 
you to successor or 
extend 
See (b) above  
LA: See (b) above. You must be operationally 
and financially approved pursuant to our then 
current guidelines, upgrade the Unit and pay a 
successor fee.  You must sign a release and may 
be required to sign a License Agreement with 
materially different terms and conditions than 
your original License Agreement.  If you are 
approved for an extension, you must execute an 
amendment to the License Agreement that 
modifies the term and pay an extension fee. 
 
KTSLA: You must be operationally and 
financially approved pursuant to our then current 
guidelines, meet certain minimum sales 
requirements, upgrade the Unit, and pay a 
successor fee.  You must sign a release and you 
may be required to sign a contract with materially 
