Hyatt Studios – 2025 State Pages 
1616978718.2 
6
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, 
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
NORTH DAKOTA
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Remarks” column of the rows 
in the Item 6 chart of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled “Royalty fee upon termination,” 
“Liquidated damages upon condemnation,” and “Liquidated damages upon termination”: 
The Commissioner has determined termination or liquidated damages to be unfair, 
unjust and inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law.  However, we and you agree to enforce these provisions 
to the extent the law allows. 
2. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of 
Item 17(c) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Requirements for franchisee to renew 
or extend, and Item 17(m) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled “Conditions for 
franchisor approval of transfer by franchisee”: 
Any release will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law to claims 
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
3.  
The “Summary” section of Item 17(u) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled 
Dispute resolution by arbitration or mediation, is deleted and replaced with the following: 
Except for certain claims, we and you must arbitrate all disputes at a location the 
arbitrator chooses within 10 miles of our then current principal business address; 
however, to the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise investment Law 
(unless preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act), we and you will arbitrate at a 
site to which we and you mutually agree. 
4.  
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of forum: 
; however, to the extent required by applicable law, subject to your arbitration 
obligation, you may bring an action in North Dakota. 
5. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of law: 
