41 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Except as described above, neither we nor our affiliates offer direct or indirect financing.  
Neither we nor our affiliates guarantee your note, lease or obligation. 
Item 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND 
TRAINING 
Except as listed below, Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. is not required to provide you with 
any assistance. 
If you sign the Development Rights Agreement, then before you begin operating your 
business under that agreement, we will:
(1)
Determine the Development Area within which you will look for Brand 
Hotel sites.  (Section 2 of Development Rights Agreement) 
(2)
Determine the number of Brand Hotels that you (or your Controlled 
Affiliates) must open in the Development Area under the Development Schedule attached 
to the Development Rights Agreement.  (Section 2 of Development Rights Agreement) 
(3)
Determine the Development Schedule and the deadlines by which you (or 
your Controlled Affiliate) must sign a franchise agreement for, and open and begin 
operating, each Brand Hotel to be developed under the Development Rights Agreement.  
(Section 5 of Development Rights Agreement) 
If you sign the Development Rights Agreement, then during your operation under that 
agreement, we will: 
(1)
Review franchise applications that you submit to us for Brand Hotels in the 
Development Area.  You must complete and deliver to us our then current franchise 
application for each proposed hotel project, including materials and information for the 
proposed site and project and relating to your (or your Controlled Affiliate’s) financial and 
operational ability to develop and operate the proposed Brand Hotel.  You also must pay 
the application fee of $50,000 plus an additional $500 per room for each room in the 
proposed hotel over 125.  We will apply $50,000 of the Development Fee towards the 
application fees for the first 2 Franchise Applications that you submit.  Each proposed 
project, which must meet our then current site selection criteria for Brand Hotels (which 
we describe below), must be available for acquisition and development in time for you (or 
your Controlled Affiliate) to develop and open a Brand Hotel at that site on or before the 
applicable opening deadline.  If you withdraw any Franchise Application before we 
approve it, or if we do not approve any application for any reason, we will refund the 
application fee less a $7,500 fee to cover our costs associated with evaluating that 
application.  After we approve an application the application fee is not refundable, even if 
we and you (or your Controlled Affiliate) do not sign a Franchise Agreement for that 
project.  (Section 6 of Development Rights Agreement) 
