50 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Learning Department.  Julie joined us and our affiliates in 2022.  She has over 20 years of 
experience in the hotel/hospitality industry.  We also have a staff of training professionals who 
conduct various training programs.  These staff members typically have at least 15 years of 
experience in hotel and/or learning and development roles and at least 5 years of experience with 
us or our affiliates.  The System Standards, videos, charts, pamphlets, and other training aids serve 
as the instructional materials for the training programs.  You must pay us the fees and expenses 
described in Item 5 and Item 6 and you are responsible for all travel and living expenses (including 
travel, lodging, food and beverage, and miscellaneous charges) for your personnel. 
Owner Briefing 
Your managing owner or senior operations officer must attend a briefing, either virtually 
or at our corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, within 6 months (for new construction hotels) 
or 3 months (for conversion hotels) after signing the Franchise Agreement.  Our SVP Global 
Franchise Operations & Owner Relations supervises this briefing, which we hold whenever 
necessary.  There are no instructional materials or tasks that your managing owner or senior 
operations officer must complete to our satisfaction.  As of the date of this disclosure document, 
this 2-day briefing takes place in a classroom or virtual setting covers the following topics: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Owner Briefing 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On the 
Job Training 
Location 
An overview of our building
process and support structure 
8 
0 
Chicago, Illinois, a Hyatt 
hotel location we designate, 
or virtually 
Total Hours – Owners Briefing 
8 
0
FMU 
The Hotel’s proposed management company (or you, if we approve you to manage the 
Hotel) must complete FMU, which provides an overview of our brand requirements and the tools 
we make available in support of these requirements.  FMU consists of self-paced eLearning, virtual 
instructor led training, learning assessments, and a final virtual presentation to our leadership team.  
FMU is required for any management company (or you, if we approve you to manage the  Hotel) 
that is not already an approved operator of a Brand Hotel.  The attendees must complete FMU 
prior to the Hotel’s opening date or, for existing Hotels, within 90 days after appointment as a new 
approved management company.  Attendees can complete FMU’s self-paced eLearning and virtual 
components at most 12 months before the Hotel’s anticipated opening date.  The operator must 
pass learning assessments throughout FMU’s eLearning and virtual components.  Within 9 months 
after completion of FMU, the new management company (or you, if we approve you to manage 
