31 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
government levies to offset service costs relating to the new development), tap fees (charges for 
connecting to existing water or sewer lines), and various business licenses.  Landlords sometimes 
pay some of the tap or impact fees, and the amount depends on municipal requirements and the 
final Hotel configuration.  This item also includes costs for insurance, legal and accounting 
expenses. 
6.
Hyatt Studios Services Program Fees.  The Hyatt Studios services program includes 
items such as centralized marketing, lead management, revenue management, and call center 
support designed for Brand Hotels.  We describe these fees in Item 5. 
7.
Pre-opening marketing and sales expenses.  This item includes costs for marketing 
and sales programs that you undertake before the Hotel opens, including payments of the 
applicable System Services Charges during the pre-opening period and the costs to establish and 
operate a sales office during the pre-opening period.  It does not include central services program 
fees that you must pay to us under the Hyatt Studios services program. 
8.
Liquor license.  Liquor license costs vary widely depending on the jurisdiction.  In 
most jurisdictions, the cost will be on the low end of the range, but could be on the high end (or 
even exceed the high end) in those jurisdictions that consider a liquor license to be an asset.  You 
may be able to apply for a liquor license for beer and wine and pay standard costs for this license 
that would be on the lower end of the estimate.  However, if your property is located in a “quota” 
city or state, you might need to locate and purchase a liquor license on the open market, which 
could mean your anticipated costs are on the mid-to-high range of this cost estimate.  If you 
purchase a liquor license on the open market, you may be able to re-sell your liquor license in 
those jurisdictions to another licensee if you sell your Hotel.  The liquor license that you apply for 
or purchase must include beer and wine, as allowable under applicable law in the Hotel’s 
jurisdiction.  If you engage a third party to be the F&B Operator (defined in Item 8), depending on 
the jurisdiction, you might not need a liquor license.
9.
Miscellaneous pre-opening costs.  This item includes costs for office and other 
supplies, wages for Hotel management and employees before opening and other miscellaneous 
pre-paid opening expenses, as well as estimated amounts you may pay to us or our affiliates for 
optional training or consulting services.
10.
Additional funds – 3 months.  This item estimates your initial start-up expenses 
(other than the items identified separately in the table).  These expenses include payroll costs for 
the Hotel’s personnel, but not any management fees or similar draw.  These figures are estimates, 
and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business.  Your 
costs depend on how closely you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience, and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for the Hotel’s 
services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period. 
11.
Total estimated initial investment (excluding real estate costs).  The estimated 
amounts presented in the table above are to construct a new, full-size Brand Hotel with 90 to 130 
guest rooms, according to the Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  We relied 
on our affiliates’ experience in developing and operating hotels since 1957 to compile the estimate 
