3 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
to be located within a specifically described geographic territory (the “Development Area”).  A 
“Controlled Affiliate” is any business entity of which you (a) own more than 50% of the total 
ownership interests; and (b) have the authority under the entity’s governing documents to authorize 
a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of substantially all of the assets of the entity and 
otherwise to direct and control the entity’s management and policies.  Before you sign the 
Development Rights Agreement, we and you will agree to the Development Area, the number of 
Brand Hotels you must open in the Development Area, and the timeframe within which you must 
sign a franchise agreement for and open each Brand Hotel (the “Development Schedule”).  We will 
grant Brand Hotel franchises under the Development Rights Agreement only to you or your 
Controlled Affiliates, and franchises that we grant to your Controlled Affiliates will count toward 
your Development Schedule.  You (or your Controlled Affiliates) will sign our then current form 
of franchise agreement, which may differ from the Franchise Agreement included in this disclosure 
document, for each Brand Hotel developed under the Development Rights Agreement.  However, 
for each franchise agreement that the Development Rights Agreement covers:  (a) the application 
fee is $50,000 plus $500 per room for each room in the proposed Brand Hotel above 125 and we 
will not charge an initial franchise fee; (b) the initial term is 20 years; (c) the royalty fee is 5% of 
the Brand Hotel’s gross rooms revenue; and (d) you (or your Controlled Affiliate) will need to 
deposit 4% of the Brand Hotel’s gross rooms revenue into a separate account for making approved 
capital expenditures and complying with upgrade and other capital expenditure obligations under 
the Franchise Agreement.
Competition and the Market 
The hotel market is well-established and highly competitive.  Brand Hotels compete with 
other national select- and full-service hotel systems and with regional and local hotels that offer 
comparable services and lodging products.  Brand Hotels will target both corporate business 
travelers and leisure travelers looking for longer-term stays.  Some competitors of Brand Hotels 
may be larger, may operate more hotels and may have greater resources than we do.  Other 
competitive factors include room rates, quality of accommodations, name recognition, service 
levels, geographic area, site location, general economic conditions and your management 
capabilities.  
Our Affiliates Who Supply the Franchise Network or Offer Franchises
The following companies are our affiliates who currently provide products or services to 
Brand Hotel franchisees. 
• 
Hyatt Corporation administers the “World of Hyatt” program, under which 
members earn points for eligible amounts guests spend at Hyatt Network Hotels 
and resorts worldwide.  “Hyatt Network Hotels” are Brand Hotels and other hotels, 
resorts, lodging facilities and other accommodations and hospitality affiliations that 
we, our affiliates, or our or their franchisees or licensees periodically own and/or 
operate under the name “Hyatt” or another brand that any of our affiliates own, 
regardless of whether those brands utilize the “Hyatt” mark in their names.  Other 
companies that provide hospitality or hospitality-related services to members, 
including other hotel operators, airlines and car rental companies, as well as 
