12 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and all applicable System Standards.  
Franchisee agrees to provide, or cause the Management Company to provide, all training programs 
to the F&B Operator and Spa Operator (as applicable) that Hyatt periodically specifies.  If the 
F&B Operator or Spa Operator at any time fails to operate in full compliance with all applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and all applicable System Standards, or fails to comply with any 
agreement with Hyatt, then, without limiting Hyatt’s other rights and remedies under this 
Agreement and applicable law, Hyatt may revoke its approval of the F&B Operator or Spa 
Operator (as applicable).  If Hyatt does so, then Franchisee must promptly terminate its 
arrangement with the F&B Operator or Spa Operator and either assume direct control of the 
Hotel’s F&B Operations or Spa Operations (as applicable), if Hyatt has approved Franchisee to 
manage the Hotel, or engage another approved F&B Operator or Spa Operator that Hyatt has 
approved in writing. 
4.7
Upgrading the Hotel and CapEx Account.  Franchisee may not make any 
material changes to the Hotel’s construction, including any changes to any structural or life safety 
equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any 
architectural features, without Hyatt’s prior written consent and complying with such conditions 
and procedures that Hyatt periodically establishes for such changes.  Without limiting Hyatt’s 
rights and Franchisee’s obligations under Section 4.3, Hyatt may require Franchisee at any time 
and from time to time during the Term to upgrade or renovate the Hotel, including by altering the 
Hotel’s appearance and/or replacing a material portion of improvements and/or FF&E, to comply 
with then current building décor, appearance, trade dress standards and other aspects of the Hotel 
System that Hyatt has established and then requires for new similarly situated Brand Hotels 
(subject to Reasonable Deviations).  This upgrading or renovation may obligate Franchisee to 
invest additional capital in the Hotel and/or incur higher operating costs.  Franchisee agrees to 
implement such upgrading and renovation within the time period Hyatt requests, provided that all 
such upgrades and renovations apply to similarly situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable 
Deviations). 
In order to assist Franchisee in having funds available to make any necessary capital 
expenditures at the Hotel and comply with its obligations under this Section 4.7 (but without 
limiting those obligations), each month Franchisee shall deposit into a separate account that 
Franchisee controls (the “CapEx Account”) the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1.  Upon Hyatt’s 
reasonable request, Franchisee will periodically provide Hyatt information concerning the funds 
in and expenditures from the CapEx Account.  Franchisee shall use the funds in the CapEx Account 
only for the purpose of making approved capital expenditures and complying with its upgrade and 
other obligations under this Section 4.7, although such obligations may require Franchisee to spend 
more than the amount then in the CapEx Account.
4.8
Inspections/Compliance Assistance and Quality Assurance and Compliance 
Program.  Hyatt may inspect the Hotel at any time, with or without notice to Franchisee, to 
determine whether Franchisee and the Hotel are complying with the Hotel System, System 
Standards, and other provisions of this Agreement.  Franchisee must give Hyatt’s representatives 
free lodging (subject to availability) during the inspection period.  The Hotel also must participate 
in and pay its allocable share of all fees and other costs associated with the Quality Assurance and 
Compliance Program.  If Hyatt determines that the Hotel is failing to comply with the System 
Standards or any other terms and conditions of this Agreement, then, without limiting Hyatt’s other 
