2 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
any other parties to open and operate, other Brand Hotels the physical premises of which are 
located within the Area of Protection, including pursuant to franchise applications submitted 
and/or franchise agreements and other agreements signed during the AOP Term.   
1.4
No Other Restrictions.  Except for the limited exclusivity provided in Section 1.3, 
Franchisee’s rights under this Agreement are nonexclusive in all respects, the Hotel has no 
territorial protection whatsoever, and Hyatt and its Affiliates have the right without restriction to 
engage in any and all activities Hyatt and they desire (including with respect to any and all types 
of lodging facilities), at any time and place, whether or not using the Proprietary Marks or any 
aspect of the Hotel System, and whether or not those activities compete with the Hotel.  Without 
limiting the foregoing, Franchisee acknowledges that Hyatt and its Affiliates currently operate 
other franchised and non-franchised systems for lodging facilities and other accommodations and 
hospitality affiliations that use different brand names, trademarks, and service marks, including 
those with the “Hyatt” name as part of their brand name, some of which might operate and have 
facilities in the Area of Protection during the AOP Term, that will compete directly with 
Franchisee.  Hyatt and its Affiliates may use or benefit from, among other things, common 
computer systems, administrative systems, reservation systems, purchasing systems and 
personnel, and may provide some or all System Services to other Hyatt Network Hotels and other 
hotels, lodging facilities and other businesses, even if they compete with the Hotel.  Franchisee 
will have no right to pursue any claims, demands, or damages as a result of these activities, whether 
under breach of contract, unfair competition, implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, 
divided loyalty, or other theories. 
1.5
Right of First Offer.  If Hyatt determines that the Site is located in a strategic 
market for Hyatt and its Affiliates, then simultaneously with signing this Agreement, Hyatt and 
Franchisee shall sign and deliver to each other the Right of First Offer attached as Exhibit C.  Hyatt 
and Franchisee acknowledge that, unless they sign and deliver to each other the Right of First 
Offer, the terms of the Right of First Offer and Exhibit C shall not apply to the Hotel or Franchisee.  
ARTICLE II 
DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF THE HOTEL 
2.1
Hotel Development.  Franchisee shall, at its expense and with all reasonable 
diligence, develop or renovate the Hotel at the Site in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit B-
3 and the Hotel System, including the Design and Construction Standards, as well as applicable 
law.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the selection of the Site for the Hotel or the failure 
of Hyatt to object to the Site, does not constitute an assurance, representation or warranty by Hyatt 
of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability (commercially or otherwise) of the Site for the 
Hotel or for any other purpose.  Hyatt shall not be responsible for the failure of the Site approved 
by Hyatt to meet expectations as to revenue, income or operational criteria.  Franchisee further 
acknowledges and agrees that approval of the Site for the Hotel is based on Franchisee’s own 
independent investigation of the suitability of the Site.  Franchisee may not make any material 
changes to plans approved by Hyatt (including any changes to any structural or life safety 
equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any 
architectural features) without Hyatt’s prior written consent.  
