42 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
(2)
Approve sites for Brand Hotels in the Development Area that meet our then 
current requirements.  We generally do not own sites and lease them to franchisees, lease 
sites and sublease them to franchisees, or select sites for franchisees.  (Section 7 of 
Development Rights Agreement) 
(3)
Sign a franchise agreement and related documents with you (or your 
Controlled Affiliate) if we approve an application for a Brand Hotel.  You or your 
Controlled Affiliate must sign a franchise agreement before beginning construction of a 
Brand Hotel at a site.  If you or your Controlled Affiliate do not sign a separate franchise 
agreement for each Brand Hotel on or before applicable signing deadline, or do not open 
and begin operating the Brand Hotel under that franchise agreement on or before applicable 
opening deadline, then we may terminate the Development Rights Agreement.  You (or 
your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then current form of franchise agreement and any 
ancillary agreements for each Brand Hotel developed under the Development Rights 
Agreement, the terms of which may differ substantially from the terms contained in the 
Franchise Agreement attached to this disclosure document.  However, under each of those 
franchise agreements (a) the initial term is 20 years; (b) we will not charge an initial 
franchise fee (other than the application fee); (c) the royalty fee is 5% of the Brand Hotel’s 
gross rooms revenue; and (d) the capital expenditure account funding requirement is 4% 
of the Brand Hotel’s gross rooms revenue.  (Section 8 of Development Rights Agreement) 
Under the Franchise Agreement, before you begin operating the Hotel, we or another 
member of the Hyatt Group will: 
(1)
Approve a site for the Hotel that meets our requirements.  We do not provide 
any site selection assistance or specify an area within which you may look for a site under 
the Franchise Agreement.  We do not own hotel premises and lease them to franchisees.  
In determining whether to approve a site, we consider, among other things, demographic 
characteristics, traffic patterns, parking, visibility, allowed signage, the predominant 
character of the neighborhood, competition from other lodging facilities in the area, the 
nature of other businesses near the site, and other commercial characteristics (including the 
purchase price or rental obligations and other lease terms) and the proposed site’s size, 
appearance, and other physical characteristics.  You may not develop a Brand Hotel at a 
site that we do not approve.  We and you will not sign a Franchise Agreement until you 
have located and we have approved the Hotel’s site.  If you are converting an existing hotel 
from another brand to the Hotel System, we will inspect the hotel and prepare a PIP to 
provide details on our upgrade requirements.  Each Comfort Letter Party must sign a 
comfort letter or similar agreement that we reasonably specify.  (Sections 2.1, 2.5, 2.6 and 
2.7 and Exhibit B-3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(2)
Communicate our then current specifications and requirements for 
designing and developing a Brand Hotel, including the Design and Construction Standards.  
We will provide a briefing virtually, at our headquarters, or at another location we 
designate, to acquaint your managing owner or senior operations officer with our building 
process and support structure.  You must design and construct the Hotel according to our 
Design and Construction Standards and Hotel System.  If you are converting an existing 
