9 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Item 3 
LITIGATION 
Litigation Against Franchisees in the Last Fiscal Year 
During the 2024 fiscal year, we brought a claim against franchisees as follows: 
Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. v. Imperial Hotels, LLC, Sunikumar Patel, Akash Maheshwari, 
Roshni Jariwala Desai, Madhvan Nair, Daksha Patel, Sanjay Desai, Raj Gandhi, Usha Patel, 
Vinod Jayrambhai Patel and Mina Jariwala, No. 01-24-0008-8964 (AAA 2024) (Unpaid Royalty 
Fees). 
Other than as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.
Item 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
Item 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Application Fee 
You will pay us a lump-sum application fee when you submit the franchise application 
through our online application portal.  If the Hotel is new to the Brand Hotel network, the lump-
sum new development application fee is $50,000 plus an additional $500 for each guest room in 
the Hotel over 125 rooms.  If you are purchasing an existing Brand Hotel, you or the transferor 
will pay us a lump-sum change of ownership application fee of $100,000 when you submit the 
franchise application through our online application portal.  If you withdraw your franchise 
application before we approve it, or if we do not approve your franchise application for any reason, 
then we will refund your application fee, less a $7,500 fee to cover our costs for evaluating your 
application.  After we approve your franchise application, the application fee is non-refundable, 
even if we and you do not sign a Franchise Agreement.  If you and we agree to add any guest 
rooms to the Hotel before the Hotel opens, then you must pay us, when we approve the additional 
guest rooms, an additional non-refundable application fee of $500 multiplied by the number of 
additional guest rooms over 125 total guest rooms at the Hotel.     
PIP Preparation Fee 
If you are converting an existing structure to a Brand Hotel, you will pay us a non-
refundable fee of $5,000 for our preparation of the Property Improvement Plan (the “PIP”), which 
will detail the improvements necessary to renovate the structure to a Brand Hotel, at the time you 
submit your franchise application and the application fee.  
