13 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Item 6 
OTHER FEES 
We group the ongoing fees that you will pay to us and other companies in the Hyatt Group 
when operating the Hotel into 3 categories.  The first category includes the fees that the Franchise 
Agreement or Development Rights Agreement specifies.  Except as described below, these fees 
are typically imposed and collected by and payable to us.  The second category includes the fees 
for those System Services that we typically classify as Mandatory Services for Brand Hotels.  The 
third category includes the fees for those System Services that we typically classify as 
Non-Mandatory Services for Brand Hotels.  Depending on the particular circumstances of the 
Hotel, including its size, location and market positioning, we may reclassify some of the 
Mandatory Services listed below as Non-Mandatory Services and/or may reclassify some of the 
Non-Mandatory Services listed below as Mandatory Services for the Hotel.  The fees in the second 
and third group are typically imposed and collected by and payable to Hyatt Corporation.  At times 
we may collect amounts on behalf of our affiliates for services that they provide to franchisees.  
This Item does not cover the ongoing fees or payments relating to the Hotel’s operation that you 
pay directly to third parties. 
Except for the transfer fee, all fees are non-refundable.  In some cases we might negotiate 
some of the fees that some franchisees will pay, such as franchisees agreeing to develop or acquire 
Brand Hotels in strategic markets.  Otherwise, except as described below, all fees are uniform or 
are calculated on a uniform basis.  There currently are no franchisee advertising cooperatives in 
the Brand Hotel network. 
Fees Under the Franchise Agreement and Development Rights Agreement 
You will pay these fees to us under the Franchise Agreement and Development Rights 
Agreement. 
Column 1 
Type of Fee
Column 2 
Amount
Column 3 
Due Date
Column 4 
Remarks
Royalty Fee 
5% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue.  See Note 1 
10th day of each 
month or later 
day we 
periodically 
specify 
(“Payment 
Day”), based 
on Gross 
Rooms 
Revenue during 
previous month
See Notes 2 and 3 
Cooperative 
advertising 
contributions 
Amount Cooperative 
determines 
As Cooperative 
determines 
Payable only if you decide to 
participate in a Cooperative in 
your area 
