6  
Hyatt Studios 2025 DRA  
1616978723.2
specifies, in which case Hyatt (and its affiliates) may operate, and authorize any other 
parties to operate, Hyatt Studios Hotels the physical premises of which are located within 
the Development Area (or those parts of the Development Area) and engage, and allow 
others to engage, in any other activities Hyatt desires within the Development Area (or 
those parts of the Development Area) without any restrictions whatsoever, subject only to 
Developer’s (or its Controlled Affiliate’s) rights under then existing franchise agreements 
with Hyatt; 
(b)
temporarily suspend or permanently terminate Developer’s right to develop 
new Hyatt Studios Hotels in any geographic area that is part of the Development Area, in 
which event (i) Developer’s rights and the restrictions on Hyatt and its affiliates under 
Section 3(a) of this Agreement shall no longer apply in that geographic area, and (ii) Hyatt 
(and its affiliates) may operate, and authorize any other parties to operate, Hyatt Studios 
Hotels the physical premises of which are located within that geographic area and engage, 
and allow others to engage, in any other activities Hyatt desires within that geographic area 
without any restrictions whatsoever, subject only to Developer’s (or its Controlled 
Affiliate’s) rights under then existing franchise agreements with Hyatt; and/or 
(c)
reduce the number of remaining Developer Hotels to be developed under 
the Development Schedule, in which event Developer shall comply with the reduced 
Development Schedule that Hyatt provides in its written notice.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, upon Hyatt’s exercise of its rights under this Section 12(b), Hyatt is not required to 
refund any portion of the Development Fee paid with respect to the Developer Hotels that 
Developer is no longer permitted or required to develop. 
Hyatt’s exercise of its rights under this Section 12 will not be a defense for Developer to 
Hyatt’s enforcement of any other provision of this Agreement or any other Related Agreement or, 
except as provided in Section 12(c), waive or release Developer from any of its other obligations 
under this Agreement or any Related Agreement.  Hyatt’s exercise of these rights will not be 
Hyatt’s sole or exclusive remedy for Developer’s default.   
13.
Transfer by Hyatt.  Developer represents that it has not signed this Agreement in 
reliance on any particular direct or indirect owner, officer or employee remaining with Hyatt in 
that capacity.  Hyatt may change its ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and any other 
agreement to a third party without restriction.  After Hyatt’s assignment of this Agreement to a 
third party who expressly assumes the obligations under this Agreement, Hyatt no longer will have 
any performance or other obligations under this Agreement.  Such an assignment shall constitute 
a release of Hyatt and a novation with respect to this Agreement, and the assignee shall be liable 
to Developer as if it had been an original party to this Agreement.  
14.
Transfer by Developer.  Developer acknowledges that Hyatt is granting 
Developer the rights under this Agreement because of Hyatt’s perceptions of the character, skill, 
aptitude, business ability and financial capacity of Developer and its direct and indirect owners.  
Therefore, Developer agrees that neither Developer nor its direct or indirect controlling owners 
may transfer (as defined in the Existing Agreement) this Agreement or a Controlling Ownership 
Interest in Developer (whether directly or indirectly) without Hyatt’s prior written approval, which 
Hyatt may grant or withhold for any or no reason.  
