6 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Health & Sanitation.  Most states have regulations or statutes governing the lodging 
business and related services, including food handling and preparation.  Many state and local 
authorities require lodging businesses to obtain licenses to assure compliance with health and 
sanitation codes.  Health-related laws may affect the use of linens, towels and glassware, among 
other things. 
Alcoholic Beverages.  Alcoholic beverage service in a Brand Hotel is subject to extensive 
regulations and licensing governing virtually all aspects of the beverage service. 
Facility Operations.  Lodging facilities must comply with innkeepers’ laws that, among 
other things, might (i) allow innkeepers under certain circumstances to impose liens against the 
possessions of guests who do not pay their bills; (ii) limit the liability of innkeepers regarding 
guests’ valuables; (iii) require posting of house rules and room rates in each room or near the 
registration area; (iv) require registration of guests and proof of identity at check-in, and retention 
of records for a specified period of time; (v) limit the rights of innkeepers to refuse lodging to 
certain guests; and (vi) limit innkeepers’ rights to evict guests under certain circumstances.  
Applicable federal and state civil rights laws prohibit discrimination in hotels on the basis of race, 
creed, color or national origin.  Some states prohibit “overbooking” and require innkeepers to find 
other accommodations if the guest has paid a deposit.  Some states and municipalities also have 
enacted laws and regulations governing non-smoking areas and guest rooms.  In addition, the 
general business laws, rules and regulations which apply to hotels in your jurisdiction will affect 
you.  This includes any government orders related to emergent conditions, such as natural disasters 
and public health emergencies. 
Persons with Disabilities.  The accessibility laws, which include the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (“ADA”) and all other laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing 
accommodations for or relationships with persons with disabilities or similar individuals, as 
periodically in effect, require (among other things) that public accommodations, including hotels, 
(i) offer facilities without discriminating against persons with disabilities; (ii) offer auxiliary aids 
and services to enable a person with a disability to use and enjoy the establishment’s goods or 
services if doing so is not unduly burdensome or disruptive to business; and (iii) remove barriers 
to mobility or communication to the extent readily achievable.  The U.S. Department of Justice 
has published “accessibility guidelines” (“ADAAG”) that specify, among other things, a minimum 
number of handicapped-accessible rooms, assistance devices for hearing, speech, and visually 
impaired persons, and general design and construction standards that apply to all areas of facilities.  
Under the ADA, all new public accommodations and commercial facilities must be “readily 
accessible to and useable by individuals with disabilities,” unless it would be structurally 
impractical to do so.  Alterations of existing facilities also might need to comply with the ADA 
and ADAAG.  In addition, many states and municipalities have their own laws and regulations 
addressing disability discrimination, access requirements, building modifications and alterations 
and building code requirements. 
Fire Safety.  The Hotel and Motel Safety Act of 1990 (the “Safety Act”) encourages public 
accommodations to install hard wired single-station smoke detectors.  Certain travel directories 
include only those facilities that comply with the Safety Act.  Other state and local fire and life 
