4  
Hyatt Studios 2025 DRA  
1616978723.2
documents for that Developer Hotel.  Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) may not sign a 
Franchise Agreement until after Hyatt has approved the Application for that Developer Hotel, but 
Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) must sign a Franchise Agreement before beginning 
construction of a Developer Hotel at a site.  If Developer or its Controlled Affiliate do not sign a 
separate Franchise Agreement for that Developer Hotel on or before applicable FA Signing 
Deadline, or do not open and begin operating the Developer Hotel under that Franchise Agreement 
on or before applicable Hotel Opening Deadline, then Hyatt may terminate this Agreement 
according to Section 11.  Except as set forth in Section 6 with respect to the First Developer Hotel 
and for the obligation to open the Developer Hotels on or before the Hotel Opening Deadlines, 
after Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) signs the Franchise Agreement and related documents, 
their terms and conditions will control the development and operation of the Developer Hotel.   
8.
Form of Franchise Agreement.  The franchise agreement and related documents 
that Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) signs for each Developer Hotel (other than the First 
Developer Hotel if that is covered by the Existing Agreement) will be the form of franchise 
agreement and any ancillary agreements that Hyatt then customarily uses in granting franchises 
for Hyatt Studios Hotels (collectively, the “Franchise Agreement”), any or all of the terms of 
which may differ substantially from the terms contained in the Existing Agreement, except that, 
for each Franchise Agreement other than the Existing Agreement:  (a) the initial term will be 
twenty (20) years; (b) Hyatt will not charge an initial franchise fee (other than the Application 
Fee); (c) the royalty fee will be five percent (5%) of the Hyatt Studios Hotel’s gross rooms revenue 
(as defined in the applicable Franchise Agreement); and (d) Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) 
will be required to deposit four percent (4%) of the Hyatt Studios Hotel’s gross rooms revenue (as 
defined in the applicable Franchise Agreement) into a separate account that it controls for the 
purpose of making approved capital expenditures and complying with its upgrade and other capital 
expenditure obligations under the Franchise Agreement. To retain Developer’s rights under this 
Agreement, each Developer Hotel must operate continuously throughout the term of this 
Agreement. 
9.
No Sublicensing Rights or Rights to Use Proprietary Marks.  This Agreement 
does not grant Developer any right to license others to operate Hyatt Studios Hotels.  Only 
Developer (and its approved Controlled Affiliates) may develop Hyatt Studios Hotels pursuant to 
this Agreement and only under Franchise Agreements with Hyatt.  This Agreement does not grant 
Developer any right to use, or authorize others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner.  
Developer’s right to use the Proprietary Marks arises only under Franchise Agreements with Hyatt.  
Hyatt’s affiliate owns all rights to the Proprietary Marks, and Developer’s unauthorized use of the 
Proprietary Marks is an infringement of Hyatt’s and its affiliate’s rights and a breach of this 
Agreement.   
10.
Term and Termination.  The term of this Agreement begins on the Agreement 
Date and ends on the date when the final Franchise Agreement under the Development Schedule 
has been signed or this Agreement otherwise is terminated under Section 11, whichever occurs 
first (the “Development Term”).   
