gains and losses, net of applicable deferred income taxes, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on 
our consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, including those related to intercompany 
receivables and payables, are recognized in other income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income.
Fair Value—We apply the provisions of fair value measurement to various financial instruments, which we measure at 
fair value on a recurring basis, and to various financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities, which we measure at fair value on 
a nonrecurring basis. We disclose the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities based on observable market information, 
where available, or market participant assumptions. These assumptions are subjective in nature and involve matters of 
judgment; therefore, fair values cannot always be determined with precision. When determining fair value, we maximize the 
use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as 
follows:
•
Level One—Fair values based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;
•
Level Two—Fair values based on quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted 
prices in inactive markets for identical assets and liabilities, and inputs other than quoted market prices that are 
observable for the asset or liability; and
•
Level Three—Fair values based on inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of 
significant management judgment. Valuation techniques may include the use of discounted future cash flow models, 
certain of which utilize probability weighting, and similar techniques and may be internally developed.
We recognize transfers in and transfers out of the levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of each quarterly reporting 
period.
We typically utilize the market approach and income approach for valuing our financial instruments. The market approach 
utilizes prices and information generated by market transactions involving identical or similar assets and liabilities, and the 
income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future cash flows or earnings to a single, discounted present value. For 
instances in which the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the classification 
within the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in 
its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may 
affect the classification of fair value assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. 
The carrying values of our current financial assets and current financial liabilities approximate fair values with the 
exception of debt and equity securities as discussed below and in Note 4 and financing receivables as discussed in Note 6. The 
fair value of long-term debt is discussed in Note 11, and the fair value of our guarantee liabilities and contingent consideration 
receivables and liabilities is discussed below and in Note 4, Note 7, and Note 15. We do not have nonfinancial assets or 
nonfinancial liabilities required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
Cash Equivalents—We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or 
less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Except for time deposits as discussed below and in Note 4, cash equivalents 
are classified as Level One in the fair value hierarchy as we are able to obtain market pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Restricted Cash—Cash deposited or held in escrow under contractual or regulatory requirements is classified as 
restricted cash. Our restricted cash may include sales proceeds pursuant to like-kind exchanges, escrow deposits, deposits with 
banks that collateralize our obligations to certain vendors, and other arrangements. 
Variable Interest Entities—We determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have 
made an investment or in which we have other variable interests is considered a VIE. We consolidate VIEs when we are the 
primary beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary of a VIE when we have the power to direct activities that most 
significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive 
benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If we are not the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we account for the 
investment or other variable interests in a VIE in accordance with the applicable GAAP. On a quarterly basis, we determine 
whether any changes in the interest or relationship with the entity impact the determination of whether we are still the primary 
beneficiary. For additional information about variable interest entities, see Note 4.
Equity Method Investments—We have investments in unconsolidated hospitality ventures accounted for under the 
equity method. These investments are an integral part of our business and strategically and operationally important to our 
overall results. When we receive a distribution from an investment, we determine whether it is a return on our investment or a 
return of our investment based on the underlying nature of the distribution. Certain equity method investments are reported on a 
