5 
[HYATT STUDIOS] 
Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616978713.2 
d.
SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS 
AGREEMENT.
10. 
Independent Contractor.    
Hyatt is an independent contractor and all persons employed to furnish Services hereunder are 
employees or subcontractors of Hyatt or its affiliates and not of Owner.  
11.
Incorporation of Franchise Agreement Provisions.    
The article entitled Dispute Resolution and the sections entitled Notices, and Governing Law of the 
Franchise Agreement (if any and even if identified differently) are incorporated by this reference into this 
Agreement. 
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Agreement 
or in any Schedules attached hereto, as may be updated or supplemented by Hyatt in writing from time to 
time.  All other capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Franchise Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference. 
12.
Force Majeure.  
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any loss or damage due to delays or failure to perform 
hereunder resulting from events beyond the reasonable control of such party, including without limitation 
acts of God, action by any governmental entity, pandemic, fire, flood, telecommunication failures or labor 
disputes (“Force Majeure Event”).  In the event that a Force Majeure Event prevents Hyatt from delivering 
the Services for a period of more than thirty (30) days, either party shall have the right to terminate this 
Agreement upon notice to the other party.  
13.
 Binding/Assignment. 
Except in the event of termination of this Agreement as set forth in Section 1, this Agreement shall 
inure to and bind the successors, assigns and representatives of the parties. Owner shall not assign this 
Agreement, except to an affiliate, without the prior written approval of Hyatt. Hyatt may assign this 
agreement, including to any of its affiliates, without the prior consent of Owner.  
14.
Entire Agreement.    
This contains the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes any prior agreement, 
promises and understandings between them, concerning the subject matter hereto.  No representations, 
promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not embodied herein, shall be of any force or effect. 
15.
Execution / Amendment of Agreement.    
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which, when fully executed, 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This 
Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission (including PDF) with the same force 
and effect as if it were executed and delivered by the Parties simultaneously in the presence of one another.  
This Agreement may be amended only by a written or electronic instrument signed by the parties hereto.  
16.
Schedules.    
