44 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
(8)
Provide you access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that 
we periodically specify during the period before the Hotel’s opening date that we 
reasonably specify.  (Section 3.3 of Franchise Agreement)   
(9)
Train your Hotel’s senior manager-level employees whom we periodically 
designate, which may include (as applicable) the general manager, rooms director, director 
of sales, engineering director, director of food and beverage, director of catering, executive 
chef, and assistant general manager (collectively the “Core Management”) and other Hotel 
personnel we specify in the operation of a Brand Hotel to help ensure compliance with 
System Standards.  We will place our trainer(s) at the Hotel for its opening.  (Section 3.1 
of Franchise Agreement)   
(10)
Provide you access to the System Standards.  You must comply with the 
System Standards, as we periodically modify them, except for any employment-related or 
other policies and procedures which are clearly indicated in the System Standards as being 
for your optional use.  We may communicate the System Standards to you using various 
means that we may periodically establish, including electronic media and/or written 
materials, and you must continuously monitor and access any updates to the System 
Standards or other aspects of the Hotel System.  The System Standards and any passwords 
or other digital identifications necessary to access the System Standards are confidential. 
Any materials, guidance or assistance that we provide on employment-related 
policies or procedures, whether in the System Standards or otherwise, are solely for your 
(or your management company’s) optional use.  Those materials, guidance and assistance 
do not form part of the mandatory System Standards.  You (or your approved management 
company) will determine to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or assistance 
should apply to the Hotel’s employees.  We do not dictate or control labor or employment 
matters for franchisees and their employees.  You (or your approved management 
company) are solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of employment 
for all Hotel employees (including Core Management), for all decisions concerning the 
hiring, firing and discipline of Hotel employees, and for all other aspects of the Hotel’s 
labor relations and employment practices.  (Sections 3.2 and 4.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(11)
Authorize your Hotel to open under the Proprietary Marks if you satisfy our 
pre-opening conditions as set forth in the System Standards or otherwise in writing.  We 
will use commercially reasonable efforts in our review and approval of plans and in our 
approval process to open the Hotel, including by making a reasonable number of visits to 
the Site (to the extent practical under the circumstances) and providing reasonable guidance 
and advice relating to the Hotel’s development or conversion.  You must pay our then 
current fees for any additional guidance, services or assistance (beyond what we typically 
provide to similarly situated Brand Hotels, subject to Reasonable Deviations) that you 
request and we agree to provide.  We act only in an advisory capacity and are not 
responsible for the adequacy or coordination of any plans and specifications, the integrity 
of any structures, compliance with applicable laws (including accessibility laws) or any 
insurance requirements, or obtaining any permits.  We will have no liability to you for the 
