Hyatt Studios – 2025 State Pages 
1616978718.2 
5
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law, subject to your arbitration obligation, you may bring an action in 
Maryland. 
5.
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document: 
You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, 
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
MINNESOTA
1.
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document: 
For franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. 
§80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that 
you be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ 
notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
Any release as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to 
the extent prohibited by law for claims arising under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D. 
Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving rights to a jury 
trial; waiving rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided by the laws of 
the jurisdiction; or consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties or 
judgment notes.  However, we and you will enforce these provisions in our 
Franchise Agreement to the extent the law allows. 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibits us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.  Those provisions also provide that 
no condition, stipulations or provision in the Franchise Agreement shall in any way 
abrogate or reduce any rights you have under the Minnesota Franchises Law, 
including (subject to your arbitration obligation) the right to submit matters to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota and the right to any procedure, forum or 
remedies that the laws of the jurisdiction provide. 
