63 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Item 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Hyatt Corporation registered the following principal Proprietary Marks on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”): 
Mark 
Registration No. 
Registration Date 
Hyatt
945,384
October 17, 1972
World of Hyatt
5,201,881
May 9, 2017
Hyatt Corporation has made all required renewal and affidavit filings for these registrations.     
In addition, Hyatt Corporation has filed applications for the following Marks on the 
Principal Register of the PTO:   
Mark 
Application No. 
Application Date 
Hyatt Studios
97/893537
April 18, 2023
Hyatt Studios logo
97/893556
April 18, 2023
Hyatt Corporation’s applications for these trademarks remain pending, so we do not have a federal 
registration for our principal trademark.  Therefore, our trademark does not have as many legal 
benefits and rights as a federally registered trademark.  If our right to use the trademark is 
challenged, you may have to change to an alternative trademark, which may increase your 
expenses. 
Hyatt Corporation granted us the rights to use and sublicense the Proprietary Marks under 
a Trademark License Agreement dated November 1, 1993, as amended (the “Trademark License 
Agreement”).  That agreement has a perpetual term, subject to termination by Hyatt Corporation 
for cause.  Hyatt Corporation may terminate the agreement if it no longer owns a majority interest 
in us, if we fail to make a required payment and do not cure the failure within 7 days after notice, 
if we fail to maintain or require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s prescribed 
standards of quality and service and do not cure the failure within 30 days after notice, if we fail 
to comply with any other provision of the agreement and do not cure the failure within 30 days 
after notice, or if we have an insolvency event and do not cure the failure within 60 days after 
notice. If Hyatt Corporation terminates the Trademark License Agreement because we failed to 
maintain or failed to require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s standards of quality 
and service, Hyatt Corporation may enter into a license with our authorized franchisees, but only 
if the franchisee not in default of its franchise agreement.  No other agreements significantly limit 
our rights to use or license the Proprietary Marks in a manner material to the franchise. 
There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the Trademark Trial 
and Appeal Board, any state trademark administrator or any court, and no pending infringement, 
opposition or cancellation proceedings or other material federal or state court litigation, involving 
