70 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
liquid assets (consisting of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) in the minimum 
amount of the guarantor liquidity minimum listed in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement.  We 
will determine the amount of the Guarantor Monetary Threshold as of the Franchise Agreement’s 
effective date based on information we deem relevant, including the Hotel’s size, the market in 
which the Hotel will operate, and our assessment of our risk or exposure in the transaction.  We 
will list the initial Guarantor Monetary Threshold in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement 
before we and you sign it.  The Guarantor Monetary Threshold will increase automatically each 
year of the Franchise Agreement’s term, without notice from us, effective on the first day of the 
calendar month during which the Franchise Agreement’s effective date falls, by an amount equal 
to the CPI Increase.  The “CPI Increase” means the amount to be adjusted multiplied by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for All Items, which 
the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics publishes (the “Base Index”) as of the 
first day of the calendar month during which the increase is to take effect, and the denominator of 
which is the Base Index in effect on the Franchise Agreement’s effective date or used for the most 
recent increase (whichever is later).  If the Base Index is no longer published, we may designate 
another reasonably comparable index for calculating changes in the cost of living or purchasing 
power for consumers.  Your guarantors must provide us on an annual basis financial statements or 
other documents that we reasonably specify, which you or the guarantor certify in the manner we 
specify, demonstrating that at least one guarantor satisfies the Guarantor Monetary Threshold.  
You and your guarantors must reasonably cooperate with all auditing and reporting requirements 
relating to the Guarantor Monetary Threshold. 
A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in you or one of your owners (if that owner is a legal 
entity) means, whether directly or indirectly, either:  (a) the record or beneficial ownership of, or 
right to control, 50% or more of the investment capital, equity, rights to receive profits or losses, 
or other rights to participate in your or the entity’s results; or (b) the effective control of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of your or that entity’s management and policies, including a general 
partnership interest (if the entity is a partnership) and a manager or managing member interest (if 
the entity is a limited liability company), or the power to appoint or remove any party having these 
powers.  In addition, in the case of (a) or (b), the determination of whether a “Controlling 
Ownership Interest” exists is made both immediately before and immediately after a proposed 
transfer. 
Development Rights Agreement 
You must develop your Development Area according to the Development Schedule.  We 
recommend that you (or, if you are an entity, your owners) personally supervise your development 
of Brand Hotels.  Under the Development Rights Agreement, your personnel need not have an 
equity interest in any Brand Hotel or in you.  Personnel need not attend our training program.  If 
you are an entity, your owners need not sign any personal guarantees of your obligations under the 
Development Rights Agreement.   
