71 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Item 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must offer all products and provide all services that 
we periodically authorize for your Hotel (including F&B Operations) in compliance with all 
applicable laws and according to our quality standards.  We may change these products and 
services at any time, and there is no limit on this right.  You may not sell any products or perform 
any services at the Hotel that we have not authorized.  You also must obtain our approval of your 
relationship with any F&B Operator, including the restaurant concept and the lease terms.  The 
Franchise Agreement contains no restrictions on the customers to whom you may provide goods 
and services.   
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates if those rates and your pricing policies comply 
with System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best 
rate guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any 
guest a rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest at the time the 
guest makes the reservation.  You may not change the number of guest rooms in the Hotel without 
our consent. 
Item 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.  
Provision
Section in franchise or other 
agreement
Summary
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
1.2 and 10.2 of Franchise 
Agreement; 10 of Development 
Rights Agreement; 2 of 
Confidentiality Agreement; 1 of 
Central Services Agreement; 
Hyatt Studios Services 
Schedule 
Franchise Agreement’s term expires 20 
years after the 1st day of the month in which 
the Hotel opens.  If you acquire an existing 
Brand Hotel from a franchisee, the term will 
be the remaining term on the selling 
franchisee’s agreement.  Term extends for 
period during which Hotel is closed for 
casualty.  Development Rights Agreement’s 
term expires when the final franchise 
agreement under the Development Schedule 
is signed.  Confidentiality Agreement’s 
obligations continue for 5 years or 
indefinitely for trade secrets.  Central 
Services Agreement expires upon the 
Franchise Agreement’s termination or 
expiration.  Hyatt Studios Services 
