18 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
hereunder.  Funds must be available in Franchisee’s account to cover payments when due.  
Franchisee may not change its bank, financial institution, or account used in connection with the 
operation of the Hotel without first telling Hyatt. 
6.5
Late Fee and Late Payment Interest.  Franchisee agrees to pay Hyatt a late fee of 
Two Hundred Twenty-Five Dollars ($225) for each required payment not made on or before its 
original due date and for each required payment or authorized automatic debit not honored by 
Franchisee’s financial institution.  The late fee is not interest or a penalty but compensates Hyatt 
for increased administrative and management costs due to Franchisee’s late payment.  In addition, 
all amounts that Franchisee owes Hyatt that are more than seven (7) days late, or that are not 
available for withdrawal by automatic debit when due (if the amounts are payable by automatic 
debit), will bear interest accruing as of their original due date at one and one-half percent (1.5%) 
per month or the highest commercial contract interest rate the law allows, whichever is less.  
Franchisee acknowledges that this Section 6.5 is not Hyatt’s agreement to accept any payments 
after they are due or Hyatt’s commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance Franchisee’s 
operation of, the Hotel. 
6.6
Application of Payments.  Despite any designation Franchisee makes, Hyatt may 
apply any of Franchisee’s payments to any of Franchisee’s past due indebtedness to Hyatt or its 
Affiliates.  Hyatt may set off any amounts Franchisee or its Affiliates owe Hyatt or its Affiliates 
against any amounts that Hyatt or its Affiliates owe Franchisee or its Affiliates.  Franchisee may 
not withhold payment of any amounts Franchisee owes Hyatt or its Affiliates due to Hyatt’s alleged 
nonperformance of any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
6.7
Taxes on Franchisee’s Payments.  In addition to any sales, use and other taxes 
that applicable law requires or permits Hyatt to collect from Franchisee for providing goods or 
services under this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Hyatt all Transaction Taxes in an amount 
necessary to provide Hyatt with after-tax receipts (taking into account any additional payments 
required hereunder) equal to the same amounts that Hyatt would have received under this 
Agreement if such Transaction Taxes had not been imposed.  
6.8
Non-Refundability.  Unless otherwise specified, all fees that Franchisee paid to 
Hyatt or its Affiliates before or simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, or pays to 
Hyatt or its Affiliates during the Term, are non-refundable. 
ARTICLE VII 
BOOKS AND RECORDS, AUDITS AND REPORTING 
7.1
Reports.  Franchisee must prepare and deliver to Hyatt the operating statements, 
financial statements and other reports relating to the Hotel that Hyatt periodically requires, 
prepared in the form, by the methods, and within the timeframes that Hyatt periodically specifies 
in the System Standards.  Hyatt may use such information for all reasonable purposes.  Hyatt may 
require Franchisee to have audited financial statements prepared annually during the Term. 
7.2
Lender and Ground Lessor Information.  Franchisee must send Hyatt current 
contact information for each Lender and Ground Lessor upon Hyatt’s request.  Without limiting 
