43 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
hotel from another brand to the Hotel System, you must renovate the Hotel according to 
the PIP, which may reference some or all of our Design and Construction Standards and 
the Hotel System.  The PIP is attached to the Franchise Agreement when we and you sign 
it.  You may not make any material changes to plans set forth in the PIP (including any 
changes to any structural or life safety equipment or systems, the number and/or type of 
guest rooms or common areas, or any architectural features), without our prior written 
consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold.  We and our affiliates may operate, and 
authorize others to operate, Brand Hotels within or outside the United States providing 
additional, fewer and/or different amenities and services to guests than the Hotel provides, 
or that otherwise operate in a manner that is substantially different from the manner in 
which the Hotel operates.  We may establish and periodically modify the Hotel System and 
System Standards for certain Brand Hotels in a manner that is different from the Hotel 
System and System Standards that apply to some or all Brand Hotels within or outside the 
United States.  (Sections 2.1, 2.6 and 2.8 and Exhibit B-3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(3)
As described in Item 8, identify the brands, types, makes and/or models of 
FF&E and other items (including both products and services) that meet our System 
Standards and, if we require, designated and approved suppliers of these items.  We or our 
designated affiliate will directly provide and deliver, and in certain cases install, some 
items.  We will provide you with the names of approved suppliers for some items.  Our 
System Standards or other communications provide our standards and specifications for 
some items.  (Sections 3.3, 4.3 and 4.4 of Franchise Agreement)  
(4)
Approve your initial design development documents and detailed plans for 
a new Hotel or renovation plans for conversion of an existing structure, including working 
drawings and specifications, if they comply with our Design and Construction Standards, 
Hotel System and System Standards.  You must prepare and submit the plans to us for our 
approval and change the plans as we specify.  You may not begin constructing, remodeling 
or developing the Hotel until we have approved the plans.  You may not change the 
approved plans, including by changing any structural or life safety equipment or systems, 
the number or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any architectural features, without 
our prior approval.  (Section 2.1 and Exhibit B-3 of Franchise Agreement)   
(5)
If applicable, approve an F&B Operations Plan and F&B Operator(s) that 
meet our requirements.  (Section 2.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(6)
Provide the applicable System Services for the Hotel during its pre-opening 
period.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement) 
(7)
Provide data installation services relating to the initial set-up of the CRS, 
GDS and ADS at the Hotel, IT Project Management Services, and other technology-related 
services described in Item 5.  (Section 2.2 of Franchise Agreement)  We describe the 
Technology System later in this Item. 
