34 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Parties) may not be consolidated with any other arbitration proceeding between Hyatt and any 
other person or entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this 
Section 14.1 or Section 18.2, if any court or arbitrator determines that all or any part of the 
preceding sentence is unenforceable with respect to a dispute that otherwise would be subject to 
arbitration under this Section 14.1, then all parties agree that this arbitration clause shall not apply 
to that dispute and that such dispute shall be resolved in a judicial proceeding in accordance with 
this ARTICLE XIV (excluding this Section 14.1). 
Despite this Section 14.1, Hyatt and Franchisee each have the right to seek temporary 
restraining orders and temporary or preliminary injunctive relief from a court of competent 
jurisdiction; provided, however, that Hyatt and Franchisee must contemporaneously submit the 
dispute for arbitration on the merits as provided in this Section 14.1.  The provisions of this 
Section 14.1 are intended to benefit and bind certain third party non-signatories and will continue 
in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or 
termination. 
14.2
Governing Law.  All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Sections 1 et seq.).  Except to the extent governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act, the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 1051 
et seq.) or other federal law, this Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the 
relationship between Hyatt (and/or any of its Affiliates) and Franchisee will be governed by the 
laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that any Illinois law 
regulating the offer or sale of franchises, business opportunities, or similar interests, or governing 
the relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee or any similar relationship, will not apply 
unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Section 14.2. 
14.3
Consent to Jurisdiction.  Subject to the parties’ arbitration obligations and the 
provisions below, Franchisee agrees that all actions arising under this Agreement or otherwise as 
a result of the relationship between Franchisee and Hyatt (and/or any of its Affiliates) must be 
commenced in the state or federal court of general jurisdiction closest to Hyatt’s then current 
principal business address, and Franchisee irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of those courts 
and waives any objection it might have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in those courts.  
Nonetheless, Franchisee agrees that Hyatt may enforce this Agreement and any arbitration orders 
and awards in the courts of the state or states in which Franchisee is domiciled or the Hotel is 
located. 
14.4
Attorneys’ Fees.  If either party initiates a formal legal proceeding under or relating 
to this Agreement or the relationship between Franchisee and Hyatt (and/or any of its Affiliates), 
the non-prevailing party in that proceeding (as determined by the judge or arbitrator, as applicable) 
must reimburse the prevailing party for all of the prevailing party’s costs and expenses that it 
incurs, including reasonable accounting, attorneys’, arbitrators’, and related fees. 
14.5
Waiver Of Punitive Damages And Jury Trial.  EXCEPT FOR THE 
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS UNDER SECTIONS 8.3 
AND 8.4, AND EXCEPT FOR PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, AND TREBLE AND OTHER 
FORMS OF MULTIPLE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO EITHER PARTY UNDER FEDERAL 
LAW, HYATT AND FRANCHISEE WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
