49 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Hotel, we estimate that you will open the Hotel approximately 9 to 12 months after paying the 
application fee.  The interval depends on the time it takes for you to finalize acquisition of the 
Hotel’s premises (if applicable) and sign the Franchise Agreement, the suitability of the site, 
weather, the location and condition of the premises (including the premises’ former use) and the 
construction schedule for the Hotel.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel within 24 
months after signing the Franchise Agreement for new Brand Hotels and 6 months after signing 
the Franchise Agreement for converted hotels (unless we agree to a longer period before we and 
you sign the Franchise Agreement) or by the next opening date on your Development Schedule 
under the Development Rights Agreement.  You also must meet various interim deadlines for the 
Hotel’s development.  If you do not meet these requirements, then you must pay the $5,000 
extension fee to us and request an extension, which we may grant or deny at our option.  If we 
approve the extension, we will set a new opening deadline, the extension fee is non-refundable, 
and we may (at our option) require you to modify any previously-approved detailed plans or the 
PIP (as applicable) to comply with the then current design, equipment and other aspects of the 
Hotel System.  If you do not open the Hotel by the required completion date, we may terminate 
the Franchise Agreement.  
You may not open or begin operating the Hotel under the Proprietary Marks until we have 
notified you in writing that:  (1) you have properly developed and equipped the Hotel in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement and all applicable laws; (2) Hotel personnel have 
completed all pre-opening training to our satisfaction; (3) you have paid all amounts then due to 
us and our affiliates; (4) you have obtained all required certificates of occupancy, licenses and 
permits to operate the Hotel; (5) you have given us evidence of insurance coverage and payment 
of premiums we request; (6) you have given us certifications concerning the Hotel’s construction; 
and (7) we have conducted a pre-opening inspection and approved the Hotel for opening under the 
Proprietary Marks.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel under the Proprietary Marks 
within 10 days after receiving our authorization, which we will not unreasonably withhold or 
delay.  We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not meet these deadlines.  Our 
determination that you have met all of our pre-opening requirements is not a representation or 
warranty, express or implied, that the Hotel complies with any laws or is safe for occupancy, nor 
will such determination act as a waiver of your non-compliance, or our right to demand full 
compliance, with our pre-opening requirements or any other provision of the Franchise 
Agreement.  You must indemnify us for costs and expenses we incur because of your failure to 
open on time, including amounts we pay to customers whose reservations are canceled.  (Sections 
2.1 to 2.6 of Franchise Agreement)  
Training 
Our current required initial training program has 8 parts: the Owner Briefing, the operator 
approval and onboarding program (“Franchise Manager University” or “FMU”), the 
owner/operator orientation program, the General Manager University (“GMU”), the operations 
training program, the sales/catering/revenue training program, the training programs for other 
Hotel personnel, and the Pre-Opening Brand Training.  Except for any optional courses that we 
choose to provide, all initial training is mandatory.  Our Franchise People & Learning Department 
administers and directs all of our initial training in coordination with our corporate operations 
team.  Julie Suh, Associate Vice President, People & Learning, leads the Franchise People & 
