65 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
may use the Copyrighted Materials only as we specify to operate the Hotel under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, or of any person’s claim of any rights in 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, and not communicate with any person 
other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and your attorneys, regarding any 
infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our affiliates may take the action we and they deem 
appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation or administrative 
proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise concerning any 
Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information.  You must sign any documents and take any 
other reasonable actions that, in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or other 
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Copyrighted 
Materials and Confidential Information.  We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
for taking any requested action.  We need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for 
damages and expenses you incur if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding 
involving any Copyrighted Materials or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.   
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole judgment for you to modify or discontinue 
using any of the Copyrighted Materials and/or for you to use one or more additional or substitute 
copyrighted or copyrightable items, you must immediately comply with our directions. 
There are no effective material determinations of, or pending material proceedings before, 
the PTO, the United States Copyright Office, or any court involving the Copyrighted Materials.  
We do not know of any infringement of the Copyrighted Materials that could materially affect 
you.  No agreement significantly limits our right to use or license the Copyrighted Materials. 
You will sign the Confidentiality Agreement while we and you are evaluating whether to 
start a franchise relationship.  You must keep confidential all information concerning development 
plans for particular sites or markets and information concerning our plans, strategies, operations, 
processes, and System Standards.  These obligations continue even if we and you do not sign a 
Franchise Agreement.  You must take reasonable measures to ensure that your employees, agents 
and advisors comply with these restrictions and are responsible if they fail to do so.  You also must 
promise us that our and your discussions and, if applicable, your signing a Franchise Agreement 
do not violate any laws, breach any agreements or require any consents. 
We and our affiliates possess (and will continue to develop and acquire) Confidential 
Information, some of which constitutes trade secrets under applicable law, relating to developing 
and operating Brand Hotels.  “Confidential Information” includes:  (1) site selection criteria; (2) 
the substance, design, and construction of Brand Hotels and the Design and Construction 
Standards; (3) training and operations materials and modules; (4) methods, formats, specifications, 
standards, systems, procedures, sales and marketing techniques, knowledge, and experience used 
in developing and operating Brand Hotels; (5) marketing, advertising and promotional programs 
for Brand Hotels; (6) Guest Information (defined below) and any information and data relating to 
guests and customers of other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels; (7) knowledge of 
