3 
[HYATT STUDIOS] 
Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616978713.2 
such a manner that the net amount received after withholding or payment of all such taxes or levies shall 
be equal to the amount which Hyatt and/or its affiliates would have otherwise been entitled to invoice under 
the terms of this Agreement in the absence of any such taxes, levies or deductions. 
5.
Feedback. 
If Owner provides Hyatt with information, ideas, or feedback regarding the Services (“Feedback”), 
Owner hereby grants Hyatt a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable and 
transferrable right and license to use, reproduce, disclose, distribute, modify and otherwise exploit such 
Feedback without restriction.  Section 5 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
6.
Confidentiality.  
a.   Each party (a “Receiving Party”) acknowledges that it and its employees, subcontractors 
or agents may, in the course of satisfying its obligations hereunder, be exposed to or acquire 
information that is proprietary to or confidential to the other party (a “Disclosing Party”).  
Any and all confidential information of any form obtained by a Receiving Party or its 
employees, subcontractors or agents in the performance of the Services or the satisfaction 
of such party’s obligations hereunder, including but not limited to the financial terms of 
this Agreement, product and business plans, unpublished financial information, trade 
secrets, know-how and information regarding processes, information regarding customers,
information concerning both successful and unsuccessful tests and ideas and technologies, 
and any reports, materials, program materials, software, flowcharts, notes, outlines and the 
like, used, created or developed by Hyatt or its affiliates in connection herewith (“Work
Product”) shall be deemed to be the confidential and proprietary information 
(“Confidential Information”) of the Disclosing Party.  The Receiving Party agrees (i) to 
hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence; (ii) to disclose Confidential 
Information only to employees of the Receiving Party who have a need to know such 
Confidential Information and who are advised to hold such Confidential Information in 
strict confidence; and (iii) not to copy, reproduce, sell, assign, license, market, transfer or 
otherwise dispose of, give or disclose such Confidential Information to third parties, or to 
use such Confidential Information for any purposes whatsoever other than in connection 
with the Receiving Party’s performance under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything 
in this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall not copy, reproduce, sell, assign, license, 
market, transfer or otherwise dispose of, give or disclose the Disclosing Party's 
Confidential Information to a competitor of the Disclosing Party without the prior written 
consent of the Disclosing Party. In addition, Owner acknowledges it does not have right, 
title, interest or copyright in any Work Product or Hyatt Confidential Information, nor any 
license to use, sell, exploit, copy or further develop such Work Product or Confidential 
Information.   This provision will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this 
Agreement.
b.  Confidential Information shall exclude all information, which (a) is at the time of 
disclosure, or thereafter becomes, a part of the public domain through no act or omission 
of the other party, its employees or agents; (b) was in the other party's possession as shown 
by written records prior to the disclosure and had not been obtained by such party either 
directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party; (c) is hereafter disclosed to the other party 
by a third party who did not acquire the information directly or indirectly from the 
