Hyatt Studios – 2025 State Pages 
1616978718.2 
2
MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION & INNOVATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
4. The following paragraph is added to the “Special Risks to Consider About This 
Franchise” page: 
Spousal Liability.  While your spouse need not sign a personal guarantee unless 
he or she is an owner of the legal entity that is the franchisee, the fact that California 
is a community-property state means that both your and your spouse’s marital and 
personal assets, including your house, could be lost if your franchise fails. 
5. The following language is added at the end of Item 3 of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document: 
Neither we, nor any person in Item 2 of the disclosure document, is subject to any 
currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. Sections 
78a et seq., suspending or expelling such person from membership in that 
association or exchange.  
6. The following language is added to the “Remarks” column of the line-item titled “Late 
fee and interest” in Item 6 of the Franchise Disclosure Document: 
The highest interest rate allowed under California law is 10% annually. 
7. The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document: 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide 
rights to franchisees concerning transfer, termination, or non-renewal of a 
franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with 
the law, then the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause. Under California 
Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon insolvency. This provision 
might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sections 101 
et seq.). 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Illinois. 
This provision might not be enforceable under California law. 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at 
a suitable location that is within ten (10) miles of where we have our (or, in the case 
of a transfer by us, the then-current franchisor has its) principal business address 
