3  
Hyatt Studios 2025 DRA  
1616978723.2
Schedule (the “Hotel Opening Deadline”).  Time is of the essence under this Agreement.  If 
Developer requests, and Hyatt grants, an extension of the opening deadline pursuant to the 
applicable Franchise Agreement for any Developer Hotel, then the corresponding Hotel Opening 
Deadline for that Developer Hotel under this Agreement shall be extended for the same period.   
6.
Franchise Application and Project Review.  Developer must complete and 
deliver to Hyatt for each proposed Developer Hotel project Hyatt’s then current form of franchise 
application, including materials and information for the proposed site and project and relating to 
Developer’s (or its Controlled Affiliate’s) financial and operational ability to develop and operate 
the proposed Developer Hotel (collectively, the “Application”).  Together with each Franchise 
Application, Developer shall pay Hyatt a franchise application fee equal to Fifty Thousand Dollars 
($50,000), plus an additional Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per room for each room in the proposed 
Developer Hotel in excess of One Hundred Twenty-Five (125) (the “Application Fee”).  Each 
proposed project, which must meet Hyatt’s then current site selection criteria for Hyatt Studios 
Hotels, must be available for acquisition and development in time for Developer (or its Controlled 
Affiliate) to develop and open a Developer Hotel at that site on or before the applicable Hotel 
Opening Deadline.  If Developer withdraws any Application before Hyatt approves it, or if Hyatt 
does not approve any Application for any reason, Hyatt will refund the Application Fee less a 
Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollar ($7,500) fee to cover Hyatt’s costs associated with 
evaluating that Application; however, after Hyatt approves an Application, the Application Fee is 
not refundable, even if Hyatt and Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) do not sign a Franchise 
Agreement for that project.   
Hyatt will apply Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) of the Development Fee towards the 
Application Fees for each of the first two (2) Applications that Developer submits under this 
Agreement.  If Developer withdraws either of these Applications before Hyatt approves it, or if 
Hyatt does not approve either of these Applications for any reason, then Hyatt will apply the 
remainder of that portion of the Development Fee (after deducting the Seven Thousand Five 
Hundred Dollar ($7,500) fee described above) towards the next Application Fee that Developer 
owes pursuant to this Agreement. 
Developer acknowledges and agrees that Hyatt’s acceptance or approval of, or failure to 
object to, the site for each Developer Hotel does not constitute an assurance, representation or 
warranty by Hyatt of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability (commercially or otherwise) 
of the site for the Developer Hotel or for any other purpose.  Hyatt shall not be responsible for the 
failure of any site approved by Hyatt to meet expectations as to revenue, income or operational 
criteria.  Developer further acknowledges and agrees that approval of the site for any Developer 
Hotel is based on Developer’s own independent investigation of the suitability of the site.  
If Hyatt has not accepted Developer’s (or its Controlled Affiliate’s) proposed site for its 
First Developer Hotel as of the Agreement Date, then the provisions of this Section 6 shall govern 
Hyatt’s and Developer’s (or its Controlled Affiliate’s) rights and obligations with respect to 
selection and acceptance of that site.  
7.
Grant of Franchises.  If Hyatt approves an Application for a Developer Hotel 
(other than the first Developer Hotel if that is covered by the Existing Agreement), then Developer 
or its approved Controlled Affiliate must sign a separate Franchise Agreement and related 
