32 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
for additional funds and other figures.  You should review these figures carefully with a business 
advisor before deciding to acquire the franchise.  Except as described in Item 10, we do not offer 
financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  The availability and terms of 
financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your 
creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which you 
request a loan.  The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service 
obligations.  Except for a portion of the application fee that we will refund if we do not approve 
the application, no amounts in the chart are refundable. 
Brand Hotels are intended to be located in primary, suburban, secondary, and tertiary 
markets.  They will typically occupy property of 1 to 3 acres, but the amount of land the Hotel 
requires will vary greatly depending upon local building codes, setback requirements, parking 
requirements and similar factors.  Leasing or purchase costs vary widely and depend on geographic 
location, size, visibility, local rental rates, other businesses in the area, other local economic 
conditions, the site’s market potential, the type of ownership or leasehold interest and other factors.  
Because of these factors, this table does not estimate the costs for the Hotel’s rent or security 
deposit or the purchase price for the building or land on which the Hotel is located (if you decide 
to buy, rather than lease, the land and/or premises).
Development Rights Agreement 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Column 1 
Type of expenditure 
Column 2 
Amount 
Column 3 
Method 
of 
Payment
Column 4 
When due 
Column 5 
To whom 
payment is to be 
made
Development Fee 
(1) 
$100,000 
Lump sum  
Upon signing 
Development 
Rights 
Agreement 
Us 
Additional funds - 3 
months (2)
$0 to $250,000 
As incurred 
As incurred 
Third Parties 
TOTAL 
ESTIMATED 
INITIAL 
INVESTMENT (3) 
$100,000 to 
$350,000
Explanatory Notes for Development Rights Agreement 
1. 
Development Fee.  We expect that Development Rights Agreements will cover 
between 4 and 15 Brand Hotels.  We will apply $50,000 of the development fee toward the 
application fee owed under the first 2 Franchise Applications submitted under the Development 
Rights Agreement. 
