35 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
GDS and ADS are the only reservation systems or services that the Hotel may use for reservations.  
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates, if those rates and your pricing policies comply with 
System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best rate 
guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any guest a 
rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest when the guest makes 
the reservation. 
Except as described here and in Item 6, in providing these and other products and services 
to you, the Hyatt Group companies have the right to charge prices that exceed their costs and 
include a profit margin.  Except as described above or in Item 5 or 6, there currently are no other 
goods or services for the Hotel that you must buy or lease from us or one of our affiliates or for 
which we or one of our affiliates is an approved supplier or the only approved supplier. 
Approved Suppliers, Hotel System and System Standards 
Promptly after preparing the plans for your Hotel’s construction or remodeling, you must 
prepare and deliver to us for our approval a plan for conducting and administering the F&B 
Operations at the Hotel (the “F&B Operations Plan”).  The F&B Operations Plan will contain the 
identity of any proposed restaurant operator or other operator of some or all F&B Operations at 
the Hotel (other than you or your approved management company) (each an “F&B Operator”) and 
the restaurant concept(s) that you plan to incorporate as part of or adjacent to the Hotel.  You must 
make the modifications to the F&B Operations Plan that we reasonably specify and ensure that the 
Hotel and its F&B Operations operate according to the approved F&B Operations Plan.  You may 
not make any material changes to the F&B Operations Plan (including any changes to the proposed 
restaurant concept(s) and/or F&B Operator(s)) without our prior written approval.  Before the 
Hotel begins operating under the Proprietary Marks, you must require each F&B Operator to sign 
the documents we reasonably specify to protect our (and our affiliates’) intellectual property and 
other rights.  At our option, you must submit to us for our prior approval any proposed lease or 
other agreement between you (or your affiliate or management company) and the F&B Operator 
under which the F&B Operator will conduct F&B Operations, in which case you may not sign (or 
permit your affiliate or management company to sign) any lease or other agreement that we have 
not approved. 
If you or your management company do not have in-house technology services support, 
you must contract with a third party technology consultant that meets our qualifications for 
“break/fix” support.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and web filtering 
tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, as applicable.  
You currently must use our designated third party provider of travel agent commission 
program services.  This provider calculates travel agent commissions, remits them to travel agents 
and collects them from participating hotels.  You also must use our designated provider of quality 
assurance and inspection services.  Except as described in this Item or in Item 5 or 6, there currently 
are no goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, 
real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Hotel that you must buy 
from us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers.  Except for The Living Company, 
