4 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
branded hotel chains that Hyatt Corporation’s affiliates own, manage or license, 
also participate in the World of Hyatt program.  Hyatt Corporation also will provide 
most of the Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees.  Hyatt Corporation (directly or through affiliates) has owned, operated, 
provided services to, and/or managed hotels since 1957 and currently owns, 
operates, provides services to, and manages (directly or through affiliates) hotels 
and lodging facilities under more than 25 lodging brands.  Hyatt Corporation has 
never offered franchises in any line of business.   
• 
Rosemont Project Management, L.L.C. (“Rosemont”) is a purchasing company that 
provides optional project management services and purchasing services for certain 
furniture, fixtures and equipment that Brand Hotels use.  Rosemont has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any line of business.   
Hyatt Corporation’s and Rosemont’s principal business addresses are the same as our address.  We 
call Hyatt Corporation, Rosemont, us, and any of our other affiliates who also are subsidiaries of 
Hyatt Hotels Corporation that currently, or may in the future, provide goods or services to you 
during the Franchise Agreement’s term, the “Hyatt Group.”
The following companies are our affiliates who currently offer franchises or licenses in the 
United States and around the world.  The branded hotels that some of these affiliates operate or 
franchise might use the same reservations systems and other systems and processes as Brand 
Hotels. 
• 
Hyatt House Franchising, L.L.C. (formerly known as Summerfield Hotel 
Company, L.L.C. and before that as Summerfield Hotel Company L.P.) (“Hyatt 
House”) has offered franchises for extended stay hotels operating in the United 
States since August 1999.  Hyatt House has never operated hotels or offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt House’s principal business address 
is the same as our address. 
• 
Hyatt House Canada, Inc. (formerly known as Hyatt Summerfield Suites Canada, 
Inc.) (“Hyatt House Canada”) has offered franchises for extended stay hotels 
operating in Canada since September 2007.  Hyatt House Canada has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt House 
Canada’s principal business address is the same as our address.   
• 
Hyatt Place Franchising, L.L.C. (“Hyatt Place”) has offered franchises for select 
service hotels operating in the United States under the Hyatt Place® name since 
September 2005.  Hyatt Place has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any 
other line of business.  Hyatt Place’s principal business address is the same as our 
address. 
• 
Hyatt Place Canada Corporation (“Hyatt Place Canada”) has offered franchises for 
select service hotels operating in Canada under the Hyatt Place® name since 
August 2006.  Hyatt Place Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises 
