61 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
We and you will agree on the number of Brand Hotels that you or your Controlled Affiliates 
must open, and the dates by which you and they must sign franchise agreements for and open them, 
to keep your territorial rights and insert this information in the Development Rights Agreement 
before signing it.  Franchises that we grant to your Controlled Affiliates will count toward your 
Development Schedule.  You and your Controlled Affiliates may not develop Brand Hotels outside 
the Development Area under the Development Rights Agreement. 
Subject to the one exception below, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate during the Development Rights Agreement’s term, nor authorize any other party to open 
and operate during that term, any other Brand Hotel the physical premises of which are located 
within the Development Area.  One exception to this restriction is that, during the Development 
Rights Agreement’s term, if we or any affiliate acquires ownership of or the right to operate, 
manage, franchise or license (regardless of the form of transaction) another group of at least 4 
hotels, one or more of which hotels are located or are under contract or construction to be located 
in the Development Area, then we and our affiliates will have the unrestricted right to convert, or 
cause to be converted, the acquired hotel(s) within the Development Area from its (or their) 
original trade identity to operate under the Proprietary Marks and the Hotel System.  We then may 
operate, or authorize any other party to operate, those hotel(s) as Brand Hotel(s), even if one or 
more of the other acquired hotels, whether operating within or outside the Development Area, are 
not converted to Brand Hotels.  Because we and others may establish and operate one or more 
Brand Hotels within the Development Area under this exception, you will not receive an exclusive 
territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets we own, or from other 
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
Except for the limited exclusivity described above, your rights under the Development 
Rights Agreement are nonexclusive in all respects, you have no territorial protection, and we and 
our affiliates have the right without restriction to engage in all activities we and they desire 
(including concerning all types of lodging facilities), at any time and place, whether or not using 
the Proprietary Marks or any aspect of the Hotel System, and whether or not those activities 
compete with your existing or planned Brand Hotels.  We and our affiliates may use or benefit 
from, among other things, common computer systems, administrative systems, reservation 
systems, purchasing systems and personnel, and may provide some or all System Services to other 
Hyatt Network Hotels and other hotels, lodging facilities and other businesses, even if they 
compete with your existing or planned Brand Hotels.  You will have no right to pursue any claims, 
demands, or damages as a result of these activities, whether under breach of contract, unfair 
competition, implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, divided loyalty, or other theories.   
To maintain your rights under the Development Rights Agreement, for each Brand Hotel, 
you must sign a franchise agreement for, and open and begin operating, that hotel on or before the 
deadlines listed in the Development Schedule.  If you fail to meet the Development Schedule, we 
may terminate the Development Rights Agreement.  In addition, to retain your rights under the 
Development Rights Agreement, each Brand Hotel it covers must operate continuously during the 
agreement’s term, otherwise we may terminate the Development Rights Agreement.  Your rights 
in the Development Area apply only during the Development Rights Agreement’s term.  Following 
that term, you will have no territorial rights or protection, whether within or outside the 
Development Area, and we and our affiliates may open and operate, and authorize any other parties 
