1 
Hyatt Studios Services Program Schedule to Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616978713.2 
HYATT STUDIOS SERVICES PROGRAM SCHEDULE  
TO CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT 
This Hyatt Studios Services Program Schedule (“Schedule”) is made effective as of [INSERT DATE] 
(“Schedule Effective Date”) subject to and part of the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement 
entered into by the parties listed in the signature block below.  All capitalized terms not defined herein 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement or the 
Franchise Agreement, as applicable.   
The Services under this Schedule shall be effective commencing on such date as Hyatt may designate in 
writing to Owner (email shall suffice) and, if no date is specifically designated by Hyatt in writing, then 
commencing ninety (90) days prior to the Property’s anticipated Opening Date (“Service Effective Date”) 
and continuing until terminated in accordance with this section.  From the Service Effective Date until this 
Schedule is terminated or until this Schedule is replaced with an Updated Services Schedule that sets forth 
new Services or Fees, each party shall fulfill its obligations hereunder. Owner acknowledges that Hyatt 
may update the Services and related prices at any time by providing the Property an Updated Services
Schedule at least ninety (90) days in advance, which may be provided electronically via email or by posting 
to any intranet for Hyatt branded or affiliated hotels. Owner agrees to be responsible for any subsequently 
updated Fees as listed on an Updated Services Schedule. 
This Schedule may be terminated as follows: 
a.
Either party may terminate this Schedule for any reason or no reason by notifying the 
other party in writing at least days ninety (90) days in advance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 
the event of termination by Owner pursuant to this subsection a. the effective date of such 
termination shall be no earlier than twenty-one (21) months following the Property’s Opening 
Date;  
b.
This Schedule shall automatically terminate if (i) the Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated and Owner does not enter into a franchise agreement, hotel management agreement or 
hotel services agreement with Hyatt or its affiliate such that the Property continues to operate 
under a Hyatt brand or affiliation immediately following termination, or (ii) the Central Hotel 
Services by Hyatt Master Agreement expires or is terminated; and/or 
c.
If either party commits a material breach of any provision of this Schedule and has failed 
to cure such breach within ten (10) days of receiving written notice, the other party may terminate 
this Schedule immediately upon written notice.   
Upon termination of this Schedule, Owner shall remit to Hyatt payment for Services rendered through the 
effective date of termination. 
[Signature Page to Follow] 
