34 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Mandatory Services and Non Mandatory Services comprise the System Services.  If you 
are in full compliance with your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, we or one or more 
members of the Hyatt Group will provide you those System Services that we periodically specify.  
You must participate in all Mandatory Services and related programs, and may (at your option) 
participate in any or all Non-Mandatory Services and related programs, in the manner that we 
periodically specify.  You must acquire all Mandatory Services (as we periodically modify them) 
only from a member of the Hyatt Group.  We may periodically add to, delete from, and otherwise 
modify these System Services, and the scope of and manner of providing System Services, upon 
notice to you.  Also, due to the differences in products, services, markets and hospitality 
experiences among Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, we may, where we deem 
appropriate in our judgment:  (a) classify certain System Services as Mandatory Services for the 
Hotel which we classify as Non-Mandatory Services or do not offer to other Brand Hotels and/or 
other Hyatt Network Hotels; (b) not provide to the Hotel certain System Services that we provide 
to other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels; and (c) limit the scope of those System 
Services provided to franchised Brand Hotels, such as by limiting the access that franchised Brand 
Hotels have to certain customer and other proprietary information for Hyatt Network Hotels other 
than the Hotel.  We describe the current System Services and the current charges for those System 
Services in Item 6. 
Avendra, LLC (“Avendra”) is a products and services sourcing company that offers volume 
contracts to its customer hotels on a variety of FF&E and other items used in hotel operations, 
including food and beverage equipment and supplies (such as branded and commodity programs), 
operating equipment and supplies (such as linens, pillows, terry, and light bulbs), and other 
products and services (such as printing and stationery, logoed items, chemicals, and pest 
elimination), at competitive prices that Avendra negotiates.  You determine whether, and the extent 
to which, your Hotel will use Avendra’s services.  However, if you choose not to use Avendra, 
you might find it impracticable to purchase certain products for the Hotel (such as bathroom 
amenities made specifically for Hyatt Network Hotels) elsewhere.  
You must acquire certain central services, including revenue management, field marketing, 
and sales lead qualify services, from our affiliate, Hyatt Corporation.  You also may, but are not 
required to, use Rosemont’s purchasing and project management services and acquire our pre-
opening advisory assistance for your Hotel.  If you are constructing a new Brand Hotel, you may 
decide to engage us (or our affiliate) to provide technical services and assistance relating to the 
Hotel’s development.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group, Avendra and Rosemont 
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for some required Hotel 
items.  When we do so, we seek to promote the overall interests of the network of Brand Hotels 
and other Hyatt Network Hotels and our interests as the franchisor.  We do not provide material 
benefits (like renewal or granting additional franchises) to individual franchisees for purchasing 
particular products or services or for using particular suppliers. 
You must participate in, connect with, and use the authorized CRS, GDS and ADS as we 
periodically designate for offering, booking, modifying, and communicating guest room 
reservations for the Hotel and bear all related costs and expenses.  You may only use the GDS and 
ADS that we periodically authorize.  You must honor and give first priority on available rooms to 
all confirmed reservations that the CRS, GDS or ADS refer to the Hotel.  The CRS and approved 
