46 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
(8)
Continue to provide certain central services for the Hotel, including revenue 
management, field marketing, and sales lead qualify services.  (Central Services 
Agreement and Hyatt Studios Services Schedule) 
Advertising and Marketing 
Except for the System Services, which we describe in Item 6, there are no advertising funds 
or local or regional advertising cooperatives to which franchisees or other Brand Hotel operators 
contribute.  However, promoting Brand Hotels as a single chain in the United States is an important 
part of the Hotel System, so you must participate in and use, in the manner we specify, all 
advertising, marketing and promotional activities, materials and programs that we periodically 
require for similarly-situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations).  (Section 5.2 of 
Franchise Agreement)  The Hyatt Group prepares advertising, marketing and promotional 
programs as part of System Services.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement)  These programs may 
cover any media (including print, radio, television and electronic) and their scope may be local, 
regional, national or international or focus on a subset of hotels (like resort hotels or convention 
hotels).  The Hyatt Group’s corporate personnel and advertising agencies develop these programs.  
We will not use funds that franchisees pay for System Services principally to solicit new franchise 
sales.  We will not prepare any periodic accounting of how we and our affiliates spend these funds.  
The Hyatt Group need not spend any amount on advertising, marketing or promotional programs 
in the area where the Hotel is located.  There currently are no franchisee advertising councils that 
advise us on advertising and marketing policies.  However, we may form, change, and dissolve 
these councils. 
We may identify a region in which 2 or more Brand Hotels are located (including, if 
applicable, those that we or our affiliates own or operate) to establish a local or regional advertising 
cooperative (a “Cooperative”).  We may form, change, dissolve and merge Cooperatives.  The 
Cooperative’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to plan, discuss, organize, 
develop, utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs and materials on a collective basis (and to cover related expenses) for participating Brand 
Hotels.  We will not require you to participate in a Cooperative.  However, if you choose to 
participate in the Cooperative, you must do so according to the Cooperative’s rules, including by 
paying your Hotel’s allocable share for any advertising, marketing, promotional and other 
programs that the Cooperative conducts.  The Cooperative will be in charge of its own 
administration and determines contributions.  Cooperative members will typically contribute to 
programs at the same rate.  We anticipate that Cooperatives will operate from written governing 
documents and prepare financial statements that member franchisees may review.  All restrictions 
relating to any advertising, marketing or promotional materials and programs that you use or 
conduct also apply to any materials and programs that the Cooperative will use or conduct.  
(Section 5.5 of Franchise Agreement) 
You must ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, all public 
relations plans and programs, and all uses of the Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified 
manner and comply with the System Standards, including the use of our standard templates where 
applicable, and which may, at our option, require our prior approval of materials that we have not 
previously approved.  You must discontinue using any materials (including previously-approved 
