40 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
16.2
Pay Amounts Owed.  Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, within five (5) 
days after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee must pay all amounts owed 
to Hyatt and its Affiliates under this Agreement or any other agreement. 
16.3
Contacting Customers.  Upon this Agreement’s termination or expiration for any 
reason, Hyatt has the right to contact those individuals or entities who have reserved rooms with 
Franchisee through the CRS, and any other Hotel customers, and inform them that Franchisee’s 
lodging facility no longer is part of the Brand Hotel network.  Hyatt also has the right to inform 
those individuals, entities and customers of other Brand Hotels and Hyatt Network Hotels that are 
proximately located to Franchisee’s lodging facility in case they prefer to change their reservations 
so that they can stay at a Hyatt Network Hotel.  Hyatt’s exercise of these rights will not constitute 
an interference with Franchisee’s contractual or business relationships.  Franchisee acknowledges 
that the individuals and entities that made reservations with Franchisee’s lodging facility when it 
was a Brand Hotel under this Agreement constitute Hyatt’s customers. 
16.4
Survival.  The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive termination or 
expiration of this Agreement regardless of the circumstances:  Sections 6.5, 6.7, 7.4, 8.1, 8.3, 8.4, 
11.1, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7 and 15.4 and ARTICLE IX, ARTICLE XIV, ARTICLE XVI, ARTICLE 
XVII and ARTICLE XVIII.  Additionally, all of Hyatt’s and Franchisee’s obligations that by their 
terms or by implication are to be performed after the termination or expiration of the Term shall 
survive such termination or expiration. 
16.5
Liquidated Damages.  Franchisee acknowledges and confirms that Hyatt will 
suffer substantial damages as a result of the termination of this Agreement before the Term expires, 
including Brand Damages.  Hyatt and Franchisee acknowledge that Brand Damages are difficult 
to estimate accurately and proof of Brand Damages would be burdensome and costly, although 
such damages are real and meaningful to Hyatt.  Therefore, upon termination of this Agreement 
before the Term expires for any reason (subject to ARTICLE X), Franchisee agrees to pay Hyatt, 
within fifteen (15) days after the date of such termination, liquidated damages in a lump sum equal 
to the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Agreement is terminated because of a Consequential 
Termination, then the liquidated damages are one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the amount 
calculated in the preceding paragraph. 
Franchisee agrees that the liquidated damages calculated under this Section 16.5 represent 
the best estimate of Hyatt’s Brand Damages arising from any termination of this Agreement before 
the Term expires.  Franchisee’s payment of the liquidated damages to Hyatt will not be considered 
a penalty but, rather, a reasonable estimate of fair compensation to Hyatt for the Brand Damages 
Hyatt will incur because this Agreement did not continue for the Term’s full length.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that Franchisee’s payment of liquidated damages is full compensation to Hyatt only 
for the Brand Damages resulting from the early termination of this Agreement and is in addition 
to, and not in lieu of, Franchisee’s obligations to pay other amounts due to Hyatt under this 
Agreement as of the date of termination and to comply strictly with the de-identification 
procedures of Section 16.1 and Franchisee’s other post-termination obligations.  If any valid law 
or regulation governing this Agreement limits Franchisee’s obligation to pay, and/or Hyatt’s right 
to receive, the liquidated damages for which Franchisee is obligated under this Section 16.5, then 
