2 
[HYATT STUDIOS] 
Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616978713.2 
c.
If either party commits a material breach of any provision of this Agreement and has failed 
to cure such breach within ten (10) days of receiving written notice, the other party may 
terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice.   
Upon termination of this Agreement, Owner shall remit to Hyatt payment for Services rendered 
through the effective date of termination pursuant to any applicable Schedule.  
2.
Services.    
During the Agreement Term, and in exchange for payment of the Fees described in this Agreement, 
Hyatt (or any authorized designee) shall provide the Property with certain “Services”, as more specifically 
outlined in the Hyatt Studios Services Schedule, or schedule for any similar program offered by Hyatt in 
the future attached hereto (each individually, a “Schedule”, and collectively the “Schedules”), and any and 
all Services provided by Hyatt under this Agreement shall be set forth in such a written Schedule attached 
to this Agreement.  Hyatt may update the Services and related prices attached to any Schedule at any time 
by providing the Property an updated applicable attachment to such Schedule (“Updated Services 
Schedule”), which may be provided electronically via email or by posting to any intranet for Hyatt branded 
or affiliated hotels. For the avoidance of doubt, an Updated Services Schedule shall have no effect on any 
Services or Schedules provided under this Agreement other than the Services referenced in the Updated 
Services Schedule. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Owner understands and acknowledges that the Fees and 
Services are typically updated annually, and the initial Schedules attached hereto may not reflect Hyatt’s 
then-current pricing or exact service benefits on the Service Effective Date. Owner agrees to be responsible 
for the Fees set forth on Hyatt’s then-current applicable Schedules as of the Service Effective Date, and any 
subsequently updated Fees as listed on an Updated Services Schedule. Notwithstanding Hyatt’s provision 
of the Services, Owner is solely responsible for all decisions relating to the field marketing, sales, revenue 
management, merchandising and other aspects of the day-to-day control of the Property’s operations.  Hyatt 
reserves the right to suspend Services under any applicable Schedule if Owner has failed to timely pay or 
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any applicable Schedule for so long as Owner’s 
failure to pay or perform continues. 
3.
Personnel.    
Services may be rendered by an employee or subcontractor of Hyatt or its affiliate who (a) is not 
solely dedicated to the Property and may perform similar services for other Owners; (b) may perform 
Services at the Property or off-site; and (c) will conform to the reasonable rules and regulations of the 
Property when on Property premises. 
4.
Fees.    
In consideration of the Services, Owner agrees to pay Hyatt the fees at the rates set forth in the 
applicable Schedule(s) attached to this Agreement, or the then-current Updated Services Schedule, as 
applicable (“Fees”). Hyatt hereby discloses that fees set forth in any Schedule or an Updated Services 
Schedule may include a profit component, not to exceed a competitive amount.    All amounts invoiced by 
Hyatt or its affiliates pursuant to this Agreement shall be payable on a “net” basis. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if under applicable laws, Owner is required to withhold or Hyatt is required to 
pay any taxes and/or levies assessed by any third party on Hyatt or any of its affiliates as a recipient, 
including, but not limited to, sales taxes and withholding tax, and also any similar taxes that can replace or 
append the existing taxes, the amount payable to Hyatt and/or its affiliates by Owner shall be increased in 
