7  
Hyatt Studios 2025 DRA  
1616978723.2
15.
Incorporation of Other Terms.  Sections 8.3 and 8.5 of the Existing Agreement, 
entitled Franchisee’s Indemnification and Defense of Hyatt and Survival and Mitigation, 
respectively, and Articles XIV, XVII and XVIII of the Existing Agreement, entitled DISPUTE 
RESOLUTION, NOTICES and GENERAL, respectively, including (without limitation) the 
provisions relating to arbitration of disputes and the force majeure provision of Section 18.3 of the 
Existing Agreement, are incorporated by reference in this Agreement and will govern all aspects 
of Hyatt’s and Developer’s relationship and the construction of this Agreement as if fully restated 
within the text of this Agreement.  Developer agrees to comply with the provisions of Sections 8.3 
and 8.5 and Articles XIV, XVII and XVIII of the Existing Agreement applicable to Franchisee.  
This Agreement, together with the Existing Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements and 
understandings, whether oral and written, between the parties relating to its subject matter, and 
there are no oral or other written understandings, representations, or agreements between the 
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing 
in this Agreement shall disclaim or require Developer to waive reliance on any representation that 
Hyatt made in the most recent disclosure document (including its exhibits and amendments) that 
Hyatt delivered to Developer or its representative.  This Agreement may be signed by written or 
electronic signature and in multiple counterparts, but all such counterparts together shall be 
considered one and the same instrument.  The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or 
modified only by written agreement signed by the party to be bound.  
16.
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States.  The following provision 
applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to state franchise registration/disclosure 
laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North 
Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin: 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by 
Hyatt, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of Hyatt.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with 
the franchise.  
