22 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
8.5
Survival and Mitigation.  The obligations under Sections 8.3 and 8.4 will continue 
in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or 
termination.  A Hyatt Indemnified Party or Franchisee Indemnified Party need not seek recovery 
from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its Losses, in order to maintain and 
recover fully a claim under Section 8.3 or 8.4 (as applicable).  The obligation to indemnify under 
Section 8.3 or 8.4 (as applicable) shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance that 
any indemnified party maintains. 
ARTICLE IX 
INSURANCE 
At Franchisee’s expense, Franchisee must procure and at all times during the Term 
maintain such insurance covering the risks, in the amounts, and with the deductibles, retentions 
and other provisions, as set forth in the System Standards from time to time.  All insurance must 
by endorsement specifically name Hyatt and its Affiliates (and Hyatt’s and their employees and 
agents) as additional insureds.  Franchisee must purchase each policy from an insurance company 
reasonably acceptable to Hyatt.  Either the insurer or Franchisee must provide at least thirty (30) 
days’ prior written notice to Hyatt of any insurance policy’s cancellation, non-renewal or material 
change.  Franchisee must deliver to Hyatt a certificate of insurance (or certified copy of such 
insurance policy if Hyatt requests) evidencing the required coverages and setting forth the amount 
of any deductibles not less than ten (10) days after their respective inception dates.  Franchisee 
must ensure that each F&B Operator (if any) and Spa Operator (if any) maintains the insurance 
and otherwise complies with all applicable obligations under this ARTICLE IX that Hyatt 
periodically specifies, including by naming Hyatt and any Affiliates that Hyatt periodically 
designates (and Hyatt’s and their employees and agents) as additional insureds and delivering 
certificates of insurance to Hyatt.  If Franchisee fails for any reason to procure or maintain the 
insurance required by this Agreement, Hyatt shall have the right and authority (although without 
any obligation to do so) to immediately procure such insurance and to charge Franchisee the cost 
together with a reasonable fee for Hyatt’s expenses.  Hyatt shall have the right to review 
Franchisee’s insurance coverage for the foregoing requirements from time to time during the Term 
and to update requirements for insurance coverage in response to material changes in the 
circumstances of the Hotel, then-current industry practices, and changes in economic conditions.  
Franchisee shall promptly comply with Hyatt’s updated requirements.  
ARTICLE X 
CONDEMNATION AND DAMAGE 
10.1
Condemnation.  Franchisee must immediately notify Hyatt of any proposed taking 
all or a substantial portion of the Hotel by eminent domain, condemnation or expropriation.  If the 
parties do not otherwise agree to relocate the Hotel, then either party may terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to the other.  If Franchisee and its Owners sign a Termination 
Agreement, then Franchisee shall not be required to pay liquidated damages pursuant to 
Section 16.5 at the time of termination.  However, such Termination Agreement shall provide that 
if Franchisee or any of its Affiliates begins construction on or operation of a hotel of the same 
Hotel Type at any location within the Area of Protection at any time during the twenty-four (24) 
