2  
Hyatt Studios 2025 DRA  
1616978723.2
converted, the acquired hotel(s) within the Development Area from its (or their) original 
trade identity to operate under the Proprietary Marks and the Hotel System, and thereafter 
to operate or authorize any other party to operate such hotel(s) as Hyatt Studios Hotels, 
even if one (1) or more of the other acquired hotels, whether operating within or outside 
the Development Area, are not converted to Hyatt Studios Hotels.   
(b)
Except for the limited exclusivity provided in Section 3(a), Developer’s 
rights under this Agreement are nonexclusive in all respects, Developer has no territorial 
protection whatsoever, and Hyatt and its Affiliates have the right without restriction to 
engage in any and all activities Hyatt and they desire (including with respect to any and all 
types of lodging facilities), at any time and place, whether or not using the Proprietary 
Marks or any aspect of the Hotel System, and whether or not those activities compete with 
the existing or planned Developer Hotels.  Without limiting the foregoing, Developer 
acknowledges that Hyatt and its Affiliates currently operate other franchised and non-
franchised systems for lodging facilities and other accommodations and hospitality 
affiliations that use different brand names, trademarks, and service marks, including those 
with the “Hyatt” name as part of their brand name, some of which might operate and have 
facilities in the Development Area during the Development Term, that will compete 
directly with existing or planned Developer Hotels.  Hyatt and its Affiliates may use or 
benefit from, among other things, common computer systems, administrative systems, 
reservation systems, purchasing systems and personnel, and may provide some or all 
System Services to other Hyatt Network Hotels and other hotels, lodging facilities and 
other businesses, even if they compete with the existing or planned Developer Hotels.  
Developer  will have no right to pursue any claims, demands, or damages as a result of 
these activities, whether under breach of contract, unfair competition, implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing, divided loyalty, or other theories. 
(c)
Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Hyatt (and its Affiliates) 
may operate, and authorize any other parties to operate, Hyatt Studios Hotels the physical 
premises of which are located within the Development Area and engage, and allow others 
to engage, in any other activities Hyatt desires within and outside the Development Area 
without any restrictions whatsoever, subject only to Developer’s (or its Controlled 
Affiliate’s) rights under then existing franchise agreements with Hyatt.   
4.
Development Fee.  Simultaneously with signing this Agreement, Developer must 
pay Hyatt a “Development Fee” of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000).  The 
Development Fee is fully earned by Hyatt when Hyatt and Developer sign this Agreement and is 
non-refundable, even if Developer does not comply with the Development Schedule.  However, 
Hyatt will apply the Development Fee towards the first two (2) Application Fees (defined below) 
that Developer owes pursuant to this Agreement pursuant to Section 6. 
5.
Development Obligations.  To maintain its rights under this Agreement, 
Developer (and/or approved Controlled Affiliates) must, for each Developer Hotel, both (a) sign a 
Franchise Agreement on or before the applicable date set forth on the Development Schedule (the 
“FA Signing Deadline), and (b) open and begin operating the Developer Hotel in accordance with 
the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the applicable date set forth on the Development 
