5 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
in any other line of business.  Hyatt Place Canada’s principal business address is 
the same as our address. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising Canada Corp. (“Hyatt Franchising Canada”) has offered 
franchises for full service hotels operating in Canada since November 2007.  Hyatt 
Franchising Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business.  Hyatt Franchising Canada’s principal business address is the same 
as our address. 
• 
Hyatt International (Europe Africa Middle East) LLC (“Hyatt International 
EAME”) has offered franchises for full service hotels, select service hotels and/or 
extended stay hotels operating in the European Union since June 2014.  Hyatt 
International EAME has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business but provides services to certain hotels in the European Union.  Hyatt 
International EAME’s principal business address is The Circle 09, 8058 Zurich-
Airport, Switzerland. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C. (“Hyatt Franchising Latin America”) has 
offered franchises for select service hotels, extended stay hotels, full service hotels 
and/or all-inclusive resorts operating in the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, 
and South America since February 2013.  Hyatt Franchising Latin America has 
never operated hotels or all-inclusive resorts or offered franchises in any other line 
of business.  Hyatt Franchising Latin America’s principal business address is the 
same as our address. 
• 
Hyatt do Brasil Participações Ltda. (“Hyatt Brazil”) has offered franchises for full 
service hotels in Brazil since December 2024.  Hyatt Brazil has managed hotels in 
Brazil since February 2000.  Hyatt Brazil has never otherwise operated hotels or 
offered franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt Brazil’s principal business 
address is Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, 15º andar, Rochavera – Torre 
Marfin, São Paulo – SP, Brazil, CEP 04794-010. 
• 
Hyatt International – Asia Pacific, Limited (“Hyatt International Asia Pacific”) has 
offered franchises for full service hotels and select service hotels in Asia since July 
2016.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific has never operated hotels or offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific’s principal 
business address is Suite 1302-07, 13/F, The Gateway, Tower 1, 25 Canton Road, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong. 
Industry-Specific Regulations 
You must comply with a number of federal, state and local laws that apply generally to 
establishing and operating hotel businesses.  The laws involve, among other things, zoning and 
construction, public accommodations, accessibility by persons with disabilities, health and safety, 
and labor.  Many laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  You must learn about and comply 
with all applicable laws.  Examples of these laws include: 
