Time deposits are recorded at par value, which approximates fair value, and are therefore classified as Level Two. The 
remaining securities, other than our investments in preferred shares, are classified as Level Two due to the use and 
weighting of multiple market inputs being considered in the final price of the security. Our preferred equity 
investments and a convertible debt security are classified as Level Three as discussed in Note 4.
Interest income on preferred equity investments that earn a return is recognized in other income (loss), net.
For additional information about debt and equity securities, including where we record these securities on our 
consolidated balance sheets, see Note 4.
Accounts Receivables—Our accounts receivables primarily consist of trade receivables due from the following: hotel 
owners with whom we have management and hotel services agreements and franchise agreements for services rendered and for 
reimbursed costs; guests at our owned and leased properties for services rendered; third-party financial institutions for credit 
and debit card transactions; customers through ALG Vacations and Mr & Mrs Smith for using our distribution services; and a 
third-party partner for our co-branded credit card programs. We assess all accounts receivables for credit losses quarterly and 
establish an allowance to reflect the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is based on an 
assessment of historical collection activity, geographic considerations, and/or the current business environment and is 
recognized in general and administrative expenses, owned and leased expenses, or distribution expenses on our consolidated 
statements of income, based on the nature of the receivable. For additional information about accounts receivables, see Note 6.
Financing Receivables—Financing receivables represent contractual rights to receive money either on demand or on 
fixed or determinable dates and are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at amortized cost, net of expected credit losses 
and unamortized discounts calculated using an imputed interest rate. We recognize interest as earned and include accrued 
interest in the amortized cost basis of the asset.
We may offer seller financing as part of our dispositions. Seller financing is generally accounted for as a significant 
financing component and recorded as a financing receivable on our consolidated balance sheets. We estimate the fair value of 
the financing receivable upon sale using discounted future cash flow models. The valuation methodology includes assumptions 
and judgments regarding discount rates and expected timing of payments, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
Our financing receivables represent one portfolio segment based on the level at which we develop and document a 
systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. Based on initial measurement attributes, risk 
characteristics, and our method for monitoring and assessing credit risk, we have identified the following classes of financing 
receivables within our portfolio segment:
•
Secured financing to hotel owners—These financing receivables are junior and senior secured mortgage loans and are 
collateralized by underlying hotel properties.
•
Unsecured financing to hotel owners or unconsolidated hospitality ventures—These financing receivables are 
primarily made up of individual loans and other types of unsecured financing arrangements provided to hotel owners 
or unconsolidated hospitality ventures. These financing receivables are generally subordinate to senior financing and 
have stated maturities and interest rates, but the repayment terms vary and may be dependent on future cash flows of 
the hotel or unconsolidated hospitality venture.
We individually assess all financing receivables for credit losses quarterly and establish an allowance to reflect the net 
amount expected to be collected. We estimate credit losses based on an analysis of several factors, including current economic 
conditions, industry trends, and/or specific risk characteristics of the financing receivable, including capital structure, loan 
performance, market factors, and/or the underlying hotel performance. Adjustments to credit losses are recognized in other 
income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income.
We evaluate accrued interest allowances separately from the financing receivable assets. On an ongoing basis, we monitor 
the credit quality of our financing receivables based on historical and expected future payment activity. We determine if 
financing to hotel owners and unconsolidated hospitality ventures is nonperforming based on facts and circumstances of the 
individual financing receivables, including, but not limited to, if interest or principal is greater than 90 days past due based on 
the contractual terms of the individual financing receivables or if an allowance has been established for our other financing 
arrangements with that borrower. If we consider a financing receivable to be nonperforming, we place the financing receivable 
on nonaccrual status.
For financing receivables on nonaccrual status, we recognize interest income in other income (loss), net on our 
consolidated statements of income when cash is received. Accrual of interest income is resumed and potential reversal of any 
