12 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
Alternative Design Services Review 
If you request review of alternative plans, design, or products other than those prescribed 
by our prototype plans, you must pay us an alternative design review fee (the “Alternative Design 
Review Fee”).  The amount of the Alternative Design Review Fee will vary depending on the size 
and location of the project and the scope of our review, but we expect the Alternative Design 
Review Fee to range from $5,000 to $30,000.   
Hyatt Studios Services 
You must participate in the Hyatt Studios Services Program under a separate Hyatt Studios 
Services Schedule (the “Hyatt Studios Services Schedule”) to the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt 
Master Agreement attached as Exhibit H (the “Central Services Agreement”) for at least 2 years 
beginning 90 days before the Hotel’s opening date.  You must pay the then-standard rates for the 
program outlined in the Hyatt Studios Services Schedule.  The services will consist of revenue 
management, field marketing and sales lead qualifying services for a Brand Hotel.  We will provide 
specialized central services on a daily, weekly, monthly and annual basis to assist you in a variety 
of essential hotel functions, which are further described in the Hyatt Studios Services Schedule.  
The current, non-refundable monthly subscription fee due under the Hyatt Studios Services 
Schedule is dependent upon the service tier level then in effect: $1,900 per month for the “Basic” 
Tier Level and $2,950 per month for the “High” Tier Level.  You must pay these amounts within 
30 days after you receive each invoice for services rendered and expenses incurred during the 
previous month.  We may periodically increase these fees at any time upon 30 days’ written notice 
to you.  We estimate that you will pay $5,700 to $8,850 for pre-opening Hyatt Studios services.  
Development Rights Agreement 
If you sign a Development Rights Agreement, you must pay us a $100,000 “Development 
Fee” in a lump sum when you sign the Development Rights Agreement.  We will not refund the 
Development Fee under any circumstances, but we will apply $50,000 of the Development Fee 
towards the application fees for each of the first 2 Franchise Applications that you submit under 
the Development Rights Agreement.  If you withdraw either of these Franchise Applications 
before we approve it, or if we do not approve either of these Franchise Applications for any reason, 
then we will apply the remainder of that portion of the Development Fee (after deducting the 
$7,500 fee described above) towards the next application fee that you owe.   
Refundability and Range of Initial Fees 
Except as we describe above concerning the application fee and Extension Fee, none of 
these payments are refundable under any circumstances.  In addition, other than the application 
fee, Extension Fee, Comfort Letter Fee and Development Fee, all of the ranges of initial fees 
described in this Item 5 reflect the current fees for services rendered and depending on when the 
Hotel is developed may be higher in subsequent years.  During our 2024 fiscal year, Brand Hotel 
franchisees signing our franchise agreement paid, or made commitments to pay, total initial fees 
as described in this Item 5 to us and/or our affiliates ranging from $17,850 to $107,600. 
