33 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
2. 
Additional funds – 3 months.  This item estimates the costs needed to begin looking 
for sites in the Development Area and for business plan preparation and related expenses during 
the initial 3-month period after signing the Development Rights Agreement.  There is no additional 
initial investment for training, real property, equipment, fixtures, other fixed assets, construction, 
remodeling, leasehold improvements, decorating costs, inventory, security deposits, utility 
deposits, business licenses or other prepaid expenses required under the Development Rights 
Agreement.  You will incur costs for these and other expenses associated with developing and 
operating a Brand Hotel under the Franchise Agreement.  
3. 
Total estimated initial investment.  We relied on our affiliates’ experience in 
developing and operating hotels since 1957 to compile the estimate for additional funds and other 
figures.  You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before deciding to 
acquire the development rights.  Except as described in Item 10, we do not offer financing directly 
or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  No amounts in the chart are refundable. 
Item 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Franchise Agreement 
You must operate the Hotel according to our System Standards, which may regulate, 
among other things, the types, models, and brands of products and services your Hotel uses; 
required and authorized products and services that the Hotel must offer to customers and quality 
standards for those products and services (including F&B Operations, as defined below); and 
designated and approved suppliers of these products and services, which may include or be limited 
to us and/or our affiliates that we may designate.  “F&B Operations” means all food and beverage 
operations for Hotel guests and patrons consisting of the following (in each case, to the extent 
applicable):  (a) restaurant, dining, bar, lounge, and retail food and beverage services; (b) banquet, 
meeting, event, catering (including outside catering), and room services; (c) a multi-functional 
service area that serves coffee and breakfast, lunch and dinner menu items, and alcoholic 
beverages; (d) grab-and-go food and beverage items available for purchase in a Hotel market; (e) a 
communal area serving as a combination restaurant, bar, coffee shop and workplace; (f) a 
standalone restaurant and/or rooftop bar; and (g) all other food, beverage and related services at 
the Hotel.   
We will advise you on the System Standards you must meet, the aesthetics the Hotel must 
reflect, and the systems to be installed at the Hotel, so you can open and operate the Hotel as a 
Brand Hotel.  We and Hyatt Corporation are the only approved suppliers for these services if you 
are constructing a new Hotel.  We also provide IT Project Management Services and other 
technology-related services.   
You must use the Opera PMS at the Hotel.  We will provide services necessary to install 
access to the PMS at the Hotel under the Franchise Agreement.  You must also sign an agreement 
with our designated supplier to provide connectivity services and training for the PMS.   
