48 
Hyatt Studios 2025-2026 FDD 
1615808098.3
room entertainment, sound and related systems; and perform a variety of other management and 
reporting functions.  To meet our current brand standards, you must install the following systems:  
Property Management, Market Place Solution, Revenue Management, Events and Lead 
Generation System (Envision), Key Lock, PBX/Phones, In-Room Entertainment, High Speed 
Internet Service, Hotel Music Services, and Digital Surveillance.  The Technology System will 
generate and record revenue, payment, labor and other operational data relating to the Hotel and 
its operations.  We will provide project management implementation and related services for the 
Technology System.  Based on our current requirements for a Brand Hotel, we estimate that it will 
cost approximately $350,000 to $450,000 for you to acquire and install the Technology System at 
the Hotel.  
You currently must acquire the PMS subscription for software updates, licenses and 
support fees directly from us or another member of the Hyatt Group.  Our designated PMS vendor 
currently charges $3.90 per room per month as a subscription service, and we will invoice your 
Hotel as a pass-through without any additional charge.  This subscription fee may be subject to 
increase by our vendor, and we may pass on any adjustment to you with notice.  We will approve 
upgrades and updates to the software from our PMS vendor at our discretion.  You must also 
acquire the Market Place Solution and certain other components of the Technology System only 
from our designated vendors, which provide 24/7 support, maintenance, and warranty coverage.  
This will include maintenance from our designated PBX/phones vendor, our designated key lock 
vendor, our High Speed Internet Access provider, our In-Room Entertainment vendor, and our 
designated sound system vendor.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group will provide other 
maintenance, support, upgrades and updates for parts of the Technology System and certain other 
technology services as part of the Mandatory Services for the Hotel, all of which are included in 
the Commercial Services Fee.  No other party has an obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, 
repairs, upgrades or updates to the Technology System.  The cost of other optional maintenance, 
updating, upgrading and support contracts varies widely depending on the market and the level of 
support you need.  You must use our managed support services for technology support, which we 
provide at no additional charge.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and 
web filtering tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, if applicable.  
We may periodically require changes, upgrades, or updates to the Technology System.  No 
contract limits the frequency or cost of changes, upgrades or updates.  We or our affiliates may 
charge you reasonable fees for software or other technology that we license to the Hotel and for 
other Technology System maintenance and support services that we or they periodically provide 
to the Hotel, such as revenue management software, PMS enhancements, Hyatt’s Collaboration 
Network including HyattConnect, SharePoint Knowledge Network, E-Mail, User Identity Access 
Management, Learning Management Systems and Wide Area Network and Remote Access 
support.  We will have independent, unlimited access to the information that the Technology 
System generates and tracks.  (Sections 4.3, 4.4 and 7.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Hotel Opening 
If you are developing a new Brand Hotel, including by adapting an existing building to a 
new use as a hotel, we estimate that you will open the Hotel approximately 20 to 36 months after 
paying the application fee.  If you are converting an existing hotel from another brand to a Brand 
