 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
number of rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate 
and complete the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third 
party vendors that help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted 
for certain cancellations or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to 
change. 
8. 
The term “Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been 
operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise 
Agreement for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) 
divided by 24; and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of 
all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening 
Date and the termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.  
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees 
per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 
full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s 
Average Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the 
Hotel. For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 
full calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in 
determining the System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
In calculating this average, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, 
ramps, or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest 
Rooms were removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 
days. In the case of Business Interruptions, the Measurement Period will be adjusted earlier in 
time to account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred.   
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
CANOPY (200 ROOMS) 
 
Type of expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
payment 
When due 
To whom 
payment is 
to be made
Franchise Application Fee 
(Note 1) 
$85,000 
Lump Sum 
With  
Application 
Us 
Property Improvement Plan 
(Note 2) 
$0 to $10,000 
Lump Sum 
Before we 
prepare PIP 
Us 
Market Study 
(Note 3) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
Environmental Assessment  
(Note 4) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
Real Property 
(Note 5) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As agreed 
Supplier 
