 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select. Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training. 
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
12. 
Canopy Brand Learning Programs. This training is mandatory for all Hotel staff. It is 
conducted by the persons you designate to provide training periodically at your Hotel. The Canopy 
learning programs include courses and topics such as: New Employee Orientation, Positively 
Yours Training (to be completed within 14 days of their start date), Service Skills Training (to be 
completed within 60 days of their start date) and Job Skills Certification (to be completed within 
45 days of their start date). The length of the training will vary depending on the role or function. 
The Pre-Opening Kit includes startup materials that are sent to the Hotel at approval, at start of 
construction, and before initial operations consultation. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
these training programs. 
13. 
Problem Avoidance/Satisfaction Guarantee Training. All Hotel staff must complete this 
training program within 30 to 60 days of their start date, depending on their role or function. It 
includes topics such as problem resolution, empowering team members, meeting guests’ 
unanticipated needs, recognizing loyal guests, and problem avoidance. Currently there is no 
separate fee for this training. 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time. 
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis. 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, CD-ROMs, DVDs, online programs, other media, and handbooks. We may 
modify these materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional training courses and may develop additional 
training programs at any time. You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business we will: 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel. 
Additionally, we will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, 
in advertising of System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing 
