 
EXHIBIT _ 
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. 
Sections 3 and 13 are amended to provide that if any of the provisions in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document or Franchise Agreement are inconsistent with the relationship provisions of RCW 
19.100.180 or other requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (the 
“Act”) (including areas of termination and renewal of your franchise), the provisions of the Act will 
prevail over the inconsistent provisions of the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement with regard to any franchise sold in Washington. 
 
2. 
Section 12 is amended to provide that transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect 
Franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.  
 
3. 
Subsection 16.2.1 is amended to provide that in the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW shall prevail. 
 
4. 
Subsection 16.8 is amended to provide that a release or waiver of rights executed by a Franchisee 
will not include rights under the Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after 
the Franchise Agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel.   
 
5. 
Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
6. 
Subsection 17.1 is amended to provide that provisions which unreasonably restrict or limit the 
statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a 
right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
7. 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the 
time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of 
arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the Franchise Agreement, you 
may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a 
violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
 
8. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an 
amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the 
Franchise Agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable 
in Washington.  
 
9.  
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits us from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting you from (i) soliciting or 
hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee 
of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement or 
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
