 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement
Summary 
registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, System, 
Network or Licensed Brand; notify the applicable domain name 
registrars of the termination of your right to use any domain 
name or Sites associated with the Marks or the Licensed Brand; 
and authorize and instruct the cancellation of the domain name, 
or transfer of the domain name to us (or our designee), as we 
specify; delete all references to our Marks, System, Network or 
Licensed Brand from any Sites you own, maintain or operate 
beyond the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §§9 and 
10 
If your right to use the designated Restaurant Brand terminates 
or expires, your post-term obligations include termination your 
use of the Restaurant Brand and any other brands, marks, 
systems or other rights licensed to you for the restaurant, 
delivery of all items containing any portion of our trademarks or 
service marks to us for use by us as we may see fit, make the 
changes we request to your Hotel, hotel site and restaurant to 
de-identify your restaurant as an Restaurant Brand, return all 
copies of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, cancel all assumed 
name or equivalent registrations and transfer any domain name 
listings and registrations that contain any reference to the 
Restaurant Brand to us, and cease representing yourself or the 
hotel as then or formerly operating a Restaurant Brand 
restaurant. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 
You must stop using our software and related documents, return 
all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done so. 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
FA §12.1 
We may assign or transfer the Franchise Agreement and any of 
our rights, duties or assets to any person or entity without your 
consent so long as the assignee assumes all of our obligations 
to permit you to operate the hotel. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
 HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any direct or 
indirect Equity Interest (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). 
You may not transfer to a Competitor or a Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement –  
Not applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement. We consider any 
attempt on your part to transfer or assign any of your rights or 
obligations under the HITS Agreement to be a “transfer” by you. 
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
FA §12.2 
A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, or the 
Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations under it) are 
prohibited unless expressly allowed in the Franchise Agreement. 
The Franchise Agreement allows 2 types of Transfers if certain 
conditions are satisfied: (a) Permitted Transfers; and (b) Change 
of Ownership Transfers. In any Transfer, the proposed 
Transferee may not be a Sanctioned Person or a Competitor. 
