 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or 
the Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand directories and internet sites; 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality 
assurance programs; certain technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead 
related to the administration or direction of these projects and programs. We have the sole right 
to determine how and when we spend these funds, including sole control over the creative 
concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement and allocation of advertising 
and the selection of promotional programs. We may enter into arrangements for development, 
marketing, operations, administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, 
services and/or personnel with any other entity, including any affiliates.  Monthly Program Fees 
are intended for the benefit of the System and the Network, and will not be used to promote or 
benefit any one property or market. Occasionally, however, Monthly Program Fees may be used 
for a property or market-specific initiative if we determine it has a strategic value to the System or 
Network overall. We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid by the Monthly 
Program Fee to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments, 
or to ensure that your Hotel benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures. We may 
create any programs, and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program Fees to any regions or 
localities as we consider appropriate in our sole judgment. The aggregate of Monthly Program 
Fees paid to us by franchisees does not constitute a trust or "advertising fund" and we are not a 
fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and other franchisees. We are 
not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from franchisees. If any interest 
is earned on unused Monthly Program Fees, we will use the interest before using the principal. 
The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of participating in any optional marketing 
programs and promotions periodically offered by us or our affiliates in which you voluntarily 
choose to participate. These fees also do not cover the cost of operating your Hotel in accordance 
with the standards in the Manual. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). 
 
Web Sites 
You may not register, own, or maintain any internet domain names, World Wide Web or other 
electronic communications sites, including mobile applications (each, a “Site” and collectively, 
"Sites"), relating to the Network, the System, or your Hotel, or that include the Marks. The only 
Sites, or Site contractors, that you may use for your Hotel are those assigned or approved by us. 
You must obtain our prior written approval of any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, 
any proposed links between the Site and any other Sites ("Linked Sites"), and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. All Sites containing any of the Marks and any Linked 
Sites must advertise, promote, and reflect on your Hotel and the System in a first-class, dignified 
manner. Our right to approve all materials is necessitated by the fact that those materials will 
include and be inextricably linked with the Marks. Any use of the Marks on the internet and any 
other computer network or electronic distribution system, including mobile applications, must 
conform to our requirements, including the content, identity, and graphics standards for all System 
Hotels. Given the changing nature of computer and communications technology, we have the 
right to withhold our approval, withdraw any prior approval, and to modify our requirements at any 
time.  
 
You may not (without a legal license or other legal right) post on your Sites or disseminate in any 
form any material in which any third party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, including 
video clips, photographs, sound bites, copyrighted text, trademarks or service marks, or any other 
text or image in which any third party may claim intellectual property ownership interests. You 
