EXHIBIT _ 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall 
supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North Dakota: 
 
1. 
Subsection 16.2.1 is amended to provide that the laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements or New York law if such provisions are in 
conflict with North Dakota law.  The Franchise Agreement will be governed by North Dakota law. 
 
2. 
Subsection 16.2.2 is amended to provide that any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of 
North Dakota, is deleted.  
 
3. 
The Franchise Agreement is amended to reflect that all liquidated damages provisions in the Franchise 
Agreement are deleted in their entirety.  Further, Subsection 13.4 of the Franchise Agreement is replaced 
by the following: 
 
Damages Upon Termination By Us. If we terminate the Agreement under Subsection 13.1 or 13.2 above, 
you acknowledge your default will cause substantial damage to us.  You therefore agree that if we 
terminate this Agreement, the termination will not be our sole remedy, and you will also be liable to us for 
all damages and losses we have suffered arising from the early termination of this Agreement to the same 
extent as if you had improperly terminated the Agreement.  You also agree that you will remain liable for 
all other obligations and claims under this Agreement, including obligations following termination under 
Subsections 9.6, 10.3, 13.6, and Section 14 and other damages suffered by us arising out of your breach 
or default.  
4. 
Subsection 17.1, which requires you to waive your right to a trial by jury, is deleted in its entirety.  
 
5. 
Subsection 17.2, which requires you to waive your right to exemplary and punitive damages, is deleted in 
its entirety. 
 
6. 
Subsection 16.8 is amended to provide that no release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement 
will relieve Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws of the 
State of North Dakota concerning franchising. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
