 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisees, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us. 
You may contact us for a current list in your area. 
Reservation Service  
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change. 
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications. All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems.  
Design Consultant 
You must use an independent third-party design consultant (“Designer”) that has been approved 
by us to design your Hotel’s interior space, materials and furnishings. You may not use a Designer 
that has not been approved. We maintain a list of several approved Designers that you may 
choose from. These Designers understand the Canopy Brand ethos and standards and are 
familiar with the scope of work needed for Canopy hotels. We may consider approving a Designer 
that you recommend but have no obligation to do so. The estimated cost of these services before 
opening is included in Item 7 above. 
