 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the channels 
through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the licensed trademark "Canopy" (“Principal Mark”). As used in the 
Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks. The Marks 
include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one of 
the Restaurant Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the 
applicable Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
Our affiliate, Hilton International Holding USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“HIHUSA”) 
holds the rights to the following trademarks and service marks, which are registered on the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
CANOPY BY HILTON 
6390996 
June 15, 2021 
CANOPY 
7552571 
October 29, 2024 
CANOPY BY HILTON 
7429578 
June 25, 2024 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2.   
We entered into license agreements with HIH and HIHUSA (collectively, “Trademark Owner”) 
which grants us the right to use the Marks in connection with the System in the US. The term of 
the license agreement between us and Trademark Owner continues indefinitely so long as each 
party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. Trademark Owner has certain enforcement 
rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to terminate the license 
agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the license agreement. 
These enforcement rights or any other rights of Trademark Owner to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the Restaurant Brand trademarks, as long as the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect).  
