 
 
47 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open 
your business: 
1. 
We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the 
Manual on the Hilton Intranet resources library. The Manual is confidential and is the 
property of our affiliate, Hilton International Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“HIH”) (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). References to the Manual include 
the Standards, which include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and 
policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you 
in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the hotel, and 
for hotel advertising and accounting, whether in the Manual or in the Franchise Agreement 
or other written communication (Franchise Agreement, Sections 1.0 and 4.6). The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you in the Manual or other written communication. You may, in your 
sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or procedures 
might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site. The current table of contents of the Manual is 
attached as Exhibit H-1. 
2. 
Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
3. 
We will review the plans, layouts and specifications, drawings and designs for constructing 
and furnishing your Hotel, including guest room areas, and grant or deny approval, which 
may be conditioned on your architect or other certified professional certifying to us that the 
Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those with 
disabilities. You may not start construction until you receive our approval. Once you 
receive our approval, you may not make any changes to the plans without our advance 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3 and 6.1.4). 
4. 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class, full-service or focused service hotels, as well as other relevant 
factors. If we do not approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire 
a professional hotel management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at 
least the first year of operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate 
this requirement. 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by HSS) before 
you open your Hotel. The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use of OnQ, our 
proprietary computerized business system which is an integral part of the System we 
license to you (see Computer System below). The HITS Agreement also governs the 
installation and on-going support and maintenance of your Guest Internet Access service 
(HITS Agreement, Exhibit G). 
