{00264795-17} 
25 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
provided that any such person or legal entity shall be required to assume all of our obligations to permit you 
to operate the Hotel under the Brand after such assignment. Any of our Affiliates may transfer, sell, dispose 
of, or otherwise convey, their ownership rights in us or any of our Affiliates, by operation of law or otherwise, 
including by public offering, to any person or legal entity without your consent.   
 
12.1.2 If we assign this Agreement to a third party who expressly assumes our obligations 
under this Agreement, we will no longer have any performance or other obligations to you under this 
Agreement and your right to use any programs, rights or services provided to you by us or our Affiliates 
under this Agreement will terminate. 
 
12.2 
Your Transfer. You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties in this 
Agreement are personal to you and that we are entering into this Agreement in reliance on your business 
skill, financial capacity, and the personal character of you and your officers, directors, partners, members, 
shareholders or trustees. A Transfer by you (or by an Equity Owner as of the Effective Date, or by a 
transferee Equity Owner we later approve) of any Equity Interest, or this Agreement, or any rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, is prohibited other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement. In any 
Transfer by you or any Equity Owner under this Subsection 12.2, the proposed Transferee may not be a 
Sanctioned Person or a Competitor.   
12.2.1 Permitted Transfers. We will permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in the 
Permitted Transfers set forth in this Subsection 12.2.1 if the Permitted Transfer meets the listed 
requirements. If a Permitted Transfer under Subsection 12.2.1.2 (requiring notice and our consent) 
otherwise qualifies as a Permitted Transfer under Subsection 12.2.1.1 (not requiring notice or our consent), 
the less restrictive provisions of Subsection 12.2.1.1 will control. 
 
12.2.1.1 
Permitted Transfers That Do Not Require Notice or Our Consent.  
We will permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in the following Permitted Transfers without giving notice 
or obtaining our consent if the Permitted Transfer meets the listed requirements.  
 
12.2.1.1.1 
Publicly Traded Equity Interests.  A Publicly Traded 
Equity Interest may be Transferred. 
 
12.2.1.1.2 
Privately Held Equity Interests: Less than 50% 
Change. An Equity Interest that is not publicly traded may be Transferred if the transferee Equity Owner 
will own less than fifty percent (50%) of the Equity Interests, in total, immediately after the transaction(s) as 
a result of the transaction(s). 
 
12.2.1.1.3 
Institutional Investment Funds. [IF APPLICABLE You 
may Transfer Equity Interests within [Insert Fund Entities (collectively, the “Fund Entities”) and Equity 
Interests in you to new fund entities or new managed accounts (collectively, “Future Funds”) if [Insert 
Name of Asset Manager] (“Asset Manager”) directly or indirectly, controls the Fund Entities or Future 
Funds. 
12.2.1.2 
Permitted Transfers That Require Notice and Our Consent. We will 
permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in the following Permitted Transfers if the Permitted Transfer 
meets the listed requirements. For Permitted Transfers under this Subsection, you must: (a) give us at least 
sixty (60) days’ advance written notice of the proposed Permitted Transfer (including the identity and contact 
information for any proposed transferee); (b) pay to us on request our then-current nonrefundable 
processing fee; [INSERT ONLY AT DEVELOPMENT’S REQUEST OTHERWISE DELETE [ND: provided, 
however, we agree to waive the processing fee for one (1) Permitted Transfer if it occurs before the Opening 
Date]; [COO: provided, however, we agree to waive the processing fee for one (1) Permitted Transfer if it 
occurs within twelve months after the Closing/Effective Date;] (c) follow our then-current procedure for 
processing Permitted Transfers, including providing any information we may require in order to review the 
proposed Transfer and completing our then-current compliance process; and (d) execute our then-current 
standard documents required for processing Permitted Transfers. 
 
