 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
If you elect to add Restaurant Brand to your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Restaurant Brand Amendment”) attached as Exhibit D-3. 
If you sign the Restaurant Brand Amendment, the System will include the Restaurant Brand and 
all of its elements and you must comply with the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. In that case, all 
references in this Disclosure Document to the Standards or the Manual will also include the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines.  If there is a conflict between the Manual and the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines, the Restaurant Brand Guidelines will control. If you are operating a restaurant or bar 
under a trademark other than a Restaurant Brand, the System will not include the Restaurant 
Brand, but you still must comply with the System and our requirements related to restaurants and 
other food and beverage outlets generally, as found in the Manual. The franchisee of the 
Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our affiliates and predecessors have not offered 
licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Canopy hotels compete in the upper upscale market of hotels and cater to business travelers, 
families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location. The market for your 
services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation. Our franchisees 
seek customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business 
from conventions, and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level. If you are operating 
a Restaurant Brand, you will market your products and services to patrons of the hotel and the 
local community. 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated 
local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services 
to the same clientele. The meeting facilities of a Canopy hotel will compete with national and 
independent hotels and their restaurants in its own and other regions. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark 
“Canopy”). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to 
guest lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any 
Restricted Area, in any manner that we, or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided 
that any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may 
purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised 
network or chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities 
regardless of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any 
Restricted Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any 
brands or marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There 
is no mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
