 
 
41 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
Interior Stylist Consultant 
You must use an independent third-party interior styling consultant (“Interior Stylist”) that has been 
approved by us to help you accessorize, furnish, and maintain the interior environment of your 
Hotel’s public areas. You may not use an Interior Stylist that we have not approved. Your Interior 
Stylist will help you to select concept-relevant accessories, finishes, art, books, plants, florals, 
other biophilia, and other elements to enhance your public areas and keep them fresh and 
relevant. Your Interior Stylist must cooperate with us to ensure that your public areas are 
appropriate and meet our Standards. Your Interior Stylist must consult with you during the 
development of your Hotel and on an ongoing basis, at least twice each year or as otherwise 
approved by us. The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. 
After opening, we anticipate the cost of these services to be up to $50,000 per year.  
Food and Beverage Consultant  
You must use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and Beverage 
Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage outlet 
concepts. You may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have not approved. Your 
Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, name and logo, 
menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and equipment, linens, 
lighting coordination with an approved Lighting Consultant, sound system coordination with an 
approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other elements of the 
operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets. Your Food and 
Beverage Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage outlets are 
appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant Brand 
(described above) or to hire Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the StiR 
Creative Collective program (described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the 
applicable food and beverage outlets. The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above. 
 
Lighting Consultant  
You must use an independent third-party lighting consultant (“Lighting Consultant”) to develop the 
lighting design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. You may not use a Lighting Consultant 
that we have not approved. The Lighting Consultant is responsible for creating a lighting concept 
that delivers a Brand-appropriate experience consistent with your Hotel’s market positioning, food 
and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Lighting Consultant must cooperate with us to 
ensure that your lighting plans are appropriate and meet our Standards. The estimated cost of 
these services before opening is included in Item 7 above.   
 
Audio Consultant  
You must use an independent third-party acoustic or sound consultant (“Audio Consultant”) to 
develop the acoustic and sound design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. You may not 
use an Audio Consultant that we have not approved. The Audio Consultant is responsible for 
creating a plan for sound management and guest audio experience that delivers a Brand-
appropriate experience consistent with you Hotel’s concept or theme, market positioning, food 
and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Audio Consultant must cooperate with us to 
ensure that your acoustic and sound design plans are appropriate and meet our Standards. The 
estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above.  
 
