 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
6. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
7. 
If you open a restaurant or bar at a Hotel that uses a Restaurant Brand, before opening 
we or one of our affiliates will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
also consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar.  (Restaurant 
Brand Amendment, Section 4).  We will also loan to you a copy of the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines or provide you with electronic access to Restaurant Brand Guidelines on the 
Hilton intranet resources library.  The Restaurant Brand Guidelines are confidential and 
the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6).  The current Table 
of Contents of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines is attached at Exhibit H-2. 
8. 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials, and you must pay for expenses associated with training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change. The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.   
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software. You must use authorized hardware and the required software for 
the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred providers, 
or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party providers. If you acquire the hardware 
from another (non-preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in 
determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay for all necessary 
communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic mail, and Internet 
connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and configuration services.  
The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the Hilton Property 
Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property Engagement 
Platform (“PEP®”). You are required to license the HPMS software from our affiliate, HSS. HSS is 
the only supplier of the HPMS software because of its proprietary nature. We are not able to 
determine a separate market price because there is no third-party market for this product in its 
