 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement
Summary 
HITS Agreement 1.1. 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
v. Choice of forum 
FA §16.2.2, Puerto 
Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2. 
Court actions must be brought in the U.S. District Court for the 
Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia, or, if there is 
no subject matter jurisdiction in federal court, in a state court of 
competent jurisdiction in either Fairfax County, Virginia, or New 
York, New York, but we may elect to bring an action against you 
where the hotel is located. 
For Puerto Rico arbitration actions, the venue will be Fairfax 
County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New York, 
New York.  An arbitration award may be confirmed in any court 
of competent jurisdiction. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
w. Choice of law  
FA §16.2.1 
New York law applies, without recourse to New York choice of 
law on conflicts of law principles, except to the extent governed 
by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 
USC § 1050) (subject to state law). 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.  
We do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial performance or the past 
financial performance of company-owned or franchised outlets. We also do not authorize our 
employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you 
are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that 
outlet. If you receive any other financial performance information or projections of your future 
income, you should report it to our management by contacting William Fortier, Senior Vice 
President-Development-Americas, 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 
22102, 703-883-1000, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory 
agencies. 
 
