{00264795-17} 
16 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
likely to adversely reflect upon or affect in any manner the reputation, goodwill, or business of the Hotel, 
the System, us and/or any of our Affiliates; 
 
5.1.28 obtain our approval to charge any Mandatory Guest Fees at the Hotel in 
accordance with the Standards and subject to our requirements for granting such approval; and 
 
5.1.29 not become a Competitor, or permit your Affiliate to become a Competitor, in the 
[INSERT FOR CI, OL: luxury [INSERT FOR GU, PY, ES, HFS, QQ: upper upscale [INSERT FOR DT, HGI, 
HWS, PO, UP: upscale [INSERT FOR HAM, HIS, H2, UAB: upper midscale [INSERT FOR EY, RU: 
midscale ] [INSERT FOR PE: economy] hotel market segment, or any substantially equivalent market 
segment, as determined by STR, LLC and its affiliates (collectively “STR”) (or, if STR is no longer in 
existence, STR’s successor or other such industry resource that is as equally as reputable as STR).  [FOR 
OL, QQ, UP, REPLACE “.” WITH: ; and ] 
 
5.1.30 [INSERT FOR OL, QQ, UP: not, and ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any 
Competitor to use Your Marks without our prior written approval.]    
 
5.2 
Room Rates and Pricing. Subject to Section 5.1, you are responsible for setting your own 
rates for guest rooms and prices for any other products or services offered at, from, or in connection with 
the Hotel. However, we may: (a) proscribe certain types of charges or billing practices; (b) establish 
maximum rates and prices for marketing and promotions as permitted by Laws; (c) require that the rates 
and prices you advertise through certain distribution channels be the same as or better than the rates and 
prices you advertise through other distribution channels; (d) require you to participate in certain revenue or 
inventory management programs that we provide; and/or (e) impose other pricing requirements as required 
or permitted by Laws.  In addition, we may suggest room rates and pricing policies to the extent permitted 
by Laws but have no obligation to do so. We do not represent or warrant that any rates or pricing policies 
that we suggest will produce, increase, optimize, or otherwise affect your Hotel’s revenue and we have no 
liability in connection with such suggestions.   
 
6.0 
HOTEL WORK 
 
6.1 
Necessary Consents. 
 
6.1.1 
You must obtain our prior written consent before retaining or engaging any 
architect, interior designer, general contractor and major subcontractors for the Hotel, which consent will 
not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
6.1.2 
Plans and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the schedule 
specified in the Addendum, or any PIP attached to this Agreement.  
 
6.1.3 
You shall not commence any Hotel Work unless and until we have issued our 
written consent in respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.   
 
6.1.4 
Before we approve your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must 
certify to us that the Plans comply with all Laws related to accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those 
with disabilities. You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Plans and Designs (including Plans and 
Designs for Hotel Work) comply with our then-current Standards, the Manual, [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: 
our Package requirements, and all Laws. 
 
6.1.5 
Once we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may be 
made to the Plans or Designs without our prior written consent. By consenting to the Plans and Designs, 
or any changes or modifications to the Plans and Designs, we do not warrant the depth of our analysis or 
assume any responsibility or liability for the suitability of the Plans and Designs or the resulting Hotel Work. 
 
