 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
2025 US CANOPY 
 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.  
Digital Floor Plan. You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS. 
See Item 11 for details. 
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details. 
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000.  
The costs shown above estimates do not include certain costs payable to third parties in 
connection with the OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in 
connection with our required Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events system, or 
the costs of optional computer system components that we may recommend (including, for 
example, other business computer systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting 
systems, timekeeping and payroll, point of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). 
Additionally, these costs do not include any delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the 
opening of your hotel is delayed and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we 
may offer discounts and other benefits to support the adoption of new technology components, 
programs, or services. All computer system costs are subject to change, and normally are not 
refundable. See Item 11 for a more detailed description of each of these required and 
recommended computer systems. 
4. 
If you wish to utilize a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The initial fee is due when you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and is nonrefundable. We will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu 
templates, design and visual identity guides, supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar.  After your Hotel opens, 
your restaurant or bar may be managed either by you or a third-party management company that 
we approve. Your restaurant or bar must meet our Standards and specifications at all times, 
including those under the Restaurant Brand Guidelines and those that apply to food and beverage 
operations generally under the Brand Standards. 
 
5. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for 
the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage equipment supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend 
you purchase these items from HSM or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to 
purchase specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure 
Document. If you choose to buy from HSM, it will invoice you for the cost of the products plus 
freight, sales tax and other actual costs, plus a procurement fee that ranges 4% to 10% of the 
project cost. HSM may offer you a payment plan. These payment plans are agreed with each 
franchisee individually based on the type of project, and specifically customized to the project’s 
