41 
 
Business is located, as doing business under any such assumed business name as allowed under applicable 
law. You cannot use any Mark in connection with the performance or sale of any unauthorized services or 
products or in any other manner we have not expressly authorized in writing. 
 
We or our affiliates are the lawful and sole owner of the domain name www.eosworldwide.com. 
In addition to our restrictions, you may not register any of the Marks now or in the future owned by us or 
any abbreviation, acronym or variation of the Marks, or any other name that could be deemed confusingly 
similar, as Internet domain names. We retain the sole right to advertise the EOS Franchise System on the 
Internet and to create, operate, maintain and modify, or discontinue use of a website using the Marks. Except 
as we may authorize in writing in advance, you cannot: (i) link or frame our Website, (ii) conduct any 
business or offer to sell or advertise any Services on the worldwide web, or (iii) create or register any 
Internet domain name in connection with your Franchised Business. 
 
You may use only the Marks which we designate and only for the operation of the Franchised 
Business or in advertising for the Franchised Business, and may use them only in the manner we authorize 
and permit. Any goodwill associated with the Marks, including any goodwill which might be deemed to 
have arisen through your operation of the Franchised Business, inures directly and exclusively to our and 
our affiliate’s benefit. You must use all Marks without prefix or suffix and in conjunction with the symbols 
“SM,” “®,”or “™” as instructed by us. 
 
We are not aware of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your 
use of our principal Marks in any state; however, a federal trademark registration does not necessarily 
protect the use of the concerned trademark against a prior user. Therefore, before entering into the Franchise 
Agreement, you should make every effort to confirm that there are no existing uses of the Marks or 
confusingly similar marks being used where you wish to do business. You should immediately notify us of 
any confusingly similar marks you discover. 
 
Infringements 
 
You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of any Mark, 
or of any claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or Intellectual Property, and you may not 
communicate with any person other than us, our legal counsel and your legal counsel in connection with 
any infringement, challenge or claim. We or our affiliates, in our sole judgment, may take any action that 
we deem appropriate and we have the right to control exclusively any litigation, USPTO proceeding or any 
other administrative proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to 
any Mark or Intellectual Property. You must sign any instruments and documents, provide assistance and 
take any action that, in the opinion of our legal counsel, may be necessary or advisable to protect and 
maintain our interests in any litigation or USPTO or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain 
our interests in the Marks or Intellectual Property. The Franchise Agreement requires us to participate in 
your defense and/or indemnify you for expenses or damages if you are a party to an administrative or 
judicial proceeding involving a Mark or Intellectual Property licensed to you by us or if the proceeding is 
resolved unfavorably to you provided that you have used such Mark or Intellectual Property in compliance 
with the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Changes to the Marks 
 
If we determine that it becomes advisable for us and/or you to modify or discontinue the use of any 
Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute trade or service marks, you must comply with our 
directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice. You will pay the expense of changing any 
materials used in the operation of your Franchised Business. Further, we will not be obligated to reimburse 
you for any loss of revenue attributable to any modified or discontinued Mark or for any expenditure you 
