 
B-11 
 
4. Waiver of Damages. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires the Franchisee to 
consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages is hereby deleted from any Franchise 
Agreement issued in the State of North Dakota. 
 
5. Limitations of Claims. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires the Franchisee to 
consent to a limitation of claims within one year is hereby amended to read the statute of limitations 
under North Dakota Law will apply in any Franchise Agreement issued in the State of North 
Dakota. 
 
6. Dispute Resolution. Sections 20.4 and 20.5 of the Franchise Agreement are amended to provide 
that the site of arbitration or mediation is to be agreeable to all parties and may not be remote from 
the Franchisee’s place of business. 
 
7. Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. The laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements or Delaware law if such provisions 
are in conflict with North Dakota law. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue, or requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside 
of North Dakota, is deleted from any Franchise Agreement issued in the State of North Dakota. 
 
8. Waiver of Jury Trial. Section 20.12 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with “[Intentionally omitted.]” 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF OHIO 
 
The Ohio Business Opportunity Plan Law requires that certain provisions contained in the 
Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC be amended to be consistent with Ohio Law. 
Such provisions in the Agreement are hereby amended as follows: 
 
1. Governing Law. In the event of a conflict of laws, Ohio law shall prevail. 
2. Jurisdiction and Venue. Any action may be brought in the appropriate state or federal court in Ohio. 
3. Limitations of Claims. The statute of limitations under Ohio Law shall apply. 
4. Revocation Period. 
 
Ohio Notice of Cancellation (FOR OHIO FRANCHISEES ONLY) 
 
(Enter date of transaction) 
 
You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, within five business days from the above 
date. If you cancel, any payments made by you under the agreement, and any negotiable instrument 
executed by you will be returned within ten business days following the seller’s receipt of your cancellation 
notice, and any security interest arising out of the transaction will be cancelled. If you cancel, you must 
make available to the seller at your business address all goods delivered to you under this agreement; or 
you may if you wish, comply with the instructions of the seller regarding the return shipment of the goods 
at the seller’s expense and risk. If you do make the goods available to the seller and the seller does not pick 
them up within twenty days of the date of your notice of cancellation, you may retain or dispose of them 
without further obligation. If you fail to make the goods available to the seller, or if you agree to return 
them to the seller and fail to do so, then you remain liable for the performance of all obligations under this 
