18 
 
Additional information about the required computer system is included in Item 11. 
 
7. 
Initial Marketing. This range includes the cost to purchase up to 200 Traction books at a current 
price of $16.00 per book, plus estimated shipping. We recommend, but do not require, that you conduct 
initial local marketing of your Franchised Business using these books. 
 
8. 
Insurance. You must purchase general commercial liability insurance, errors and omission liability 
insurance and other insurance we specify in the Operations Manual or required by applicable law (e.g., 
workers compensation insurance) or your lease agreement, should you rent space. See Item 8 for more 
details. Our estimates assume the annual premium for your insurance policies will be paid in full upon the 
purchase of these insurance policies. 
 
9. 
Miscellaneous First Year Expenses. This includes business cards, client meals, and estimated 
conference room rental fees for holding sessions or meetings with clients for the first year of operations.  
As part of our review process for new franchisees, we may start implementing a background check 
requirement which may require that you pay a processing fee to our background check provider, currently 
estimated at between $150-$250 depending on where you are located.   
 
10. 
Accounting and Professional Fees. We strongly advise you to consult with your own financial 
and legal advisors, and we anticipate that you will incur professional fees related to your evaluation of this 
Disclosure Document, including the Franchise Agreement and evaluating compliance obligations with any 
applicable laws or regulations as described in Item 1. In addition, you may form an entity for your 
Franchised Business, which will incur legal and administrative fees and expenses. 
 
11. 
Monthly Membership Fees. The low range amount includes one month of Monthly Membership 
Fees at a Professional Tier of $1,395 per month, assuming that you attend Boot Camp approximately six 
months after you sign your Franchise Agreement. The high range amount includes four months of Monthly 
Membership Fees at a Professional Tier of $1,395 per month, assuming that you attend Boot Camp 
approximately three months after you sign your Franchise Agreement. Most franchisees attend Boot Camp 
within this 3-6 month range, if you are able to attend Boot Camp sooner, your initial investment may be 
higher, however, you may begin to offer Implementer Services once you have attended and satisfactorily 
completed Boot Camp. All new franchisees will be designated at the Professional Tier when they 
commence operations. Franchisees that are designated at the Certified or Expert Tier pay higher Monthly 
Membership Fees. Franchisees designated as Legacy and Emeritus currently pay the same Monthly 
Membership Fee as Professional Tier members. However, because of the criteria for those tiers, new 
franchisees will not qualify for any of these tiers prior to commencing operations as a franchisee. See Item 
6 for more information about the Monthly Membership Fees. 
 
12. 
Additional Funds for First 6 Months of Operation. This item estimates your initial startup 
expenses (other than the items identified separately in the table) for the initial period of operation of your 
Franchised Business, which we anticipate will be three to six months. You will need additional capital to 
support ongoing expenses and possibly your cost of living to the extent these costs are not covered by sales 
revenue. Operating expenses might include payroll costs if your start up plan includes hiring support staff 
and/or paying yourself a salary. These estimates assume you will not rent or purchase space to operate your 
Franchised Business. 
 
13. 
Total. We relied on our affiliates’, employees’, and principals’ experience in developing, operating 
and supporting an EOS Worldwide business similar to the one offered under this Disclosure Document to 
compile these estimates. These estimates are also based on our general business experience and knowledge 
of the industry. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before deciding to 
purchase the Franchised Business. We do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial 
