6 
 
 
 
Except pursuant to Section 15 below, you may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under this 
Agreement, nor may you grant a sub-franchise or otherwise sublicense any such rights or obligations, and 
any attempt to do so shall be void and of no force and effect and constitute a material breach of this 
Agreement.   
 
3.2 
Tiers. 
 
(a) 
Currently, we have three (3) designated operating tiers for Implementers: (1) 
Professional Tier, (2) Certified Tier and (3) Expert Tier (each herein referred to as a “Tier”). We also have 
created two separate Tiers, the Legacy Tier and the Emeritus Tier for EOS Implementers that are 
transitioning into retirement and would like to remain a part of our EOS Implementer Community. All new 
EOS Implementers are initially designated in the Professional Tier subject to completion of our initial 
training program which we call Boot Camp. We reserve the right to create additional Tier designations in 
our sole discretion. You will pay the Membership Fee as described in Section 4.2 associated with your Tier. 
Your Franchised Business may only offer and sell the Products and Services, and engage in the business 
activities, permitted in the Operations Manual for your Tier. You may only market, advertise and promote 
yourself and your Franchised Business at your designated Tier. The rights, duties and obligations of each 
Tier are set forth in the Operations Manual. 
 
(b) 
You may request a modification to your Tier designation only upon formal written 
request to us in the form and manner set forth in the Operations Manual. We may condition your Tier 
qualification on meeting certain standards, terms and requirements. Participation in a Tier may require (i) 
additional purchase of inventory or supplies; (ii) additional Implementer training; (iii) additional marketing 
requirements; (iv) additional payment obligations; and (v) other conditions, all of which you must meet at 
your own expense. We may modify, eliminate, discontinue, merge or otherwise alter Tier designations at 
any time in our sole discretion and we disclaim any liability to you related to any such change. If you do 
not continue to satisfy the conditions and requirements of a Tier designation, then we may modify your 
Tier designation upon written notice, which may require Mandatory Remedial Training in accordance with 
Section 5.2 and Section 10.16 below, and/or terminate this Agreement, as applicable, in accordance with 
Section 10.16 and Section 17 below. 
 
3.3 
Rights We Reserve.  
 
 
We and our affiliates retain the right, at our sole discretion, to engage in any other activities not 
expressly prohibited in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we and our 
affiliates retain the right to own and operate EOS Worldwide businesses under the Marks or using the 
Intellectual Property, or to license others the right to own and operate an EOS Worldwide business or 
franchise under the Marks and System or using the Intellectual Property anywhere in the world, and to 
allow others to solicit Clients anywhere we may permit in their agreements with us or our affiliates. We 
and our affiliates also retain the right, at our sole discretion, to own and operate other businesses using our 
Marks or Intellectual Property or other trademarks or intellectual property, or to license others the right to 
use our Marks or Intellectual Property or other trademarks or intellectual property, or to license others the 
right to own and operate other businesses or franchises using our Marks or Intellectual Property or other 
trademarks or intellectual property, anywhere in the world. Your rights as a franchisee do not include any 
right of first refusal for any additional business or franchise programs or other rights to use our Marks or 
Intellectual Property or other trademarks or intellectual property, which we may now or in the future create. 
Additionally, we may acquire or merge with, or be otherwise acquired by, any business, including without 
limitation, a competitive business or another franchisor offering competitive businesses, located anywhere 
and operate that business using the Intellectual Property, Marks and EOS Franchise System and/or other 
intellectual property, marks or system components. We and our affiliates also may sell other products or 
