2 
 
 
1.5 
The Franchise.  
 
 
You desire to acquire the right to operate an EOS Franchise (the “Franchised Business”), using the 
EOS Franchise System, the Intellectual Property and the Marks, to market, sell, provide, render and perform 
the Services and Products to entrepreneurs, business owners and other end-users (collectively, the 
“Clients”). 
 
1.6 
Franchisee’s Application.  
 
 
You submitted an application to us representing and warranting that all information provided to us 
is true, complete, correct and not misleading in any material respects (“Franchise Application”). We 
approved the application in reliance upon your representations and warranties set forth in the Franchise 
Application. 
1.7 
Acknowledgments. 
(a) 
You understand and acknowledge the importance of our high and uniform 
standards of quality, operations and service and the necessity of operating the Franchised Business in strict 
conformity and consistency with the EOS Franchise System, and you acknowledge that the terms of this 
Agreement are reasonably necessary to maintain such high and uniform standards among all EOS 
Franchises (“Franchise System Standards”), and to protect and preserve the goodwill of the Marks, the 
Intellectual Property and the System. 
 
(b) 
You further understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties along with the 
Franchise granted in this Agreement are personal to you, and Franchisor has entered into this Agreement 
in reliance on your personal skills, experience and financial ability. 
 
1.8 
EOS Worldwide Global Operations. 
(a) 
You understand and acknowledge that Franchisor is based in the United States of 
America and operates primarily in the English language.  Accordingly, subject to applicable law, Materials 
(as defined in Section 3.1(b)) below and including training, instructional, education materials, worksheets, 
guides, modules, Leadership Team Manuals, videos, and books that may be used in your Client Sessions) 
and other resources may not be available in every language.  As further discussed in Section 3.1(b) and 
Section 9.2 below, you may not translate or otherwise modify any Materials unless you receive express 
prior written permission from us in accordance with this Agreement. 
(b) 
As a United States based Franchised Business, you will be a member of our North 
American community and will therefore attend Boot Camp, QCEs and other training, meetings and events 
provided to or for the benefit of Franchised Businesses from time to time in the United States, and will be 
subject to the applicable Franchise System Standards for the United States.  If you travel internationally, 
such travel may result in increased costs and travel time, travel restrictions and other burdens or 
inconveniences that may not be applicable to others.  Accordingly, you accept all such known and unknown 
incremental costs, burdens, inconveniences and other risks of conducting any part of your Franchised 
Business outside of the United States. You will be solely responsible for managing visa and travel 
requirements associated with any such international travel.  If you require an entry visa into any other 
foreign country including the United States of America, you must allow sufficient time for the visa 
application procedure.  In addition, you may not change communities without our prior written consent.  
We will approve or disapprove a change request based on such factors as we deem appropriate (acting 
reasonably), including the basis for the change request.   
(c) 
While Franchised Businesses perform Implementer Services for Clients generally 
