29 
 
 
so as to preserve, maintain and enhance the reputation and goodwill of the System. 
 
(f) 
You may not engage in any activity, practice, or acts that may create a conflict of 
interest with the operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
(g) 
You agree to provide the highest standard of service in a professional manner in 
connection with the provision or sale of the Services and Products to ensure complete Client satisfaction 
and you must also cooperate with us to honor all refund policies that we develop from time to time. 
 
(h) 
You must participate in our Client Satisfaction Program and any other applicable 
programs as set forth in the Operations Manual and as applicable, in Section 10.10 below 
 
(i) 
You must adhere to our Core Values when operating your Franchised Business. 
 
10.9 
Modification of System.  
 
 
You expressly acknowledge that the EOS Franchise System must continue to evolve in order to 
reflect changing market conditions and to meet new and changing client demands. Therefore, variations 
and additions to the EOS Franchise System may be required from time to time to preserve and enhance the 
public image of the EOS Franchise System and to improve the continuing operating efficiency of all 
franchisees. Accordingly, you agree that we may from time to time, upon written notice, add to, subtract 
from or otherwise change the EOS Franchise System, including, without limitation, adopting new or 
modified Marks, Products, Services, systems, fees, equipment and techniques and methods relating to the 
sale, promotion and provision of Services or Products or other changes to the EOS Franchise System. 
10.10 Client Satisfaction and Other Programs.  
 
You must institute and honor all EOS network satisfaction, loyalty and promotional programs that 
we require on the terms associated with such network programs, as specified in the Operations Manual, and 
verify your compliance with all such programs in writing at our request. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, you acknowledge that Client satisfaction is essential to the Franchised Business’s success as 
well as the reputation, standing and success of the EOS Franchise System and other franchisees and 
company or affiliate owned outlets. Accordingly, you agree that: 
(a) 
You will participate in the Client Satisfaction Program to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law. The Client Satisfaction Program requires that you will not charge any fee for 
any session if the Client believes the session did not provide sufficient business value to the Client and sets 
additional parameters for providing the Services to Clients. The Client Satisfaction Program (including the 
additional components and terms) is more fully described in the Operations Manual. 
 
(b) 
You will issue refunds to Clients in accordance with the Client Satisfaction 
Program. 
 
(c) 
You will send surveys to your Clients to evaluate your performance with your 
Clients in such form and at such intervals as we designate in the Operations Manual and that are conducted 
in compliance with applicable laws. 
 
(d) 
You will include the terms of the Client Satisfaction Program in any engagement 
agreements you sign with any Client. 
(e) 
We reserve the right to contact your Clients directly for the purposes of 
determining their satisfaction with EOS. 
 
