The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
D-7 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER 
THE INDIANA FRANCHISE DECEPTIVE FRANCHISE PRACTICES ACT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements 
or Delaware law if such provision are in conflict with Indiana law. 
 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code § 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the franchise without 
good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined therein as material breach of the Franchise Agreement, 
shall supersede the provisions of Section 17 of the Franchise Agreement in the State of Indiana to the extent 
they may be inconsistent with such prohibition. 
 
3. 
Item 12 and Section 3.1 of the Franchise Agreement are subject to Indiana Code § 23-2-2.7-1(2) and § 23-
2-2.7-2(4) which prohibit us from competing unfairly with you within a reasonable area. 
 
4. 
No release language set forth in the Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement, including but not limited 
to Item 17 or Section thereof, respectively, shall relieve us or any other person, directly or indirectly, from 
liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of the State of Indiana. 
 
5. 
Section 20 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that such agreement will be construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana. 
 
6. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue, or requires you to agree 
to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of Indiana, is deleted from any Franchise Agreement issued in 
the State of Indiana. 
 
7. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
