The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
H-2 
 
 
If you answered “No” to questions 2 or 3 or “Yes” to question 4, please provide a full explanation of each 
answer in the following blank lines, including for question 4, the names of each other individual not listed 
on the receipt you signed (or on any updated receipt we provided to you), that you believe acted as a 
franchise seller in connection with the offering of the franchise to you. 
 
 
 
 
 
(Attach additional pages, if necessary, and refer to them below, identifying specifically which questions 
the additional explanations apply to). 
 
5. 
Did you receive all answers to each of your questions and concerns about making an 
investment in an EOS Worldwide franchise opportunity? 
 
Yes 
 
No   
 
If no, what questions do you have remaining about this EOS Worldwide franchise opportunity? (Attach 
additional pages, if necessary.) 
 
 
 
 
 
6. 
Have you discussed the benefits and risks of establishing and operating an EOS Franchised 
Business with an attorney, accountant, or other professional advisor? 
 
Yes 
 
No  
 
 
If No, do you wish to have more time to do so? 
 
Yes 
 
No  
 
 
As a reminder, we strongly encourage each franchisee to speak with an attorney, accountant and/ or 
other trusted advisors before signing an EOS Worldwide franchise agreement. 
 
7. 
Was any oral, written or visual statement, assertion or claim made to you by 
anyone that contradicted the disclosures in our Disclosure Document? 
 
Yes 
 
No  
 
 
8. 
Did any employee or other person speaking on Franchisor’s behalf make any 
statement or promise or provide you with any oral, written or visual calculation or assertion that stated, 
suggested, predicted or projected your sales, revenues, income or profit levels? 
 
Yes 
 
No  
 
 
9. 
Did any employee or other person speaking on Franchisor’s behalf provide any 
statistical information regarding any EOS Worldwide franchisees that is not contained in Item 19 of our 
Disclosure Document or that is contrary to or different from the information in Item 19 of our Disclosure 
Document? 
 
