25 
 
 
Office or U.S. Copyright Office, or any other litigation or proceeding arising out of any infringement, 
challenge or claim relating to any Mark or Intellectual Property. You must sign any documents, give any 
assistance, and do any acts that we or our legal counsel believe are necessary or advisable in order to protect 
and maintain our interests in any litigation or proceeding related to the Marks or Intellectual Property or 
otherwise to protect and maintain our interests in the Marks or Intellectual Property. You may not, at any 
time, contest the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or Intellectual Property, or assist any other 
person in contesting the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or Intellectual Property.  We do not make 
any representation or warranty to you that any of the Marks are registered or registrable, that we have the 
right or exclusive right to use any of the Marks, or that the Marks do not infringe on any intellectual 
property, proprietary or other right of any person. 
9.4 
Discontinuance of Use.  
 
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole judgment for your Franchise to modify or discontinue 
the use of any of the Marks or for your Franchise to use additional or substitute trademarks or service marks, 
you agree, at your sole expense, to comply with our directions to modify or otherwise discontinue the use 
of such Mark or Intellectual Property, or use additional or substitute trademarks or service marks, within a 
reasonable time after our notice to you. 
9.5 
Further Acts.   
(a) 
You agree to execute any and all instruments and documents, render such 
assistance and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary or advisable in 
furtherance of the implementation of any assignment provided for in Section 9.1 or Section 9.2 above or 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and you will require the same assignments, 
waivers and covenants in favor of us and our affiliates by your Personnel and by any independent 
contractors or other third parties who translate, modify or adapt the Materials or otherwise develop any 
intellectual property for your Franchised Business.  
(b) 
If registration of any Marks or any copyright of any of the Materials, or 
translations, modifications, or adaptations of the Materials, is required by law or deemed advisable by us 
or our affiliates, you agree to cooperate with and assist us and our affiliates in obtaining the registration in 
our or our  affiliate’s name, as applicable, and will not register or attempt to register or assist or be involved 
in any way with the registration (either directly or indirectly) of any Marks, Materials, or translations, 
modifications, or adaptations of the Materials, in the name of anyone other than us or our affiliates.  
9.6 
Franchisee Name.  
 
You may not use any of our EOS or EOS-related trademarked terms in your Business Entity’s name 
(or any other business entity’s name) without our prior written permission. You will hold yourself out to 
the public as an individually owned and operated business operating an EOS Franchise. Whenever practical, 
you will clearly indicate on your employment related documents (e.g., employment policies, applications, 
disciplinary documents, identification cards), business checks, stationery, business cards, invoices, receipts, 
advertising, public relations and promotional materials, website, and other written materials that you are a 
franchise business. If you are operating as a Business Entity, you will file for a business name registration 
(d/b/a) or other fictitious business name equivalent in the manner required by applicable local law so as to 
notify the public that you are operating the Franchise as an independent business pursuant to this 
Agreement. Prior to adoption of a business name, you shall obtain the written approval of such name from 
us. 
9.7 
Further Reservation of Rights.  
 
Because complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions may not be possible or 
practical, we specifically reserve the right and privilege, in our sole and unrestricted discretion and as we 
may deem to be in the best interests of all concerned in any specific instance, to vary standards for any 
franchisee or franchisees based on business potential, business practice or other factors we deem important 
