21 
 
concludes the session did not provide sufficient business value and sets additional parameters for providing 
the Services to Clients. The Client Satisfaction Program (including the additional components and terms) 
is more fully described in the Operations Manual. We further require that you send an annual survey to 
your Clients to evaluate your performance. We may modify, change, eliminate or amend the terms of the 
Client Satisfaction Program or such other network programs on thirty (30) days’ notice to you. We also 
reserve the right to contact all Clients directly for the purposes of determining their satisfaction with EOS. 
 
Change of Suppliers, Products or Services 
 
We may require that you obtain our prior written approval if you wish to purchase any items we 
have not previously approved, or you wish to purchase from a supplier that we have not previously 
approved. We may require that certain items be sourced exclusively from us, our affiliates, or our Approved 
Suppliers or other designated sources, including a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain 
products, to achieve uniformity or better pricing, simplify inventory and purchasing, or for other legitimate 
business reasons. We do not promise to evaluate or approve alternate products or suppliers on your request 
and we may decline to do so. 
If we elect to evaluate a product or supplier at your request, you must provide us with adequate 
information and samples to evaluate the proposed product or supplier. We currently do not charge an 
evaluation or testing fee. If we agree to evaluate a proposed product or supplier, we will provide you with 
written notification of the approval or disapproval of the product or supplier within sixty (60) days from 
the date we receive notice and all information and samples necessary to process your request. We may 
revoke approval of any supplier upon written notice to you for any reason in our sole discretion. We are not 
required to provide to you or any supplier the evaluation criteria we use. 
 
Rebates, Material Benefits, Cooperatives, Revenues from Restricted Purchases 
 
We may periodically negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for the benefit of franchisees, 
but we do not do so at this time. Other than as we expressly authorize, you may not in any manner reship, 
transship, or re-distribute any of the EOS Worldwide Services or Products or other items purchased from 
us or any Approved Supplier to any third party, including but not limited to other current or former EOS 
Worldwide franchisees with or without mark-up, without our prior written consent. 
 
We do not provide you with any other material benefits based on your use of Approved Suppliers 
or other designated or approved sources, such as the grant of a renewal or an additional franchise, but you 
must purchase those goods and services we require from Approved Suppliers or other designated sources 
to be in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, which may be us or our affiliates. Active EOS 
Implementers may however refer their Clients and other third-parties to our EOS One proprietary platform 
and receive fees based on their tier designation levels.  We reserve the right to discontinue, terminate, 
modify, or amend the referral program at any time with notice to our franchisees.  
 
There are currently no purchasing or distribution cooperatives in which you must participate, 
though we reserve the right to require that in the future. 
 
We reserve the right, as permitted by applicable law, under the Franchise Agreement to receive 
incentives, volume rebates, allowances, consideration, and other benefits from suppliers and manufacturers, 
including Approved Suppliers, directly or indirectly, as a result of sales of supplies, products or services to 
you by reason of such supplier, provider or manufacturer furnishing supplies, products or services to you 
and whether or not such supplies, products or services are required to be purchased in connection with the 
operation of the Franchised Business.   There are currently no such arrangements in place.  
 
We do derive revenue from your required purchases. In 2024, EOS Worldwide, as the franchisor, 
