14 
 
 
other losses as a result of your change or cancellation and are not a penalty. You understand that our costs 
will likely increase if there is a delay in notifying us of any cancellation or change and therefore we expect 
you to notify us as soon as possible of any change in circumstances. You are responsible for your own 
airfare, lodging, meals not provided to attendees and other costs incurred in attending. 
 
5.4 
Annual EOS Conference.  
 
 
Currently we hold an annual EOS Conference (“EOS Conference”) designed for companies 
operating on EOS, including Clients. We may allow EOS Implementers to attend the EOS Conference only 
if three or more of their Clients register to attend. The registration fee for implementers varies and is 
determined based on the number of Clients registered to attend the EOS Conference as set forth in the 
Operations Manual. We may change the criteria for our implementers to attend the EOS Conference, but 
we try to apply consistent standards and criteria for similarly situated franchisees. If you qualify to attend 
the EOS Conference, you will be responsible for all of your expenses incurred in connection with attending, 
including airfare, lodging, meals not provided to attendees, and other travel costs. We reserve the right to 
hold the EOS Conference virtually or eliminate it completely. 
 
6. 
EMPLOYEES. 
 
6.1 
Employees.  
 
You may decide whether you need additional employees, personnel or administrative staff to assist 
you in operating the Franchised Business, but these individuals may not be an Implementer or provide any 
Implementer Services to Clients (“Personnel”). As a reminder, your Franchise is an individually owned and 
operated business, therefore you are solely responsible for all hiring, firing, evaluation and employment 
decisions relating to your Personnel, complying with all laws applicable to such employment, including 
withholding and wage related laws, and setting the compensation to be paid to your Personnel. We will not 
be responsible for payment of any compensation to you or your Personnel. 
6.2 
Confidentiality Agreements. 
 
(a) 
You must ensure that all Personnel or any other person assisting in providing the 
Services or Products or working on behalf of the Franchised Business associated with your Franchise are 
only provided access to the Operations Manual, Client Data or other Confidential Information on a strict 
need to know basis in accordance with Section 16.2 below.  At our request, you must cause any such 
Personnel to sign a confidentiality agreement in such form as we may require or otherwise approve from 
time to time, prior to receiving access to the Operations Manual, Client Data, or other Confidential 
Information. You shall maintain copies of all confidentiality agreements signed by your Personnel and 
others associated with your Franchised Business and provide, if and when requested by us, and in the 
manner we designate, a copy of each such confidentiality agreement showing compliance with the 
foregoing requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall be responsible for each of your 
Personnel’s and such other persons’ compliance with your obligations under this Agreement in accordance 
with Section 16.2 below. 
 
(b) 
Without limiting your obligations under Section 6.2(a) or elsewhere in this 
Agreement, you shall, in compliance with any applicable laws, promptly notify us of the names of any 
Personnel or any other person who has access to the Operations Manual or other Confidential Information, 
and any additions or deletions to any of the foregoing. 
 
6.3 
Indemnification.  
 
 
You will indemnify us, hold us harmless from, and defend us against any and all liabilities, losses, 
