 
B-4 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, the Franchise 
Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. General Release. No general release shall be required as a condition of renewal, transfer or 
termination that is intended to require Franchisee to waive compliance with the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act, 815 ILCS 705. 
 
2. Governing Law. Section 20.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that any provision 
that designates governing law to be other than Illinois is void under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure 
Act of 1987. 
 
3. Jurisdiction and Venue. In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, 
any provision in the Franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside 
of the State of Illinois is void. However, the Franchise Agreement may provide for arbitration or 
mediation to take place outside of Illinois. 
 
4. Termination and Non-Renewal. The conditions under which the Franchise Agreement can be 
terminated and Franchisee’s rights upon termination or non-renewal, as well as the application by 
which Franchisee must bring any claims, may be governed by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, 
815 ILCS 705/19 and 705/20. 
 
5. No Limitations on Rights. In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, 
any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to 
waive compliance with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
This Section shall not prevent any person from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a 
general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed under any of the provisions of the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claim pursuant to the provisions 
of Title 9 of the United States Code. 
 
6. Limitations of Claims. No action for liability under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act shall be 
maintained unless brought before the expiration of three (3) years after the act or transaction 
constituting the violation upon which it is based, the expiration of one (1) year after Franchisee 
becomes aware of facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that he may have a claim for relief 
in respect to conduct governed by the Act, or ninety (90) days after delivery to Franchisee of a 
written notice disclosing the violation, whichever shall first expire. 
 
7. Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF INDIANA 
 
