31 
 
 
10.15 Best Efforts and Personal Conduct.  
 
You shall refrain from committing any act or pursuing any course of conduct that may bring the 
Marks or EOS Franchise System into disrepute. You shall use best efforts to promote and increase the 
demand for the Services and Products of the Franchise. All of your advertising and promotion shall be 
completely factual and shall conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising. You shall refrain from 
any business or advertising practice which may be injurious to the Franchise or the goodwill associated 
with the Marks and EOS Franchise System. 
10.16 Minimum Performance Requirements.  
 
Commencing after you successfully complete Boot Camp, for each measurement period (each a 
“Measurement Period”), you must perform the minimum number of Client Sessions, receive the minimum 
average rating for these Sessions, attend at least the minimum number of QCEs, and otherwise maintain 
any other then-applicable minimum performance requirements to maintain the proficiency for your Tier, as 
set forth in the Operations Manual (“Minimum Performance Requirements”). Minimum Performance 
Requirements are evaluated on a rolling quarterly basis or at such other times as we may determine from 
time to time (each, an “Evaluation Date”).  Measurement Periods are periods in which performance is 
evaluated on a trailing basis as of such Evaluation Date, which are typically twelve (12) month rolling 
lookback periods but may be extended or otherwise modified from time to time in our reasonable discretion.  
You must keep and maintain full, complete, and accurate records of all of your Client Session information 
and provide such information to us along with other periodic reports or other Client Session data we 
designate in accordance with Section 10.2 of this Agreement. Should you fail to meet the Minimum 
Performance Requirements in any Measurement Period as a Professional EOS Implementer, we reserve the 
right to require you to participate in Remedial Training at your own expense. If you fail to meet the 
Minimum Performance Requirements as of any applicable Evaluation Date in conjunction with your 
participation in Remedial Training or if you fail to attend and actively participate in any required Remedial 
Training, we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 17.2(f) or Section 17.3(g) of 
this Agreement, as the case may be.  For advanced Tiers, should you fail to meet the Minimum Performance 
Requirements in any Measurement Period, we reserve the right to lower your Tier and/or require you to 
participate in Remedial Training at your own expense.  We reserve the right to modify the Tier requirements 
or descriptions set forth in the Operations Manual if we discontinue, amend or change our internal programs 
and systems for ratings so long as the Minimum Performance Requirements are not materially more 
burdensome than prior to the modification of the Minimum Performance Requirements. 
10.17 No Discrimination.  
 
You may not discriminate in the conduct and operation of the Franchised Business against any 
person or group of persons because of marital status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, 
race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry of such person or group of persons or any other 
prohibited grounds for discrimination. 
11. 
ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION. 
 
11.1 
Generally.  
 
All your advertising, marketing and other promotional efforts that are in any way related to the 
Franchised Business and that include or otherwise identify any of the Marks, must conform to all provisions 
of this Agreement, the Operations Manual, and any other of our branding guidelines and policies that we 
prescribe from time to time. All advertising, promotion and marketing must be completely clear and factual 
and not misleading and conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising, marketing and promotion 
policies that we prescribe from time to time. In no event may any of your promotional materials contain 
any statement or material which may be considered: (a) in bad taste or offensive to any group or person; 
(b) defamatory or discriminatory to any person or an attack on a competitor; (c) inconsistent with our public 
image or Core Values; or (d) not in accord with Franchise System Standards. You must promptly 
