 
B-5 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law, IC 23-2.2.7 
and the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, IC 23-2-2-2.5, the Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide 
Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provision of the Franchise 
Agreement or Delaware Law if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. The Franchise 
Agreement will be governed by Indiana law. 
 
2. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law or the Indiana 
Franchise Disclosure Law. 
 
3. Termination. Section 17 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to prohibit unlawful unilateral 
termination of a franchise unless there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and 
termination is not in bad faith. 
 
4. Franchisee Indemnification. The Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that Franchisee shall 
not be required to indemnify Franchisor for any liability imposed upon Franchisor as a result of 
Franchisee’s reliance upon or use of procedures or products that were required by Franchisor, if 
such procedures or products were utilized by Franchisee in the manner required by Franchisor. 
 
5. Governing Law. Section 20.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that in the event 
of a conflict of law, the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, IC 23-2-2.5, and the Indiana Deceptive 
Franchise Practices Law will prevail. 
 
6. Jurisdiction and Venue. The Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that Franchisee may 
commence litigation in Indiana for any cause of action under Indiana law. Choice of forum for 
litigation will not be limited to the State of Delaware. 
 
7. Arbitration. The Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that arbitration between Franchisor 
and Franchisee shall be conducted in Indiana or a site mutually agreed upon. 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
 
 
 
