44 
 
any Implementer Services. 
 
You must devote your best efforts to the Franchised Business operations under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
You must notify us promptly if you cannot continue to serve as the Implementer of your Franchise. 
You will have thirty (30) days from the date of the notice (or from any date that we independently determine 
you no longer meets our standards) to take corrective action. During that thirty (30) day period, you must 
provide for interim management of your operations in compliance with the Franchise Agreement. 
 
We recognize that our franchisees may encounter extraordinary circumstances that may require 
extended time away from their Franchised Business. We have created a policy that is intended to provide 
franchisees with an ability to request a leave of absence or hiatus for those extraordinary circumstances that 
may or may not qualify as a disability; however, any such leave of absence or hiatus may not in and of itself 
relieve you of your obligation to continue to pay Monthly Membership Fees. Leaves of absence or other 
hiatuses, as applicable, may be granted on a case-by-case basis, in our sole discretion. 
 
Any personnel, owners, operators, managers or any other person assisting in providing the Services 
or Products or working on behalf of the Franchised Business and who has access to the Operations Manual, 
Client Data or other Confidential Information must maintain the confidentiality of such information in 
accordance with the Franchise Agreement and upon our request, must sign our then-standard confidentiality 
agreement agreeing to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information. You must promptly notify 
us of the names of any personnel or any other person who has access to the Operations Manual, Client Data 
or other Confidential Information, and you will remain responsible for the confidentiality of any such 
information shared with them on your behalf. 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
All clients should receive EOS in its purest form. Therefore, unless we are limited by applicable 
law, you must offer each of the Services and Products we specify for sale through the Franchised Business 
in accordance with our Franchise Systems Standards, and may not offer other products or services without 
our prior written approval. You are only permitted to cross-sell or refer Clients to other providers in the 
manner described in the Operations Manual, if at all.  
We understand that our franchisees are successful, abundance minded entrepreneurs that may 
engage in other opportunities during their term as a franchisee. While we do not require our franchisees to 
be full-time operators and therefore understand they may engage in outside opportunities, those 
opportunities must not violate the restrictive covenants in the Franchise Agreement or create a conflict of 
interest with the role as an EOSW franchisee. To prevent potential conflicts of interest, we created 
guidelines set forth in the Operations Manual defining the kind of outside opportunities that we determine 
are acceptable, and those that we determine are not. To summarize this process and our guidelines, 
essentially anytime you have created or pursued, or are even in the planning stages of creating or pursuing, 
a separate venture alongside your EOS Implementer Franchised Business, then you may be required to clear 
it with us by submitting for what we refer to as our “Item 16” review.  As part of this evaluation process 
for new franchisees, we may ask you a series of questions designed to determine whether you are engaged 
in any outside opportunities that could create a conflict of interest. These questions are referred to as our 
“Item 16” review and is part of our screening process. 
Not every opportunity requires an Item 16 review.  Generally speaking, if the opportunity could 
potentially create a conflict of interest with the EOS Worldwide brand or your business or otherwise 
materially impact your ability to operate your EOS Implementer business, you should go through an Item 
