42 
 
make to promote a modified or substitute trademark or service mark. 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
Patents 
 
We do not currently own any issued patents which are material to the Franchised Business. 
 
Copyrights 
 
We or our affiliates claim copyrights in the Operations Manual, the Website, Product and Service 
materials, training and session materials, advertising materials and related items used in operating the 
Franchised Business (the “Copyrighted Materials”). The License Agreement described in Item 13 provides 
us with the right to use, license and sublicense the Copyrighted Materials. We may further register, develop, 
change, cancel, enhance or modify Copyrighted Materials at any time. We have registered some, but not 
all, of the Copyrighted Materials with the United States Registrar of Copyrights. 
 
There currently are no effective determinations by, pending proceedings with, the Copyright Office 
(Library of Congress) or any court regarding any of the Copyrighted Materials which limit our rights to use 
or authorize franchisees to use any Copyrighted Materials in a manner material to your Franchised Business. 
Nor are there any agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our right to use or authorize 
franchisees to use the Copyrighted Materials. Furthermore, there are no infringing uses actually known to 
us which could materially affect a franchisee’s use of the Copyrighted Materials in any state. We are not 
required by any agreement to protect or defend Copyrighted Materials or confidential information, although 
we intend to do so when this action is in the best interests of the EOS Franchise System. During the term 
of your Franchise Agreement, you are granted the right to use certain of our Copyrighted Materials only 
for the operation of the Franchised Business or in advertising for the Franchised Business, and only in the 
manner we authorize and permit. 
 
Confidential Information 
 
Our Confidential Information includes the Operations Manual; the Boot Camp Manual; the 
Implementer Guides; training content; EOS Online Store materials; Franchise System Standards; 
information related to our Services and Products; methods for operating, managing, developing,  
performing, or coordinating aspects of the Franchised Business; recruitment, training, marketing or 
compensation methods; Client names and lists; referral sources; billing and collection methods; pricing 
strategies; financial information; business plans and other information about us, our affiliates and 
information about our Approved Suppliers; strategic partners, vendors, employees, and independent 
contractors and any other information we deem confidential (collectively, the “Confidential Information”). 
You may not use our Confidential Information in an unauthorized manner and must take reasonable steps 
to prevent its disclosure to others. 
 
You may never – during the initial term, any renewal term, or after the Franchise Agreement expires 
or is terminated – reveal any of our Confidential Information or any other materials, goods and information 
created or used by us and designated for confidential use within the EOS Franchise System to another 
person or use it for any purpose other than to operate your Franchised Business. You may not copy any of 
our Confidential Information or give it to a third party except as we authorize in writing. You must limit 
access of your employees and any others who help support your Franchised Business to Confidential 
Information used in connection with the EOS Franchise System on a need to know basis. We may, 
periodically and in our sole discretion, amend the contents of the Operations Manual and your 
