 
B-10 
 
FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the General Business Laws of the State of New York, Article 33, 
§§ 680 through 695, the Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the New York State General Business Law and the regulations issued 
thereunder. 
 
2. Franchisor Assignment. Franchisor shall not transfer and assign its rights and obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement unless the transferee is able to perform the Franchisor’s obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement, in Franchisor’s good faith judgment, so long as it remains subject to the New 
York State General Business Law and the regulations issued thereunder. 
 
3. Franchisee Indemnification. Franchisee shall not be required to indemnify Franchisor for any 
liability imposed upon Franchisor as a result of Franchisee’s reliance upon or use of procedures or 
products that were required by Franchisor, if such procedures or products were utilized by 
Franchisee in the manner required by Franchisor. 
 
4. Franchisee Termination. Franchisee may terminate the Franchise Agreement upon any grounds 
available at law. 
 
5. Governing Law. Section 20.1 of the Franchise Agreement requires that the franchise be governed 
by the laws of the State of Delaware, such a requirement will not be considered a waiver of any 
right conferred upon the Franchisee by Article 33 of the New York State General Business Law 
and the regulations issued thereunder. 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
 
The North Dakota Securities Commission requires that certain provisions contained in the 
Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC be amended to be consistent with North 
Dakota Law, including the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, North Dakota Century Code 
Addendum, Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-19-01 et seq. Such provisions in the Agreement are hereby 
amended as follows: 
 
1. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
2. Covenant Not to Compete. Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of the 
Franchise Agreement are generally unenforceable in the State of North Dakota except in limited 
instances as provided by law. 
 
3. General Release. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires the Franchisee to sign 
a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted from any Franchise 
Agreement issued in the State of North Dakota. 
