17 
 
Type of Expenditure(1) 
Amount 
Method of Payment 
When Due 
To whom 
payment is to 
be made 
Low 
High 
Additional Funds for 
First 6 Months of 
Operation(12) 
$0 
$54,630 As Arranged 
As Needed 
Vendors, 
Suppliers, 
Employees, 
Business 
Partners 
TOTAL(13) 
$61,045 
$150,660 
 
Notes: 
 
1. 
Type of Expenditure. Unless otherwise indicated, none of the expenses listed in the above chart 
are refundable. You must check with suppliers as to the ability to obtain a refund of any amounts you pay. 
We may waive or reduce Franchise Fees, Boot Camp Fees, and/or other Initial Fees (See Item 5), or offer 
other special incentives to one or more franchisees on a case-by-case basis and from time to time under 
certain circumstances in our reasonable discretion. These circumstances may include providing economic 
incentives to expedite growth, develop untapped markets, address current economic conditions regionally, 
or for other business reasons that we believe in good faith is best for the System or our EOS Community. 
 
2. 
Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee for all new franchisees to EOS is currently $5,000. 
We may reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for those who have left and then rejoined the community.  See 
Item 5. You will pay the Initial Franchise Fee in one lump sum at signing of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
3. 
Required Training. This includes the fee to attend our Boot Camp training. See Item 5. You will 
pay the Boot Camp fee in one lump sum upon execution of your Franchise Agreement.  We reserve the 
right, in our sole discretion, to waive or reduce training and training fees for those who may have previously 
attended and completed a Boot Camp. 
 
4. 
Additional Costs for you to attend Boot Camp and QCEs. This includes an estimate for travel, 
lodging, meals not provided to attendees, and other costs for you to attend Boot Camp and up to four QCEs 
in the first year. These costs will depend on the distance you must travel to attend these events and your 
travel vendors and accommodations. We may also make available additional optional training opportunities 
for new franchisees, including workshops. We or the party providing these additional training opportunities 
may charge a fee, and you may incur travel and related costs when attending these additional trainings. The 
costs associated with these optional training programs are not included in this Item 7. 
 
5. 
Opening/Start-Up Inventory. This includes the cost of the training binders and materials, 
including one (1) Leadership Team Manual, fifteen (15) copies of the Proven Process, fifteen (15) V/TOs, 
fifteen (15) Focus Days, one (1) copy of each of the following articles from the Harvard Business Program 
Collection –Building Your Company’s Vision and Make Your Values Mean Something, and five (5) We 
Run On EOS™ badges. 
 
6. 
Computer Technology and Hardware. This includes the cost to acquire a device (desktop, laptop 
or tablet) capable of accessing the Internet with a current version of Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Apple 
Safari or Firefox Internet browser to view training, report sessions and attend virtual meetings. Our 
computer system estimate includes the cost of purchasing a new computer and licensing required software. 
If you already own a device less than three years old which meets our specifications, your cost may be less. 
