The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
D-14 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER 
THE NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISE LAW 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Disclosure Document, the following provisions 
shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North Dakota: 
 
1. 
Item 17(u) is deleted and is replaced by the following: 
 
(u) Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation 
Section 20.4-20.5 
The site of arbitration or mediation 
is to be agreeable to all parties and 
may not be remote from the 
Franchisee’s place of business. 
 
2. 
Item 17(v) is deleted and is replaced by the following: 
 
(v) Choice of Forum 
Section 20.1 
North Dakota 
 
3. 
Item 17(w) is amended by adding the following sentence in the Summary Section: 
 
“The laws of the state of North Dakota supersede any provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other 
agreements or Delaware law if such provisions are in conflict with North Dakota law.” 
 
4. 
North Dakota has determined that (i) requiring a franchisee to sign a general release upon renewal 
of the Franchise Agreement; (ii) requiring a franchisee to consent to a waiver of trial by jury; and (iii) 
requiring the franchisee to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are unfair, unjust and 
inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
Accordingly, (i) all references to the Franchisee signing a general release upon renewal of the Franchise 
Agreement; (ii) all references to the Franchisee requiring waiver of a jury trial; and (iii) all references 
requiring the franchisee to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are deleted. 
 
5. 
Summary column (r) in Item 17 of the Disclosure Document and Section 16.6(a) of the Franchise 
Agreement prohibit you from soliciting any of your Client or the Clients of any other EOS Franchisee to a 
competitive business for 1 year after termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. Covenants not 
to compete such as those mentioned above are generally considered unenforceable in the State of North 
Dakota. The Commissioner has held that covenants restricting competition are contrary to Section 9-08-06 
of the North Dakota Century Code, and are unfair, unjust, or inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-
09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
