15 
 
9. 
Annual EOS Conference Fee. We hold an annual EOS Conference designed for companies 
operating on EOS. These companies include Clients, businesses that self-implement EOS and their teams. 
Implementers are permitted, but not required, to attend the EOS Conference only if three or more Clients 
of yours attend. The registration fee for each Implementer varies and is determined based on the number of 
your Clients registered for the EOS Conference. If three to five of your Clients attend, you may attend the 
EOS Conference and will be required to pay the full registration fee. If six to nine of your Clients attend, 
you may attend the EOS Conference and will be required to pay half of the registration fee. If ten or more 
of your Clients attend the EOS Conference, you may attend the EOS Conference and will not be charged a 
registration fee. When determining the number of Clients attending, we look at the number of individual 
registrations, therefore, for example, if two individuals from the same organization/Client attend, then they 
will count as two Clients for purposes of determining your qualification and registration fee. We reserve 
the right to revise the Client attendance thresholds. If you qualify to attend the EOS Conference, you will 
be responsible for your own airfare, lodging, and other costs incurred in attending. We reserve the right to 
hold the EOS Conference virtually. 
10. 
Transfer Fee. We may waive a portion of the Transfer Fee upon a transfer resulting from your 
death or disability or for transfers to your spouse, child, parent or sibling.  We will also not charge a Transfer 
Fee for transfers of any existing equity of your Operating Entity to other existing current owners as long as 
there is no change to the Implementer as a result of such transfer, and the Implementer continues to qualify 
with each of the conditions set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  Waiving any portion of the Transfer Fee 
does not limit our rights to approve your transfer. Transferees cannot provide Implementer Services until 
they are approved by us, sign our then-current Franchise Agreement and complete Boot Camp and pay the 
then-current Boot Camp Fee. The Transfer Fee is intended to cover legal and other administrative expenses 
to be incurred by us in connection with these transfers. 
11. 
Management Fee. We also have the right to step in and operate your Franchised Business in certain 
circumstances, including your death, disability or prolonged absence to prevent harmful interruption of 
your Franchised Business. The reimbursable expenses include our and our representatives’ wages, travel, 
lodging and meals. During any management period, you will still be required to pay to us all recurring fees. 
12. 
Insurance Reimbursement. If you fail to comply with our minimum insurance requirements, we 
have the right to obtain and maintain the requisite insurance coverage on your behalf and at your sole 
expense. You must pay us the premium cost of any insurance we obtain on your behalf plus an 
administrative fee of up to twenty percent (20%) of the premium cost for obtaining insurance on your 
behalf. We have the right to increase, or otherwise modify the minimum insurance requirements upon thirty 
(30) days’ prior written notice to you and you must comply with any modification within the time specified 
in the notice. 
13. 
ACH/Credit Card Administration Fees.  If a card payment is declined for any reason or if there 
are not sufficient funds in your account to permit us to debit the account for the payments you owe us, we 
may charge a fee per incident.  Recurring late or non-payments may also be grounds for termination. A 
change fee may be required with submission of new ACH or card submission form. The up to 4% 
convenience fee is intended to help cover our expenses incurred in allowing you to pay fees by card. 
14. 
Practice Management. EOS Implementers currently receive access to Practice Management to 
help build their business, report sessions, and collaborate more effectively with us. Features include (or will 
soon include): (i) contact management; (ii) standardized business development and session e-mail 
templates; (iii) session reporting; (iv) performance dashboard and reporting and (v) additional related 
features. Practice Management+ solution includes (or will soon include) CRM features plus customizable 
options and additional session management tools. Practice Management is currently included in the 
Monthly Membership Fee and   Practice Management+ is an upgraded subscription available for an 
