20 
 
We reserve the right, in the future and at any time, to require you to purchase certain additional 
items exclusively from us, our affiliates or unaffiliated vendors, merchants, or suppliers who sell and 
provide quality and reliable products and services and who we identify in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing (“Approved Suppliers”). We currently as of the date of this Disclosure Document, 
along with BenBella Books, Inc. supply books through our EOS Online Store, and The KalBlue Group and 
Commercial Graphics are currently our exclusive Approved Suppliers for business cards and other 
marketing materials in the United States through our EOS Online Store. Print Three, Breathe Print and 
Kwik Kopy are our Approved Suppliers for business cards and other marketing materials in Canada, 
Europe, and Australia/Pacific, respectively. We also currently provide a proprietary software resource 
called EOS One, which includes Practice Management and Practice Management+, through our affiliate, 
EOS OpCo (i.e., EOS Worldwide, LLC).  Other than as described above, neither we nor our affiliates are 
an Approved Supplier for any other items. 
 
Purchase According to Our Specifications 
 
The following are our current specific obligations for franchisees: 
 
Advertising: All advertising, marketing and other promotional materials, business cards, signs, 
stationery and other marketing or promotional items we designate must bear the Marks in the form, color, 
location and manner we prescribe. In addition, all your advertising, marketing, and other promotional 
efforts that are in any way related to the Franchised Business or that include or otherwise identify any of 
the Marks, in any form or medium, must be conducted in a dignified manner and must conform to our 
Franchise System Standards, the requirements listed in the Operations Manual or otherwise communicated 
by us, and any other branding guidelines and policies we prescribe from time to time. We require that all 
advertising and marketing materials contain our website address and that you prominently identify that the 
business is an independently owned and operated franchise. We and our affiliates reserve the right to be the 
exclusive suppliers for, and to pre-approve any, advertising materials used in the EOS Franchise System. 
There are currently no advertising funds or formal cooperatives in our System. We reserve the right to 
create the Brand Development Fund and require you to contribute to the Brand Development Fund in our 
sole discretion. See Item 11 for more information about advertising. 
 
Insurance Coverage: You also must obtain, before beginning any operations under the Franchise 
Agreement, and maintain in full force and effect at all times during the term of the Franchise Agreement, 
at your own expense, the insurance described in the Franchise Agreement and in our Operations Manual. 
Our current minimum insurance requirements for the United States as of the Issuance Date are:  Commercial 
General Liability insurance and Professional (Errors & Omissions) Liability insurance with no limits no 
less than $1,000,000 for each occurrence and in the aggregate.  Exhibit I to this Disclosure Document 
provides additional details about our required minimum levels of insurance. Under our Franchise 
Agreement, we may change these insurance requirements, upon reasonable notice to you, to conform to 
reasonable local business practices or for other relevant changes in circumstances or for other commercial 
reasonable business reasons we deem appropriate. Our insurance coverage requirements are only minimum 
requirements; franchisees should consult with their insurance agents, brokers, legal counsel and/or other 
insurance advisors to discuss insurance needs on an ongoing basis. 
 
Client Satisfaction and Other Programs: Subject to compliance with applicable law, you must 
institute and honor all EOS network satisfaction, loyalty and promotional programs that we require on the 
terms associated with such network programs, as specified in the Operations Manual, and verify your 
compliance with all such programs in writing at our request. It is especially critical for the goodwill and 
reputation of EOS that all Clients agree the Services received provide value to their businesses. Therefore, 
we require all of our franchisees adhere to our Client satisfaction program (“Client Satisfaction Program”). 
The Client Satisfaction Program requires that franchisees not charge any fee for any session if the Client 
