The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
D-9 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement, as applicable, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and 
sold in the State of Minnesota: 
 
1. 
The following language is added to Item 13 of the Disclosure Document: 
 
“Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the trademarks. As such, the 
Minnesota Department of Commerce requires the Franchisor to indemnify Minnesota franchisees against 
liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the Franchisee’s use of the tradename 
infringes trademark rights of the third party. Franchisor indemnifies Franchisee against the consequences 
of Franchisee’s use of the tradename in accordance with the requirements of the license, and, as a condition 
to indemnification, Franchisee must provide notice to Franchisor of any such claims within ten (10) days 
and tender the defense of the claim to Franchisor. If Franchisor accepts the tender of defense, Franchisor 
has the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise 
resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.” 
 
2. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document: 
 
“With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, 
Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require (except in certain specified cases) (1) that a franchisee be given 90 days’ 
notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non- renewal of the franchise 
agreement and (2) that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.” 
 
“Pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860-4400J, this Section shall not in 
any way abrogate or reduce (1) any of the franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 
80C or (2) franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction.” 
 
“Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit the franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the 
franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.” 
 
“The franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. The franchisor may seek 
injunctive relief and a court will determine if a bond is required. See Minn. Rules 2860.4400J.” 
 
“You may not bring any action under Chapter 80C of the Minnesota Statutes more than three years after 
the cause of action accrues.” 
 
3. 
Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a general 
release. 
