15 
 
 
expenses, and obligations that we may incur related to any of your Personnel (or any person assisting in 
providing the Services or Products or working on behalf of the Franchise) arising out of any claim, cause 
of action, complaint, proceeding (in litigation, arbitration, mediation, administrative process or otherwise) 
relating to your obligations to pay them any compensation or remuneration or otherwise relating to an 
employment relationship. You understand and acknowledge that we are under no obligation or liability to 
you or to any of your Personnel for any remuneration, compensation, commission, benefits, employment 
or any other duty, responsibility, liability or obligation. Your indemnification obligations: (i) include 
reimbursement to us of any and all of our legal fees and costs in defending any such claim from your 
Personnel, (ii) survive expiration or termination of this Agreement, and (iii) extend to our affiliates, 
representatives and agents. 
7. 
OPERATIONS MANUALS AND FRANCHISOR GUIDANCE. 
 
7.1 
Operations Manual.  
 
During the Term, we will provide you with access to our Operations Manual or other guidelines in 
which we designate our Franchise System Standards (which if tangible, is considered a loan to you for the 
Term and if electronic, such access is deemed temporary for the duration of the Term). For purposes of this 
Agreement, our “Operations Manual” means a set of one or more manuals or user guides we make available 
to franchisees in writing (including in electronic format), and includes any written, audio or visual 
guidelines, bulletins, newsletters, worksheets, modules, descriptions, videotapes, audiotapes, magnetic 
media, computer software or instructions concerning Franchise System Standards and other EOS Franchise 
System operational information, including updates, amendments and supplements. The Operations Manual 
may be modified, supplemented, or updated by us from time to time to reflect changes in the Franchise 
System Standards and may be communicated by us, our affiliates, or our designees. Our revisions to the 
Operations Manual will be effective on delivery to you (including via electronic format), unless we specify 
a later effective date for a particular revision. If a tangible copy of the Operations Manual is lost, stolen or 
damaged, you must obtain a replacement from us and we may charge you for such replacement. If a dispute 
develops with respect to the contents of the Operations Manual, the version of the Operations Manual we 
designate (or the master copy we maintain at our principal office) will be controlling. You must keep the 
Operations Manual in a secure location, , which allows access only to those who are bound by duties of 
confidentiality in manner no less restrictive than those in this Agreement. The Operations Manual is our 
property and must be returned to us upon our request. 
7.2 
Guidance and Assistance.  
 
During the Term, we will from time to time furnish you with guidance and assistance with respect 
to Franchise System Standards. This guidance and assistance will be furnished in the form of training 
materials, the Operations Manual, other bulletins and newsletters, written reports and recommendations, 
written or electronic materials (such as within our online training platform), telephone consultations, 
electronic mail, training programs, meetings (such as QCEs), conferences and/or personal consultations. 
Our guidance and assistance generally consists of: 
(a) 
Providing on-going updates of information and programs regarding your 
Franchised Business, EOS and the EOS Franchise System, including, information about improvements or 
modifications to EOS and special or new Services or Products which may be developed and made available 
to franchisees; 
(b) 
Upon your request and subject to availability, providing you with 
recommendations on the layout, floor plan and design for your Session rooms (Session rooms shall however 
be maintained at all times at your expense in a “clean, neat and professional” condition, with all furnishings, 
fixtures and signage in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) and other applicable 
health and safety laws, rules, standards and regulations, and signage shall be posted in the manner we may 
specify from time to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise); 
