27 
 
 
Local Marketing Requirement 
 
There is currently no minimum requirement or spending for local marketing, however, you are 
permitted to conduct local marketing and advertising activities at your own cost and expense and create 
marketing co-ops with fellow franchisees, including sponsoring local peer groups. We may make certain 
marketing assets, including but not limited to customizable marketing collateral, available for utilization in 
these programs. 
 
Advertising Cooperative/Special Marketing Programs 
 
There are currently no advertising cooperatives for the Franchise System. You are not currently 
required to join or participate in any local or region advertising cooperative; however, we may require that 
you participate in cooperative advertising or other special marketing programs in the future. Cooperative 
advertising or other special marketing programs may include select paid media or other advertising as a flat 
fee or minimum percentage of revenue. These cooperative or special marketing programs may vary in 
duration, apply on a local, regional, national, or international basis, or involve clusters or groups of 
franchisees utilizing services on a shared basis. Examples include sales and marketing programs and 
customer satisfaction programs. Programs may be optional for franchisees or we may require participation. 
If we establish franchisor-owned businesses, then they will be required to contribute or participate on the 
same basis as the franchisees. 
If we establish any cooperative advertising or other special marketing programs, your contribution 
along with those from other franchisees will be determined at that time based on factors we deem 
appropriate.  To be consistent with market standards, we would look to limit total annual contributions to 
no more than 1% of average gross session revenues.  While franchisees may not have rights to vote on these 
matters, if we do decide to implement any of these programs, our standard practice is to consult with our 
community leaders, coaches and Expert EOS Implementers, and we may even form an advisory council to 
support us in doing so.  At this time, there are no documents governing these types of marketing programs, 
if and when established, we will make such governing documents available for review upon written request. 
 
Social Media and Internet Advertising 
 
You may wish to use Social Media Platforms (i.e., web-based platforms such as Facebook, X 
(formerly Twitter), LinkedIn or Instagram and other networking and sharing sites) or use Social Media 
Materials (i.e., any material on any Social Media Platform that makes use of our Intellectual Property, 
Marks, name, brand, products or your Franchised Business whether created by us, you or a third-party). 
You are required to comply with  the restrictions and requirements described below in this Item 11 under 
“Websites” and any other Franchise System Standards described in the Franchise Agreement, the 
Operations Manual, or otherwise in writing. You must abide by all official EOS Worldwide brand 
guidelines and best practices, including the designation of your status as a franchisee. You must comply 
with the quality considerations and requirements for your official online profile as outlined in Section 8.2 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Brand Development Fund 
 
We currently do not have a Brand Development Fund (i.e., any national, regional, or international 
marketing fund) for the EOS Franchise System, but we may form a Brand Development Fund in the future 
to promote EOS, the EOS Franchise System and/or its Services and Products and reserve the right to do so 
in the Franchise Agreement. If we form a Brand Development Fund, we anticipate that the terms will be 
consistent with those for marketing funds in other franchise systems, such as: 
