55 
 
 
Accordingly, unless otherwise specified, the word “dollar” and the “$” sign refer to United States Dollars, 
and all amounts to be advanced, paid, tendered or calculated under this Agreement are to be advanced, paid, 
tendered or calculated in United States Dollars. However, from time to time, we may calculate amounts to 
be paid under this Agreement, and we may require or allow you to advance, pay or tender such amounts, in 
currency other than the United States Dollar, which may be your local currency. By way of example, if you 
attend a conference or another event outside of the United States, those conference or registration fees may 
be calculated and charged in the currency where the conference or event takes place, which may not be in 
United States Dollars and also may be different from your local currency. To the extent we calculate or 
require you to pay any amount in a currency other than the United States Dollar, we will provide you notice 
of the US Dollar equivalent for such amount, which may be in the form of an invoice.  We will calculate 
US Dollar equivalents in accordance with our standard processes and policies in effect from time to time 
based on the applicable spot exchange rate. If a payment is transmitted after the date payment is due, we 
may adjust the US Dollar equivalent for your payment if there was a change to the applicable spot exchange 
rate and invoice you for any shortfall.   Our determination of the US Dollar equivalent and any shortfall 
controls, absent manifest error. 
21.15 Acknowledgment.  
 
You acknowledge and represent that: 
We have made no promise or representation to you as to the 
renewal of this Agreement or the grant of a new franchise after 
the end of the Initial Term set forth in Section 2 hereof 
INITIAL HERE: 
Our Franchise Disclosure Document, or “FDD”, has been in 
your possession for at least fourteen (14) days before you signed 
this Agreement and before your payment of any monies to us, 
refundable or otherwise, and that any unilateral, material 
changes to this Agreement were memorialized in writing in this 
Agreement for at least seven (7) days before you signed this 
Agreement, or as otherwise required by state law. 
INITIAL HERE: 
(a) We have advised you to consult with your own legal counsel, 
accountants, or other advisers about the potential benefits and 
risks of entering into this Agreement; and (b) Our legal counsel 
has not advised or represented you with respect to this 
Agreement or the relationship created hereby. 
INITIAL HERE: 
The restrictive covenants in Section 16 of this Agreement are 
fair and reasonable, and will not impose any undue hardship on 
you, since you have other considerable skills, experience, and 
education that afford you the opportunity to derive income from 
other endeavors. 
INITIAL HERE: 
There are no “side-deals”, “side letters” or similar arrangements 
that are different from the understandings expressly contained 
in this Agreement. 
INITIAL HERE: 
Other franchisees of ours have or will be granted franchises at 
different times and in different situations, and that the provisions 
INITIAL HERE: 
