11 
 
 
(d) 
Transfer Taxes are calculated by multiplying the fees payable by you (excluding 
the amount payable as a Transfer Tax) for the taxable supply of goods or services by the prevailing rate. 
(e) 
You shall fully and promptly cooperate with and assist us to provide all 
information and records we may request in connection with any application by us to any taxing authority 
with respect to Transfer Tax credits, exemptions or refunds available for any withholding or other taxes 
paid or payable by you. 
(f) 
If either Franchisee or Franchisor (or any Franchisor affiliate) is required to pay or 
reimburse the other for the whole or any part of any cost, expense, loss or other amount that the other party 
has incurred or will incur in connection with this Transfer Tax liability, the amount to be paid or reimbursed 
is first to be reduced by an amount equal to any input tax credit the other party is entitled to in respect of 
the cost, expense, or loss and then increased in accordance with pursuant to this Section, as applicable. If 
we or our affiliates are required to refund to you any amounts paid hereunder, we and our affiliates will not 
be required to refund that portion of those amounts that were withheld by you in order to comply with any 
applicable tax law unless and until we or our affiliates receive a refund of those amounts from the applicable 
taxing authority thereof, and which is directly attributable to those amounts on us or our affiliates’ income 
or with respect to which the period within which the credit may be reduced or disallowed has expired. 
(g) 
If any uncollected Transfer Tax is or becomes chargeable on any supply of goods 
or services by us or our affiliates under this Agreement, we shall issue you, or cause to be issued to you, an 
invoice and you will pay an amount equal to amount equal to such Transfer Tax in addition to the fees for 
that supply of goods or services (being the fees listed under this Agreement). 
(h) 
To the extent applicable, you agree that you will act as the importer for Tax and 
customs purposes in relation to any goods delivered by us or our affiliates to you in connection with your 
Franchise and will account for import Taxes and duties on those goods as required under applicable law.  
For the avoidance of doubt, you shall (i) be registered for Transfer Tax purposes as required by applicable 
law, (ii) charge and collect all applicable Transfer Taxes on applicable sales, revenue and receipts of any 
kind derived from the operation of the Franchised Business and (iii) properly remit same to the relevant 
taxation authorities.  Required Licenses, as defined in Section 10.5 below, shall include, without limitation, 
any applicable local tax or business registrations necessary to evidence that you are acquiring all products 
and services from us and our affiliates in connection with this Agreement for the purpose of operating your 
Franchise as a business enterprise (as opposed to a consumer) in all applicable jurisdictions.  To claim any 
exemption from applicable Transfer Taxes imposed on the fees or other amounts under this Agreement and 
on services or products furnished to you by us or our affiliates, you must timely provide us with proof of 
exemption as required by applicable law, including applicable tax identification numbers and certifications. 
It is your sole responsibility to make sure that your proof of exemption remains current, and you shall 
indemnify us and our affiliates for any claims for any taxes, including interest and penalties, by any such 
tax or governmental authority or any person or entity acting on behalf of any such authority, for your failure 
to maintain such exempt status.  
4.14 
No Right to Set-Off.  
 
You agree that you shall not, on grounds of the alleged non-performance or default by us of any of 
our obligations under this Agreement, withhold payment of any fee or other amount payable to us under 
this Agreement or otherwise. Notwithstanding any designation by you, we have the right to apply any 
payments to any past due amounts and accrued interest thereon as we see fit in our discretion, subject to 
applicable law. 
5. 
TRAINING. 
 
