27 
 
 
coverage amounts and on the terms set forth in this Agreement and the Operations Manual. 
 
(b) 
The cost of the insurance policies may vary depending on the insurance carrier 
charges, terms of payment, broker commissions, risk profile, deductibles, anticipated or actual business 
volume, and your loss history. The standards and specifications for insurance coverage as set forth in 
this Agreement and in the Operations Manual are intended as “minimum” standards and you must 
review your insurance coverage and policies, and you should consult with your insurance agents, 
brokers, legal counsel or other insurance advisors, to determine if additional coverage is necessary, 
desired or appropriate for your Franchise in addition to the coverage and limits required by us. We do 
not represent or warrant that any insurance that you are required to purchase, or which we procure on 
your behalf, will provide adequate coverage for you. The requirements of insurance specified in this 
Agreement and in the Operations Manual are for our protection. If you believe that you should not be 
required to carry an identified type of insurance or otherwise comply with our minimum insurance 
requirements, you must submit a written waiver request and obtain a written waiver from us. Until such 
time as we notify you in writing of our waiver, you are obligated to comply with all minimum insurance 
requirements. 
 
(c) 
If you fail to obtain or maintain the required insurance coverage, we may purchase 
it for you and require you to pay to us the premium cost plus up to 20% of such costs and expenses as an 
administrative fee for doing so.  We may change or increase insurance requirements, upon reasonable notice 
to you, to conform to reasonable local business practices or other relevant changes in circumstances or for 
other commercially reasonable business reasons we deem appropriate. You must use reasonable efforts to 
ensure that each insurance policy required by us requires the insurer to notify us in writing if the policy is 
cancelled or expires and you must give us at least thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such event 
occurs. The insurance must be primary coverage without the right of contribution from any of our insurance. 
 
(d) 
Insurance policies required under this Agreement and the Operations Manual must 
name, as permitted by applicable law, us, our affiliates and our and their respective officers, directors, 
managers, partners, members, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, and agents as additional insureds, through 
an endorsement or otherwise, as provided in the Operations Manual. Additional insured coverage must also 
be primary without the right of contribution from any of our insurance and must be as broad as the coverage 
provided to the franchisee as the named insured. Additional insured coverage shall include coverage for 
ongoing and completed operations, and shall not be limited to vicarious liability and shall extend to (and 
there shall be no endorsement limiting coverage for) the negligent acts, errors or omissions of us or other 
additional insureds. 
(e) 
Your obligation to obtain and maintain insurance shall not be limited in any way 
by reason of any insurance that may be maintained by us, nor shall the existence or non-existence of any 
insurance relieve you of liability under the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
(f) 
You shall provide, annually, or more frequently if requested by us, evidence of 
insurance showing compliance with our insurance requirements, in the manner we provide in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise designate from time to time. Our receipt, review or verification of certain elements of 
your insurance does not in any way reduce or eliminate your obligations to fully comply with all of the 
insurance requirements set forth in this Agreement and/or in the Operations Manual. It is your sole 
obligation to fully comply with these insurance requirements and it is your sole obligation to confirm with 
your insurance providers that your policies are in compliance. 
 
10.5 
Compliance with Laws and Good Business Practices.  
 
 
You will secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits, approvals and certificates 
relating to the operation of the Franchise including all licenses required to perform the different types of 
