38 
 
 
15.6 
Permitted Transfers.  
(a) 
For Individuals for Planning To Family Members Only.  You may Transfer this 
Agreement to a spouse, child, parent, sibling (each, a “Permitted Transfer”); provided, that in the case of a 
Permitted Transfer, you obtain our prior written consent in the same manner as that required under Section 
15.2 above, except that our consent to any such Permitted Transfer shall not require the payment of a 
Transfer fee as set forth in Section 15.5(e).  
  
(b) 
For Business Entities to Existing Members Only.  As a Business Entity, only 
Transfers of any existing equity of the Business Entity to other existing current owners may qualify as a 
“Permitted Transfer” and may qualify only to the extent that there is no change to the Implementer as a 
result of such Transfer, and the Implementer continues to qualify with each of the conditions set forth in 
Section 2.8 of this Agreement.   
If a proposed Transfer fails to qualify as a Permitted Transfer, then such Transfer shall be subject to the 
conditions set forth to the terms and conditions of this Section 15 of the Franchise Agreement without 
regard to this Section 15.6. 
15.7 
Operation and Transfers Upon Death, Disability or Other Extraordinary 
Circumstances.  
 
Upon your death or disability, you or your executor, administrator, or other personal representative 
must within a reasonable time, not to exceed one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of death or 
disability, Transfer this Agreement to a new Implementer who must be approved by us. For purposes of 
this Agreement, the term “disability” means a mental or physical disability, impairment or condition that is 
reasonably expected to prevent or actually does prevent the Implementer from managing and operating the 
Franchise for an extended period of time. We recognize that our franchisees may also encounter other 
extraordinary circumstances that may require extended time away from their Franchised Business. We may 
also in our reasonable discretion create a policy that is intended to provide franchisees with an ability to 
request a leave of absence or hiatus for those extraordinary circumstances that may or may not qualify as a 
disability. Leaves of absence or other hiatuses, as applicable, may be granted on a case-by-case basis, in 
our sole discretion, subject to applicable law. Pending the Transfer to a new Implementer as provided above 
or return from a leave of absence or hiatus, as the case may be, if, in our judgment, the Franchise is not 
being managed properly, we have the right, but not the obligation, to exercise our Step-In Rights pursuant 
to Section 17.5(b) below during any such period. A failure to timely Transfer this Agreement to a new 
Implementer within such 180-day period or to timely return from a granted leave of absence or hiatus 
constitutes a material breach of this Agreement. Any Transfer of this Agreement as a result of any such 
death or disability, including, without limitation, Transfers by bequest or inheritance, will be subject to all 
of the terms and conditions applicable to Transfers contained in this Section; provided, however, that we 
will waive the Transfer fee required under Section 15.5(e) for the initial Transfer as a result of a death or 
disability. 
15.8 
Effect of Consent to Transfer. 
 
(a) 
Our consent to a Transfer of this Agreement and the Franchise or any interest in 
you shall not constitute a waiver of any claims we may have against you, nor shall it be deemed a waiver 
of our right to demand compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Further, our consent to a Transfer of 
this Agreement and the Franchise or any interest in you does not constitute a representation as to the fairness 
of the terms of any contract between you and the transferee, a guarantee of the prospects of success of the 
Franchise or transferee or a waiver of any claims we may have against you or of our right to demand the 
transferee’s exact compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. 
 
