20 
 
 
for your use in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business in accordance with this Agreement. 
(b) 
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and industry standard 
best practices with respect to Client Data, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and including 
specifically, Section 8.5 below. It is your responsibility to determine the data privacy laws applicable to 
you and your Franchise. We expressly disclaim knowledge of the data privacy laws applicable to you and 
your Franchise.  Notwithstanding any other provision, we may use an individual's own Personal Information 
(as defined below) to the extent directed by, consented to or requested by such individual.  You shall 
promptly notify us if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorized access to any Client Data or other 
Personal Information, or if you become the subject of any governmental, regulatory or other enforcement 
or private proceeding relating to your data handling practices. You shall promptly carry out at your cost 
and expense any request from us with respect to Client Data or other applicable Personal Information related 
to your Franchised Business that is reasonably necessary to allow us to comply with data privacy laws 
applicable to us regarding processing, storage, handling, collection, use, disclosure, transfer and 
transmission of Client Data and such other Personal Information. 
(c) 
You must use reasonable physical, organizational, and technological security 
measures that are appropriate having regard to the sensitivity of the information to protect Client Data and 
other Personal Information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, 
modification or disposal.  You must at all times be compliant with all applicable legal requirements 
including: (i) PCI (as defined below) standards, norms, requirements and protocols, including PCI Data 
Security Standard; (ii) the NACHA ACH Security Framework; (iii) the operating rules and regulations of 
all credit card and merchant services providers; (iv) local, state, provincial, federal, national or international 
laws, codes or regulations relating to data privacy, data security, cyber security and security breaches; and 
(v) our and our affiliates’ data privacy and security policies and guidelines, all as they may be amended 
from time to time.  If there is a conflict between our standards and policies pertaining to Applicable Privacy 
Law (as defined below) and other applicable law, you shall: (1) comply with the requirements of applicable 
law; (2) immediately give us written notice of said conflict; and (3) promptly and fully cooperate with us 
and our counsel as we may request to assist us in our determination regarding the most effective way, if 
any, to meet its standards and policies pertaining to Applicable Privacy Law. 
 
8.4 
PCI Compliance.  
 
 
If you accept credit card payments, you are required to maintain your credit card processing 
hardware and software in compliance with the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standard. It 
is your responsibility to maintain and report your PCI compliance, which encompasses operational policies 
and practices as well as networks and computer hardware/software used to process credit card transactions, 
as well as attesting that you are abiding by (i) the PCI Data Security Standard enacted by the applicable 
card associations (as they may be modified from time to time or as successor standards are adopted); and 
(ii) all other security standards and guidelines that may be published from time to time by payment card 
companies and/or enacted by law, and are applicable to customer credit card and debit card information. If 
you know or suspect a security breach, you must immediately notify both your credit card transaction 
acquirer and us. You assume all responsibility for providing notice of breach or compromise, along with 
duties and costs associated with fraudulent transactions, penalties, and ongoing fees for monitoring 
customer credit card histories and/or transactions for affected Clients of your Franchise. 
 
8.5 
Privacy Compliance. 
 
(a) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
 “Anti Spam Law” means the Can-Spam Act of 2003, the Telephone 
Consumer Protection Act of 1991, as well as any other applicable law regulating 
