 
B-6 
 
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, 
Md. Code Ann., Bus. Reg. §§14-201-14-233, the Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, 
LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
2. Dispute Resolution. The following language is added to Section 20 of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
“Franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising out of the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. All claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law (Md. Code Bus. Reg., Sections 14-201 through 14-233) shall be commenced within 
three (3) years after the grant of the franchise.” 
 
3. Bankruptcy. Section 17.2(d), which terminates the Franchise Agreement upon the bankruptcy of 
Franchisee, may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq). 
 
4. Governing Law. The Franchise Agreement requires that the Franchise be governed by the laws of 
the State of Delaware; however, in the event of a conflict of laws to the extent required by the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the laws of the State of Maryland shall 
prevail. 
 
5. Jurisdiction and Venue. The Franchise Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in the State 
of Delaware; the requirement shall not limit any rights Franchisee may have under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to bring suit in the State of Maryland. 
 
6. Arbitration. The Franchise Agreement requires arbitration to be conducted in the State of Michigan; 
the requirement shall not limit any rights Franchisee may have under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law to bring suit in the State of Maryland. 
 
7. Limitations of Claims. Any Section of the Franchise Agreement or any questionnaire requiring 
Franchisee to assent to any release, estoppel or waiver of liability as a condition of purchasing the 
Franchise are not intended to, nor shall they act as a, release, estoppel or waiver of any liability 
incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under 
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law may be brought within three (3) years 
after the grant of the Franchise. 
 
8. EOS Surety Bond. A surety bond has been obtained by Franchisor. The Maryland Securities 
Commissioner has made the issuance of Franchisor’s permit contingent upon the Franchisor 
maintaining surety bond coverage acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all Maryland franchisees 
have (i) received all initial training that they are entitled to under the franchise agreement or 
Franchise Disclosure Document, and (ii) are open for business; or (b) the Administrator issues 
written authorization to the contrary. 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR MARYLAND FRANCHISEES ONLY (PLEASE SEE SECTION 21.6 OF THE FRANCHISE 
