9 
 
 
this fee from time to time in connection with certain partnerships or other opportunities that may generate 
speaking opportunities. 
4.7 
Boot Camp Fee.  
 
You must pay us a fee to attend Boot Camp (the “Boot Camp Fee”), our initial training program.  
The Boot Camp Fee is Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000).  Upon execution of this Agreement, you 
must pay us the Boot Camp Fee in cash by wire transfer or ACH.   The Boot Camp Fee is deemed fully 
earned upon payment and is non-refundable under any circumstances. 
4.8 
Start-up Fees.  
 
Prior to commencing operations of the Franchised Business, you will pay to us or affiliates or 
applicable third-party Approved Suppliers, a one-time fee representing the purchase price for our start-up 
package of inventory. Your requirement to purchase a start-up package is set forth in Section 7.2(h) of this 
Agreement. 
4.9 
Definition of Gross Revenue.  
 
For purposes of Section 4.5 and Section 4.6 of this Agreement, the term “Gross Revenue” shall 
mean the gross amount all revenues and all other income of any type or nature generated or received from 
a Client or third party in connection with the Warm Lead or Speaking Engagement, as applicable, in 
whatever form and from whatever source, including but not limited to cash, services in-kind from barter 
and/or exchange, on credit or otherwise, without deduction for expenses, income related taxes or any other 
liability. Each charge or sale upon credit, even if payable in installments, shall be treated as generated for 
the full price upon the completion of the first Session or Speaking Engagement in which the fee relates, 
irrespective of whether you receive payment at a later date (whether full or partial). Gross Revenue 
specifically excludes (a) refunds, credits, and other monetary allowances issued in good faith and (b) sales 
and equivalent taxes collected for or on behalf of governmental taxing authorities and paid thereto. 
4.10 
Manner of Payment.  
 
The Initial Franchise Fee and the Boot Camp Fee are payable in cash by wire transfer, ACH or such 
other form of payment reasonably acceptable to us. Any other fees including the Membership Fee, are 
payable in cash via ACH or through such other payment methods we accept from time to time. Credit or 
debit card payments, if applicable and permitted, will require you to provide card information authorizing 
us, our affiliates, or our third-party payment processor to maintain your account information and to charge 
your card for all applicable fees, including those for your recurring fees (e.g., Monthly Membership Fees) 
with no further action required by you. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee for 
credit card payments to the extent permitted by applicable law. As a condition to accepting payments by 
credit or debit card, you agree to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law to waive any rights you may 
have under applicable law or credit card issuer procedures, to request a credit (or chargeback) from your 
credit or debit card issuer for disputed charges arising from transactions related to this Agreement.  Any 
disputes regarding any credit or debit card charges shall be addressed with us directly in accordance with 
the IDR procedures set forth in Section 20.3 below.  For ACH or similar payments using your bank account, 
you shall maintain an account at a national banking institution reasonably acceptable to us, allowing us to 
electronically withdraw applicable fees due to us or our affiliates from the account, and must maintain a 
balance in this account sufficient to allow us, our affiliates or our processors to collect all such amounts 
owed when due. If required by us, you must sign our standard payment authorization form(s) to authorize 
and direct to the transfer of such funds to us or our affiliates, and shall execute such additional documents 
as may be reasonably requested by us or your financial institution to evidence such authorization. If you 
desire to change your payment method on file, you must provide us with at least thirty (30) days prior 
written notice by completing an updated draft authorization with the updated account information. We 
reserve the right to assess a reasonable fee upon each such change request to help offset costs we may incur 
in administering your change request. 
