46 
 
Provision 
Section 
in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
a. 
Length of the franchise term 2.2 
Five (5) year term ending on the last day of the calendar month 
following your five-year anniversary. 
b. Renewal or extension of the 
term 
2.3 
The franchise may be renewed for up to two 3-year year terms if you
are in good standing and we are still in the business of offering and
selling new EOS Worldwide franchises. 
c. 
Requirements for franchisee 
to renew or extend 
2.3 
Requirements include: (i) you provide us the prior notice required in 
the Franchise Agreement; (ii) you complete, to our satisfaction all
maintenance and upgrading necessary we require; (iii) you are in good 
standing; (iv); you satisfy all monetary obligations you owe us, our
affiliates, and our Approved Suppliers; (v) you execute our then-
current form of Franchise Agreement; (vi) you satisfy our then-current
requirements for new franchisees and our training requirements; (vii)
you and your applicable co-owners sign a general release; and (viii)
we are still in the business of offering and selling new EOS franchises.
The then-current standard Franchise Agreement may contain
materially different terms and conditions than your original Franchise
Agreement. 
d. Termination by franchisee 
17.1 
You may terminate at any time with 60 days’ prior written notice. 
You may also terminate prior to registering for Boot Camp with at least
10 days’ prior written notice. 
To do so, you and your applicable co-owners must execute a full
release and you must be in good standing and must pay your monthly
fees until your termination date. Except as described above, you are
not entitled to any refunds of any fees. 
Provisions regarding termination by us are subject to state law. 
e. Termination by franchisor 
without cause 
Not 
Applicable 
We may not terminate without cause. 
f. 
Termination by franchisor 
with cause 
17.2-17.3 
Each of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement is a material 
and essential obligation, the breach of which may result in 
termination. 
