7 
 
 
services under trademarks other than the Marks. We and our affiliates reserve the right to enter into any 
marketing partnerships or programs that could be local, regional, national or international in scope, and 
could also be digital in nature through the Internet, and provide the same Products and Services your 
Franchised Business will offer and sell. 
3.4 
Alternative Channels of Distribution.  
 
In addition to those retained rights described in Section3.3, you understand and acknowledge that 
we and our affiliates retain the right, in our sole discretion, to sell the Services or Products under the Marks 
in the same manner as offered by the EOS Worldwide franchises or in any other manner we determine in 
our sole discretion. Our rights include the ability to sell the Materials, Products and Services through all 
channels of distribution such as through our Website and our online store (referred to herein as our “EOS 
Online Store”), or through mobile application(s), e-commerce, retail or wholesale stores, catalog sales, 
telemarketing or other channels of distribution (together, “Alternative Channels of Distribution”) and retain 
all the profits from such activities. We also reserve the right to develop software or other similar programs 
or products to distribute through Alternative Channels of Distribution; however, if we do, we may permit 
you to engage in revenue sharing for such products in which we share the revenue collected with you in a 
manner we determine, and as further described in the Operations Manual. Unless we provide prior 
permission, you may not use Alternative Channels of Distribution to make sales and you will not receive 
any compensation for our sales through Alternative Channels of Distribution. 
4. 
FEES AND PAYMENT. 
 
4.1 
Initial Franchise Fee.  
 
In consideration of the Franchise granted to you by us, you must pay us the initial franchise fee of 
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) (the “Initial Franchise Fee”). The Initial Franchise Fee is payable in cash 
by wire transfer or ACH upon the execution of this Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee is deemed fully 
earned upon payment and is non-refundable under any circumstances. The Initial Franchise Fee is payment, 
in part, for expenses incurred by us and our affiliates in furnishing assistance and services to you as set 
forth in this Agreement and for costs incurred by us, including costs incurred in offering and selling 
franchises, franchise sales and marketing activities to promote the sale of a franchise to qualified 
franchisees, our participation in the franchise sales process, legal compliance with franchise laws and 
regulations, the development and hosting of training programs, marketing expenses, legal, accounting and 
other professional fees. 
4.2 
Monthly Membership Fees.  
 
In addition to the Initial Franchise Fee, you will pay to us or our affiliates for each full or partial 
month during the Term, our then-current monthly membership fee for your applicable Tier, in consideration 
of your use of the Marks, Intellectual Property and System (the “Membership Fee”). As of April 1, 2025, 
the Membership Fees in the United States are as follows: (i) for the Professional Tier, Legacy Tier and 
Emeritus Tier, $1,395 per month; (ii) for the Certified Tier, $1,495 per month; and (iii) for the Expert Tier, 
$1,695 per month, and the Membership Fee in each case is not refundable under any circumstances.  We 
reserve the right at any time to increase the Membership Fee on thirty (30) days’ written notice to you, 
provided that we will not increase the Membership Fee more than once in any calendar year, and any 
incremental fee increase will not exceed $200 per month during your current Term. If you request, and we 
approve, your qualification as a different Tier, then you will commence paying the then-current 
Membership Fee for the new Tier designation in the first full month after we approve the changed Tier 
designation. The Membership Fee is payable monthly in advance beginning on the first (1st) day of the 
month of your scheduled Boot Camp and continuing each month thereafter on such date and in such manner 
as we may designate; provided, that if for any reason you fail to sign up for a Boot Camp scheduled to occur 
within the initial 6-month period from the Effective Date of this Agreement and your franchise is not 
terminated (see Section 10.6 below), your Membership Fee will begin on the first day of the month 
