24 
 
 
any provision of this Agreement, or your use of any confusingly similar method, format, procedure, 
technique, system, name, trade dress, mark, symbol, emblem, slogan, insignia, term, designation, design, 
diagram, promotional material or course material, during or after the Term, shall cause irreparable injury 
to our affiliates and us and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement, and shall entitle our 
affiliates and us to obtain temporary, preliminary, interlocutory or permanent injunctive relief or other 
applicable emergency relief, as applicable, from a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, and to recover 
court costs, reasonable expenses of litigation, reasonable legal fees, and any other appropriate remedies. 
 
(f) 
We maintain the ownership rights or interest in any Client lists, and lists of 
potential leads or prospects compiled by you after signing this Agreement or otherwise as part of your 
operation of the Franchise (the “Lists”), and hereby license such Lists back to you without charge solely 
for your use in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business in accordance with this Agreement. 
Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, we retain ownership of all Lists. 
9.2 
Translations and Derivative Materials.  
(a) 
You acknowledge that we own the worldwide copyright and all intellectual 
property rights and other ownership rights to the Operations Manual, and all components of the EOS System 
that are media subject to copyright or other intellectual property rights (referred to above as the 
“Materials”). You further acknowledge and agree that you may only make translations, copies, or 
adaptations of or modifications to the Materials upon receiving our prior written consent, which may be 
withheld in our sole discretion and subject to additional terms and conditions, or to the extent that you have 
non-excludable rights to do so under applicable laws.  You are solely responsible in determining whether 
local applicable law requires the translation of any Materials into the local language before use.  
(b) 
You will provide us with a copy of any translations of the Materials promptly, and 
you may not use any such translations without our prior written approval. You will bear the cost of such 
translations and will hold confidential all such translations to the same extent as the EOS original materials.  
We may require that you use our Approved Suppliers to translate any materials. 
(c) 
You acknowledge that as between you and us, we (or our affiliates) will own the 
copyright and all other rights to translations, modifications, or adaptations of or to the Materials (whether 
or not made in violation of this Agreement). Without limiting the generality of Section 9.1 above, you 
hereby assign to us and our affiliates, as applicable, all copyright and economic rights and waive any moral 
rights and similar rights with respect to the copyright in the translated, modified or adapted Materials, and 
agree to execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance and do such acts and things 
as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary or advisable in furtherance of such assignment and 
waiver, and you will require the same assignment, waiver and covenant in favor of us and our affiliates by 
your Personnel and by any independent contractors or other third parties who translate, modify or adapt the 
Materials.  
(d) 
You agree to use proper copyright and other proprietary notices in connection with 
all Materials or translations, modifications, or adaptations of the Materials and conform to our standards 
for protecting our and our affiliates’ rights. 
 
9.3 
Infringements and Claims.  
 
 
You must notify us immediately in writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your 
use of any Mark or Intellectual Property, or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or Intellectual 
Property or similar copyright, trade name, trademark or service mark of which you become aware. You 
must not communicate with anyone except us and our legal counsel in connection with any such 
infringement, challenge or claim. We have sole discretion to take whatever action we deem appropriate. 
We have the sole right to control exclusively any action by or in front of the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
