33 
 
you will progress through our Implementer Development Program which currently includes separate 
programs for Certified EOS Implementers, Expert EOS Implementers and QCEs.  You may too be able to 
serve as a contributor or coach in our Implementer Development Program.  There is no additional cost to 
participate in our Implementer Development Program, however, certain workshops may carry an additional 
fee.  See Item 6 for more information. While you will not have an assigned coach after your 180 Day sprint, 
you will have access to various experienced Implementers that will support you through your journey with 
EOS.    
 
Additional Training 
 
At your request, and subject to our availability, we may provide additional training for specific 
areas of interest such as: coaching, ongoing breakouts, and other support packages as we make available 
from time to time at our discretion (“Additional Training”). Current programs include, for Professional 
Implementers, our Mentality Workshop, Practicality Workshop, and other Professional workshops focused 
on learning and facilitating with our EOS tools; for Certified Implementers, our Certified Celebration 
Workshop, Certified Mastery Sessions, and 300 Mastery Sessions; and for Expert Implementers, the Expert 
Sanctuary, among others.  We may charge you our then-current fee for any Additional Training. Our current 
fee ranges from $995 to $10,000, but we reserve the right to increase these fees. In addition to our training 
fees, you must reimburse us for any reasonable travel or related costs and expenses we incur in providing 
you with Additional Training. You are also responsible for your own costs and expenses incurred in 
attending Additional Training, including travel, lodging and miscellaneous costs, where applicable. 
Additional training or refresher courses are not required, except in the event of a renewal or transfer of the 
Franchised Business, and may change from time to time. 
 
Remedial Training 
 
If you are in default under the Franchise Agreement or if we determine in our sole discretion that 
you are in violation of Franchise System Standards (including any failure to meet the requirements to 
maintain your Professional Implementer status), or we feel training is otherwise necessary to protect the 
quality, reputation or integrity of the EOS Franchise System, Marks, or our Intellectual Property, then we 
may require you attend mandatory remedial training or assistance and you must pay our then-current fees 
and expenses of $995-$10,000, as further outlined in Item 6. (Section 5.2 Franchise Agreement). In addition 
to our training fees, you must reimburse us for any reasonable travel or related costs and expenses we incur 
in providing you with Remedial Training. 
 
We may also require completion of Remedial Training (in lieu of Boot Camp) for former, non- 
active Implementers who sign a Franchise Agreement. 
 
QCEs 
 
Currently, we organize and offer numerous Quarterly Collaborative Exchanges (QCEs) annually. 
QCEs, our quarterly continuing education conferences for Implementers in our franchise system, are an 
opportunity to gain practical, useful insight for implementing EOS, operating your Franchised Business, 
working with entrepreneurial leadership teams, and managing and servicing your Clients. QCEs allow a 
comprehensive exchange of ideas, recommendations, suggestions, best practices, tips and advice based on 
the combined experiences of Implementers in the Franchise Model. 
 
We currently hold numerous QCEs per year. Your Monthly Membership Fee includes your 
registration for one QCE per quarter. We typically only host one QCE during the first quarter of each 
calendar year, but we typically hold multiple QCEs each other quarter throughout the remainder of the year. 
If you request to attend more than one QCE in a quarter, you will be required to pay the then-current 
