3 
 
advertising and promotional programs, and procedures for operations, management and financial control 
all of which is identified by our principal trademark “EOS” and other names and marks (collectively, the 
“Marks”) and other Intellectual Property we now or in the future may designate in writing for use in 
connection with the EOS Franchise System which are described in more detail below in Item 13. We may 
periodically make changes to the EOS Franchise System, including changes to the Services and Products 
offered (including EOS) and our methods, tools, software, training materials and other requirements. You 
may have to make additional investments in the Franchised Business periodically during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement if those kinds of changes are made or for other reasons. To ensure that Clients receive 
the consistent quality of Services and Products associated with EOS, all Franchised Businesses must be 
operated to EOS Franchise System specifications and standards. 
We currently categorize “full-time “operating Implementers into three different tiers, 
“Professional”, “Certified” or “Expert”, as further described in Item 6 and Item 12. We also have created 
separate tiers, “Legacy” and “Emeritus”, for Implementers who are transitioning into retirement but would 
like to remain part of our EOS Implementer Community. All new Implementers to the EOS Franchise 
System that complete Boot Camp are designated initially as a “Professional EOS Implementer” and pay the 
same initial franchise fee and the same Boot Camp Fee, to receive our proprietary and comprehensive 
training program described in Item 11. However, each tier pays a different set monthly fee (in lieu of a 
traditional royalty), as further described in Item 6. Tier designations govern: (1) the lists of Products and 
Services offered by the Franchised Business; (2) the level and amount of training received and experience 
with implementing EOS as an EOS Implementer; (3) the opportunities to market and advertise your 
Franchised Business and your tier within the EOS Franchise System; (4) requirements to maintain levels of 
proficiency for your tier and (5) other rights and features described in this Disclosure Document and the 
Operations Manual (as defined in Item 8). We may require that Implementers obtain designated 
certifications or meet certain qualifications to be eligible for a tier, and we may change or modify those 
standards from time to time at our discretion. 
You must sign our form of Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Agreement”), in the form attached to 
this Disclosure Document as Exhibit A.  If you operate your franchise using a legal entity, then your entity 
(the “Operating Entity” or as referred to in the Franchise Agreement, your “Business Entity”) must either 
sign the Franchise Agreement or otherwise agree to abide by the terms of the Franchise Agreement by 
signing our form of Joinder to Franchise Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit C to the Franchise 
Agreement. An Operating Entity may have multiple owners, equity holders, shareholders, partners or 
members, but you must act as the sole decisionmaker and point person for the Operating Entity and only 
you may provide EOS Services to Clients as the “EOS Implementer” (or “Implementer”) and therefore only 
you may attend our Implementer trainings. If you use an Operating Entity for your Franchised Business, 
you must own and control the Operating Entity (with at least a 51% ownership interest unless we permit 
otherwise). You may also determine that you want or need additional operators, managers, employees, 
personnel or administrative staff to assist you in operating the Franchised Business, but these individuals 
may not provide functions required by an Implementer, including providing any Clients with 
implementation Services as described in the Operations Manual (“Implementer Services”). 
Currently, we allow franchisees to operate their Franchised Businesses without any physical 
location.  This means you may operate your Franchised Business from a home office or any other location 
you choose. Many franchisees rent, lease or acquire space or shared space containing session rooms to meet 
with Clients. You may decide to do so at your discretion. We do not provide support or required 
specifications or standards for any office or acquired space and we do not review or approve any real estate 
agreements, such as a lease. However, we may at our discretion provide you with recommendations on the 
layout, floor plan and design for your session rooms, upon request.  However, you are required to make 
sure your session rooms and any other EOS business premises comply with applicable laws and reflect a 
professional atmosphere consistent with our Franchise System Standards (as defined in Item 8 below). We 
