26 
 
 
to the successful operation of such franchise owner’s business. We may grant to one (1) or more franchisees 
variations from standard specifications and practices as we determine in our sole and unrestricted discretion, 
and we shall have no obligation to grant you like or similar variations. You acknowledge that, over time, 
we have entered, and will continue to enter, into agreements with other franchisees that may contain 
provisions, conditions and obligations that differ from those contained in this Agreement. The existence of 
different forms of agreement does not in and of itself affect our or your duties to comply with the terms of 
this Agreement. 
10. 
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. 
 
10.1 
Methods.  
 
You must follow our Franchise System Standards when marketing and selling the Products and 
Services (including but not limited to, conducting Sessions and meetings) and must only market the 
Products and Services we have authorized you to offer and sell. You must not make any misrepresentations 
to prospective Clients regarding EOS, the Products, Services, or concerning the Franchise or the EOS 
Franchise System. Moreover, you must not alter, modify, change or misrepresent the Products or the 
Services or their marketing materials in any manner whatsoever. Accordingly, you will not disseminate any 
information, or represent to prospective Clients or others, any information that conflicts with any of the 
materials we provide you to assist in the sale of the Services or we approve for use by you in the marketing 
and selling of Services and Products. 
10.2 
Record Keeping.  
 
You must keep and maintain full, complete, and accurate books, records and accounts in accordance 
with reasonable standards required by us from time to time, including, full, complete, and accurate records 
of (i) your meetings and Sessions held with Clients both solicited on your own and Warm Leads; and (ii) 
all Products sold or provided, or Services sold or rendered. The records must include whatever information 
we consider necessary (and will include information relating to meetings, follow-up calls, etc.) in such 
format as we may prescribe in the Operations Manual. We may require you to complete and transmit to us 
periodic reports detailing your activities as provided in the Operations Manual, including additional 
information we may request from time to time in order to ensure that you satisfy your Minimum 
Performance Requirements (as defined in Section 10.16 below) or to prepare a financial performance 
representation for our franchise disclosure document(s). All reports and other records or information 
provided to us in connection with this Agreement shall be in the English language, unless otherwise agreed 
by us in writing. We may require that you use our proprietary software or systems, if created, to store this 
information. Such books, records, and accounts shall comply in all material respects with all requirements 
of all applicable laws and requirements of all applicable governmental authorities, and shall be retained 
during the term of your Franchise (including applicable renewals and extension thereof) and for at least 
seven (7) years thereafter (unless otherwise required or prohibited by applicable law). 
10.3 
Delegation.  
 
Although you may delegate some of your administrative duties under this Agreement to your other 
Personnel, you remain fully responsible for your performance and only the Implementer is permitted to 
hold Sessions, meet with Clients and perform the Services. You must use your best efforts to ensure that 
the Personnel or other persons acting on your behalf do not cause you to breach this Agreement or fail to 
meet the EOS standards. 
10.4 
Insurance. 
 
(a) 
You are required to procure prior to providing any Implementer Services to 
Clients, and maintain at all times during the Term and therefore, as required, at your sole cost and expense, 
valid, effective and collectible commercial insurance coverage for your Franchised Business that is 
consistent with industry standards for business coaches, with at a minimum, the types and minimum 
