24 
 
 
Before you commence operations of your Franchised Business we or our designee will: 
 
1. 
Help onboard you as a new franchisee/Implementer and will provide you with your 180 
Day Sprint Coach to help you prepare for Boot Camp and beyond (See “Implementer Development” under 
the Training Program below).   
 
2. 
Provide our Boot Camp training program to you. This training is described in detail later 
in this Item 11. (Section 5 Franchise Agreement). 
 
3. 
Provide you with information regarding sources for supplies, signs, and other products and 
services for your Franchised Business, including a list of Approved Suppliers, as applicable. We do not 
deliver or install any of these items. We provide written specifications for these items and this information 
is described in greater detail in Item 8. (Section 7.3 Franchise Agreement). 
 
4. 
Provide you with access to our Operations Manual and other guidelines which designate 
our Franchise System Standards and operating techniques of the Franchised Business, and which we will 
update from time to time. (Section 7 Franchise Agreement). If the Operations Manual or such other 
guidelines are in tangible form, our provision to you shall be considered a loan, and if electronic, such 
access shall be deemed temporary. Your rights to use and access to our Operations Manual and such other 
materials will terminate on the termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement. 
 
5. 
Provide you access to our online training platform that serves as our training and 
communication platform for the EOS Implementer Community, as well as other applicable EOS systems 
we own or control and make available to franchisees. (Section 7.2(g) Franchise Agreement). Your rights to 
use and access our online training platform and such other EOS systems will terminate on the termination 
or expiration of your Franchise Agreement.  
6. 
Upon request and subject to availability, provide you access to our optional Warm Leads 
Program. (Section 4.5 Franchise Agreement). 
 
7. 
Provide you with a start-up package or initial inventory of training binders, other Materials 
and marketing collateral, at the time you commence operations, to assist with the establishment and 
operation of the Franchised Business, the size and composition of any such start-up package or in initial 
inventory and corresponding fees may vary depending on your business, location and other factors. The 
costs for these materials are not included in the Initial Franchise Fee or Boot Camp Fee. 
 
We do not provide any assistance with respect to hiring your employees. Unless requested by you, 
we do not provide training to your employees and we reserve the right to not train your employees upon 
request. As a reminder, your Franchised Business is independently-owned and operated meaning that while 
we require you to follow our Franchise System Standards, we do not control you or any of your personnel. 
We also do not provide any site selection assistance. 
 
Ongoing Assistance 
 
After you attend and satisfactorily complete Boot Camp and commence operations, we will: 
 
1. 
Provide you with one dedicated EOS e-mail address for you and one dedicated EOS e-mail 
address for an administrative employee of your Franchised Business, if applicable, that you must use in 
connection with the operation of the Franchised Business. (Section 7.2(e) Franchise Agreement). 
 
2. 
List your Franchise in our online directory of EOS Worldwide businesses as your EOS 
