34 
 
 
Business under this Agreement, including Transfer Taxes required under Section 4.13 and applicable law.  
Without limiting the provisions hereof, you shall be solely liable for the payment of all taxes and shall 
indemnify us and hold us and our affiliates harmless for the full amount of all such taxes and for any liability 
(including penalties, interest and expenses) arising from or concerning the payment of taxes or the failure 
to timely remit them to the appropriate taxing authority, whether such taxes were correctly or legally 
asserted or not.  Upon our request you shall submit a copy of all tax filings sent to federal, provincial and 
municipal tax authorities to us within ten (10) business days of our request. 
(b) 
The terms “tax(es)” means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, or 
other charges of whatever nature, including any interest or penalties thereon, imposed by any government 
or political subdivision of such government on or relating to the operation of the Franchised Business, the 
payment of monies, taxes imposed on the Membership Fees paid to us, or the exercise of rights granted 
pursuant to this Agreement, whether imposed upon you or us, and include specifically, applicable Transfer 
Taxes. 
(c) 
In the event of any bona fide dispute as to your liability or obligations for taxes 
assessed or other indebtedness, you may contest the validity or the amount of the taxes or indebtedness in 
accordance with the procedures of the taxing authority or applicable law.  However, in no event shall you 
permit a tax sale or seizure by levy of execution or similar writ or warrant or attachment by a creditor to 
occur against the premises of the Franchised Business or any improvements thereon. 
(d) 
We will have no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, excise, gross 
receipts, income, payroll, property, withholding or other taxes in connection with the business you conduct 
(except any Transfer Taxes we are required by law to collect from you with respect to purchases from us, 
subject to Section 4.13). Payment of all such taxes is your responsibility. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
 
13.1 
By You. 
 
(a) 
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, our affiliates and our and 
our affiliates’ respective members, directors, officers, owners, employees, agents, contractors, advisors, 
successors and assignees (each an “Indemnified Party” and collectively the “Indemnified Parties”) against 
and to reimburse each Indemnified Party for all losses, expenses, judgments, settlements, claims, liabilities, 
investigations, reasonable legal fees, costs (including, without limitation, expert witness fees, court costs, 
accounting fees, travel and living expenses) and damages arising out of any claim directly or indirectly 
related to the operation of your Franchise or your Franchised Business, or arising out of a breach of this 
Agreement or any other agreement you sign with us or any affiliate of ours in connection with your 
Franchise as well as any and all of your obligations to file and pay taxes described in this Agreement; 
provided, however, that you shall not be required to hold harmless or indemnify us for any losses relating 
to any claim to the extent such losses arise out of our gross negligence or willful misconduct. This indemnity 
will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration, transfer, or 
termination of this Agreement. Under no circumstances will we or any other Indemnified Party be required 
to seek recovery from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise to mitigate our, their or your losses and 
expenses. You agree that a failure to pursue such recovery or mitigate a loss will in no way reduce or alter 
the amounts we or another Indemnified Party may recover from you. 
 
(b) 
We have the right to retain counsel of our own choosing in connection with any 
claim, investigation or other proceeding that may give rise to a claim for indemnification from you in this 
Agreement. In order to protect our reputation and goodwill or the reputation or goodwill of others, we have 
the right to, at any time and with or without notice, take such remedial or corrective actions as we deem 
