42 
 
 
Franchises, including, but not limited to any action or statement intended, directly or indirectly, to benefit 
any of our competitors. The foregoing however shall not apply to any judicial, arbitration or other dispute 
resolution process in connection with any litigation, mediation, arbitration or administrative or other judicial 
proceeding arising under any claim brought in connection with this Agreement, or when compelled to 
testify under oath by subpoena, regulation or court order. This provision survives forever. 
16.8 
Equitable Relief.  
 
Due to our interest in the Confidential Information and Client goodwill, you agree that damages 
cannot fully compensate us if you breach this Section 16 of this Agreement. Thus, if you breach Section 16 
of this Agreement, we are entitled to an injunction restraining you from any further breach and other 
equitable relief. We may obtain the injunction without bond and without notice. Your only remedy if such 
an injunction is issued is its dissolution, if warranted, upon an appropriate hearing. You waive any claims 
for damages as a result of the obtaining of any such injunction. 
16.9 
Extension of Time Period.  
 
The time period during which you are to refrain from the activities described in this Section 16, 
will be extended by any length of time during which you are in breach of the relevant provisions of this 
Section 16. 
16.10 Modification of Provision.  
 
If any court determines that any of the covenants set forth in this Section 16, or any part thereof, is 
unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, if permitted by applicable 
law, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, 
and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable. Furthermore, if any of the restrictions set 
forth in Sections 16.5 or 16.6 are deemed entirely unenforceable or invalid under any local, state, provincial, 
federal, national or international law, rule, regulation, administrative decision or finding, then you will not 
be bound by such unenforceable or invalid provision(s), as the case may be, but the covenant may be 
unilaterally replaced by us with a covenant of lesser scope or duration which would be enforceable and you 
shall continue to be bound by all other provisions of these sections which are valid and enforceable. 
17. 
TERMINATION. 
 
17.1 
By Franchisee.  
 
If you are in full compliance with this Agreement, then subject to the other provisions of this 
Agreement, including those in this Section 17.1, you may terminate this Agreement: 
(a) 
at any time prior to registering for Boot Camp, with at least ten (10) days’ prior 
written notice to us; or 
 
(b) 
at any other time, with at least sixty (60) days’ prior written notice to us provided, 
that, you must continue to pay your Membership Fees through your termination date. 
 
By exercising your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 17.1, you acknowledge that 
you will not be entitled to any refunds of any portion of the Initial Franchise Fee, the Boot Camp Fee, or 
any Membership Fees or any other fees or amounts paid to us or our affiliates under this Agreement in 
connection with such termination, and further provided that any such termination shall be conditioned on 
you signing a general release effective as of your termination date in the form set forth on Exhibit A attached 
hereto (or any other form required by or acceptable to us) in favor of us and our affiliates, and our and our 
affiliates’ respective members, owners, officers, directors, employees, consultants, advisors, agents, 
successors and assigns (in their corporate and individual capacities), for all claims arising out of or related 
to this Agreement or your Franchise up to and including termination, except in respect of those claims and 
causes of action which cannot be released under applicable law. 
