12 
 
 
5.1 
Initial Training and Continuing Training. 
 
(a) 
Prior to providing any Implementer Services to any Clients and within six (6) 
months of the Effective Date, you must attend and complete to our reasonable satisfaction, our initial 
training program we call Boot Camp (“Boot Camp”). We currently offer Boot Camps quarterly at different 
locations in the United States each February, May/June, August/September and November/December.  You 
may not attend any of our Boot Camps that may be offered outside of the United States without our prior 
written permission, as those Boot Camps are designed to support local operations within those regions. To 
the extent we allow you to attend an international Boot Camp, there will not be any adjustment to your Boot 
Camp Fee; however, you may be responsible for additional taxes or other fees imposed by any local 
governmental authority as a result of your attendance at such international Boot Camp.  In addition to 
paying the Boot Camp Fee, you must pay all expenses incurred in connection with attending Boot Camp, 
including travel, lodging, meals, local transportation expenses and wages. Actual dates and locations of 
Boot Camp are subject to change at any time, and we assume no responsibility for any costs incurred by 
you as a result of such changes. If you fail to timely complete Boot Camp to our reasonable satisfaction, 
and are permitted to repeat such training, you will be charged our then current cost for repeating Boot Camp.  
At Boot Camp, at other EOS Worldwide events for which you have registered (e.g., QCEs) or otherwise 
from time to time in connection with our or our affiliates’ EOS business operations (e.g., as part of our 
training curriculum), we or our affiliates, or our respective employees, photographers or other designees 
may take photos or video recordings, in which you may be shown or appear. By attending any such event 
or by otherwise participating in any such program, you consent to any and all uses and displays by us and 
our agents, contractors and other authorized representatives of your likeness, image, voice, appearance, or 
other personal attributes in, on or in connection with any such pictures, photographs, audio and video 
recordings, digital images, or other forms of printed or other electronic media or reproductions, as 
determined in our or our affiliates’ sole reasonable discretion, which we or our affiliates, licensees or 
designees may use for marketing, training or other EOS business related purposes without any payment or 
remuneration to you.  As between you and us, we are the exclusive owner of all rights, title and interest in 
any such materials created from any such photographic or electronic reproductions. By providing your 
consent, you understand that you may be identifiable from such photographic or electronic reproductions, 
and knowingly waive any and all rights you may have to control the use thereof or any infringement, moral 
or other similar rights you may have, including rights of attribution.  If you are the feature of a recording, 
the photographer will typically ask you before the recording/taking the photo whether you agree and 
consent; however, the failure to do so does not limit or waive your consent or our rights above. 
 
(b) 
Prior to attending Boot Camp, we will provide you with access to our 
comprehensive online training containing tools, supplies, teaching materials, video guides, printable 
guidelines, and support needed to implement EOS. You must review, utilize and complete certain tasks to 
prepare for Boot Camp. You will continue to receive access to our training after Boot Camp and throughout 
the Term, as further provided in Section 7 below. 
 
(c) 
In advance of Boot Camp, we will assign to you a 180 Day Sprint coach during 
your first one hundred eighty (180) days as an Implementer taking you through Boot Camp. After that first 
one hundred eighty (180) days, you will transition under the guidance of our Professional leader, an EOS 
Implementer that develops programs for our Professional Implementer Community.  As you progress 
through your EOS journey, you will progress through our Implementer Development Program which 
currently includes programs for QCEs, Certified Implementers and Expert Implementers.  You may too be 
able to serve as a contributor or coach in our Implementer Development Program.  There is no additional 
cost to participate in our Implementer Development Program, however, certain workshops may carry an 
additional fee.  While you will not have an assigned coach after your 180 Day sprint, you will have access 
to one or more experienced Implementers that will support you through your journey with EOS.  We may 
modify or eliminate our coaching and developmental programs at any time, and may change your coach 
