1 
 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
 
The Franchisor 
The franchisor is EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC, doing business as “EOS Worldwide,” which 
will be referred to as “we”, “us”, or “EOSW” in this Disclosure Document. References to “you” or “your” 
means the individual person that acquires the franchise from us and will and operate the franchise as an 
EOS Implementer.  EOS Implementers may operate the Franchised Business (as defined below) as a sole 
practitioner (sole proprietorship), or they may form a Business Entity (as defined below) to operate the 
Franchised Business.  We use the terms “franchisee” and “Implementer” interchangeably to describe you, 
however, from a legal standpoint, the franchisee is the person or entity that signs the Franchise Agreement 
(as defined below).  
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on January 11, 2021. We and our affiliates 
currently conduct business under our corporate name “EOS Worldwide”. We currently maintain a small 
collaborative space in Birmingham, Michigan that we designate as our principal place of business; however, 
EOS Worldwide is largely a remote company with employees spread throughout the United States, 
including our executive leadership team members. Our principal business address is currently 2254 Cole 
Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009. Our telephone number is (248) 278-8220 and our website is 
www.eosworldwide.com (collectively, with any future websites we create, the “Website”). 
Our current agent for service of process in Delaware is Corporate Creations Network Inc., located 
at Brandywine Plaza, 1520 Concord Pike, Suite 201, Wilmington, Delaware  19803. Our agents for service 
of process in each of the applicable franchise registration or filing states are disclosed in Exhibit C. If a 
state is not listed, we have not appointed an agent for service of process in that state in connection with the 
requirements of franchise laws. There may be states in addition to those listed in Exhibit C in which we 
have appointed an agent for service of process.  There may also be additional agents appointed in some of 
the states listed. 
We began offering EOS Worldwide franchises as of February 16, 2021. We also operate our online 
store (the “EOS Online Store”), which offers and sells EOS branded books, educational materials and other 
related EOS products to franchisees, Clients (as defined below), and the public. You are required to 
purchase certain educational and instructive materials used with your Client sessions from us through the 
EOS Online Store. Other materials that you may need to operate your EOS Worldwide franchise, including 
EOS branded books, may be purchased wherever available, subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
We do not own or operate any businesses of the type you will be operating. We have not offered 
franchises in any other line of business. Additionally, we do not engage in any other business activities 
outside of operating the EOS Worldwide franchise system, the EOS Online Store and EOS related business 
matters.  From time to time, we allow certain full-time employees to maintain, own, and operate a 
Franchised Business under circumstances that we feel help them to better support the franchise community 
in their corporate roles.  These businesses are individually owned and operated by these corporate 
employees; they are not affiliated with us and we do not maintain any rights to manage or control these 
businesses.  Any full-time EOS Worldwide corporate employee that also operates an EOS Implementer 
business does so on a part-time basis, and therefore only supports a limited number of Clients.   
Parent, Predecessors and Affiliates 
 
Our parent company is EOS HoldCo, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company formed on 
