8 
 
 
following that 6-month period.  If you sign up for a Boot Camp that you fail to attend for any reason, the 
Membership Fee will begin on the first (1st) day of the month of that scheduled Boot Camp notwithstanding 
any failed attendance or ultimate attendance and completion of a subsequent Boot Camp. 
4.3 
Brand Fund Contribution.  
 
If we establish a Brand Development Fund (“Brand Fund” or the “Brand Development Fund”), you 
will be required to pay a fee in the amount and in the manner we designate (the “Brand Contribution”). If 
the Brand Contribution is a fixed fee (as opposed to a variable amount based on your Franchise’s 
performance), we will limit any increases to no more than once in any calendar year and not more than 
$100 per month during your current Term. Brand Contributions remitted to us will not be refundable except 
in the limited circumstances as set forth in Section 11 hereof. If we establish, but then terminate, the Brand 
Fund, we have the right to reinstate it at any time and you will again be required to provide a Brand 
Contribution. 
4.4 
Technology Fee.  
 
We may, on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, as the case may be, license, sell, lease or otherwise 
distribute or provide access to our website, certain technology services, and software, computer programs, 
electronic e-mail and other network componentry we have or may create, develop, upgrade, improve or 
maintain for use by our franchisees or EOS Implementers from time to time, and other software and 
technology we may require, and we may provide certain ongoing support and maintenance in connection 
with the foregoing (the “Required Technology”). You are required to utilize all Required Technology. We 
do not currently charge a fee for the use of the Required Technology (“Technology Fee”); however, we 
reserve the right to impose a Technology Fee in the future upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to you to 
cover technology related costs, including: the cost of website development and maintenance; support of our 
e-mail system and other Required Technology; development of software, programs, mobile applications; 
and other technology developments, support or services. If we establish a Technology Fee, you will be 
required to pay the Technology Fee in the amount and in the manner we designate. We may increase the 
Technology Fee from time to time based on circumstances we deem relevant, which may include, level of 
usage and our overall costs, but barring unusual circumstances, we will limit any such increase to only once 
in any calendar year and to not more than $100 per month during your current Term. We and our affiliates 
also reserve the right to offer additional technology services and products that are not part of the Required 
Technology, and to charge an additional fee for such services or products. 
4.5 
Warm Leads Fee.  
 
We currently maintain a Warm Leads Referral Program (the “Warm Leads Program”). Participation 
in the Warm Leads Program is currently optional and is subject to certain terms and conditions for the 
Warm Leads Program. Under the Warm Leads Program, we, in our discretion, refer potential or prospective 
clients (“Warm Leads”) to Implementers. Participation in the Warm Leads Program does not guarantee that 
you will receive any Warm Leads or generate any level of business. We pair Warm Leads with the 
Implementers we believe will service the needs of the particular Warm Leads most effectively based on our 
experience and factors we deem appropriate. We may modify or eliminate the Warm Leads Program at any 
time. If a Warm Lead results in a Session or otherwise generates any Session revenue for your Franchised 
Business, then you must pay us the greater of (i) fifty percent (50%) of the Gross Revenue (defined below) 
generated from the Session fee, or (ii) $1,500 (“Warm Leads Fee”). Warm Leads Fees are payable within 
fourteen (14) days of the applicable underlying Session(s). 
4.6 
Speaking Referral Fee.  
 
At our discretion, we may also refer to you opportunities for speaking, workshop or other similar 
type engagements (each, a “Speaking Engagement”). If you accept any referrals for a Speaking 
Engagement, then you must pay us twenty-five percent (25%) of the Gross Revenue generated from the 
Speaking Engagement within fourteen (14) days of the underlying Speaking Engagement. We may waive 
