35 
 
 
expedient with respect to any claim, investigation other or proceeding if, in our sole judgment, there are 
grounds for indemnification by you under this Agreement. You shall cooperate with us in our handling of 
any such claim, investigation or other proceeding. If our exercise of our rights under this Section causes 
your insurers to refuse to pay a third-party claim, all cause of action and legal remedies you might have 
against such insurer shall automatically be assigned to us without the need for any further action on either 
party’s part. 
 
13.2 
By Us.  
 
 
We agree to hold harmless and indemnify you against any third party claim for copyright, service 
mark or trademark infringement, including reasonable legal fees and court costs in connection with such 
claims, arising out of your authorized use of our materials or the Intellectual Property in accordance with 
this Agreement and the Operations Manual; provided you notify us in writing within thirty (30) days, or 
within such shorter period as is necessary to avoid prejudice, after learning of any claim, and also provided 
we have the right to control any litigation or proceeding resulting from any such claim. 
14. 
REPORTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS. 
 
14.1 
Our Rights to Inspect the Franchise.  
 
To determine whether you are complying with this Agreement and all Franchise System Standards, 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, we and our designees (which may include other franchisees) have 
the right at any time to: 
(a) 
observe, photograph and videotape the operations of the Franchise and any 
Services it provides or Products it sells for such consecutive or intermittent periods as we deem necessary; 
 
(b) 
interview Personnel and Clients that receive Sessions, Services or Products from 
the Franchised Business; and 
 
(c) 
inspect and copy, download or archive any books, records, computer data, and 
documents relating to your operation of the Franchise or the Franchised Business. 
 
If you are in default of any obligations under this Agreement, we may, in addition to any other 
remedy we may have under this Agreement, temporarily restrict your access to any Computer System or 
Required Technology, or all or any part of the EOS related data contained within the Computer System or 
Required Technology, until you have cured such default completely. You must immediately correct or 
repair any unsatisfactory conditions we specify. We assume no liability or responsibility for monitoring, 
tracking or tracing of your Personnel or Franchise operations. Any temporary access to your Computer 
System is solely for the purpose of confirming your compliance with the terms of this Agreement, 
Operations Manual and Franchise System Standards. 
 
14.2 
Our Rights to Audit.  
 
 
We have the right at any time during your business hours, and upon forty-eight (48) hours prior 
notice to you, to inspect and audit, or cause to be inspected and audited, your business, bookkeeping, 
accounting and invoicing records, sales and income tax records and returns, online bank accounts, online 
credit card accounts and any other records related to the Franchised Business. You must segregate all 
Franchised Business records and agree to cooperate fully with us and our representatives to help facilitate 
any such audit. If our inspection or audit is made necessary by your failure to furnish reports, supporting 
records or other information we require, or to furnish such items on a timely basis, you agree to reimburse 
us for the cost of such inspection or audit, including, without limitation, the charges of legal counsel, 
independent accountants, and employees and their travel expenses, room and board. You also must 
