The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
D-8 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER 
THE MARYLAND FRANCHISE REGISTRATION AND DISCLOSURE LAW 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Maryland: 
 
The following sentence is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(c) and Item 17(m): 
 
“However, any general release required as a condition for our approval of a transfer, renewal, or assignment 
of your Franchise Agreement will not apply to claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law.” 
 
1. 
Item 17(v) is supplemented with the following: “A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims 
arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
 
2. 
Item 17 is amended by adding the following at the end of the section: “Despite any provision in the 
Franchise Agreement to the contrary, any claim arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law must be commenced within 3 years from the grant of the franchise.” 
 
3. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
4. 
A surety bond has been obtained by the Franchisor. The Maryland Securities Commissioner has made the 
issuance of the Franchisor’s permit contingent upon the Franchisor maintaining surety bond coverage 
acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all Maryland franchisees have (i) received all initial training that 
they are entitled to under the Franchise Agreement or Franchise Disclosure Document, and (ii) are open for 
business; or (b) the Administrator issues written authorization to the contrary. 
 
