The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
H-1 
 
 
EXHIBIT H 
TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
Franchisee Disclosure Acknowledgment Statement 
 
As you know, EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC (the “Franchisor”, “we”, us”, or “our”) and you 
are preparing to enter into an EOS Worldwide Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) for the 
establishment and operation of an EOS Worldwide franchised Business (the “Franchised Business”). The 
purpose of this Franchisee Disclosure Acknowledgment Statement (this “Questionnaire”) is to for us to 
confirm certain factual information related to the offer and sale of the EOS Worldwide franchised business 
to you. 
 
In the event that you are intending to purchase an existing Franchised Business from an existing 
franchisee, you may have received information from the transferring franchisee, who is not an employee or 
representative of the Franchisor. The questions below do not apply to any communications that you had 
with the transferring Franchisee. 
 
Further, to the extent you spoke with other franchisees about their experiences with us and the EOS 
franchise system, those franchisees are not our employees or representatives and are not authorized to speak 
on our behalf. Information any such franchisee may have shared is based on their views and experiences 
alone, and should not be attributed to the Franchisor or its employees or representatives in any way. 
 
Please review each of the following questions and statements carefully and provide honest and 
complete responses to each.   
 
1. 
I 
signed 
the 
Franchise 
Agreement 
on
 
, and acknowledge that no agreement, including any addendum, is effective until signed 
and dated by the Franchisor and until I pay the Initial Franchise Fee and the Boot Camp Fee. 
 
2. 
Did you receive a copy of our Franchise Disclosure Document (the “Disclosure 
Document”) at least 14 calendar days before signing the Franchise Agreement (including the exhibits, 
addenda, attachments and related agreements like the franchise agreement) and at least 14 calendar days 
before you paid the Initial Franchise Fee and the Boot Camp Fee or any other money to us? 
 
Yes 
 
No   
 
3. 
Did you sign a receipt (Exhibit K to the Disclosure Document) indicating the date you 
received it? 
 
Yes 
 
No   
 
4. 
Is the name of any EOS Worldwide employee or representative (including for this purpose, 
any broker) who was involved in offering you this franchise opportunity not listed on the receipt you signed 
(or on any updated receipt we provided to you)? 
 
Yes 
 
No   
