 
B-8 
 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
In recognition of the Minnesota Franchise Law, Minn. Stat., Chapter 80C, Sections 80C.01 through 
80C.22, and the Rules and Regulations promulgated pursuant thereto by the Minnesota Commission of 
Securities, Minnesota Rule 2860.4400, et. seq., the parties to the attached Franchise Agreement for EOS 
Worldwide Franchising, LLC agree as follows: 
 
1. Termination By Franchisor. The Franchise Agreement is amended to add that with respect to 
franchises governed by Minnesota Law, Franchisor shall comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 
80C.14, Subd. 3-5, which requires, (except in certain specified cases) (1) that Franchisee be given 
90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice of non-renewal of the 
Franchise Agreement; and (2) that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably 
withheld. 
 
2. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the Minnesota Franchise Law. Minn. Rule 2860.4400D prohibits a 
franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a general release. 
 
3. Franchisor Indemnification. The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires Franchisor to 
indemnify Minnesota franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third 
parties that the Franchisee’s use of the tradename infringes trademark rights of the third party. 
Franchisor will protect the Franchisee’s right granted hereby to use the Marks or will indemnify 
the Franchisee from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding 
the use of the Marks. Specifically, Franchisor indemnifies Franchisee against the consequences of 
Franchisee’s use of the tradename in accordance with the requirements of the license, and, as a 
condition to indemnification, Franchisee must provide notice to Franchisor of any such claims 
within ten (10) days and tender the defense of the claim to Franchisor. If Franchisor accepts the 
tender of defense, Franchisor has the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right 
to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final 
determination of the claim. 
 
4. Transfers. Franchisor will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require 
(except in certain specified cases) that Franchisor’s consent to the transfer of the franchise not to 
be unreasonably withheld. 
 
5. Equitable Relief; Bonds Generally. Franchisor may seek injunctive relief, without bond if 
determined by the court of competent jurisdiction that a bond is not required, against Franchisee 
restraining the unauthorized use of any Mark or Copyrighted Materials, or the unauthorized use or 
disclosure of Franchisor’s confidential information. 
 
6. Limitations of Claims. No action may be commenced pursuant to the Franchise Agreement more 
than three (3) years after the cause of action accrues in accordance with Minnesota Statutes, Section 
80C.17, Subd. 5. 
 
7. Jurisdiction and Venue. Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) 
prohibit Franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver 
of a jury trial, or requiring Franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or 
judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement can 
abrogate or reduce (1) any of Franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 
