52 
 
 
 
If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held invalid for any reason, then that provision shall 
be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, unless that modification is not 
permitted by law, in which case that provision will be disregarded, and if an unenforceable provision is 
modified or disregarded, then the rest of this Agreement will not be affected and will remain in full force 
and effect in accordance with its terms; provided, however, if we determine that a finding of invalidity 
adversely affects the basic consideration of this Agreement, we have the right to, at our option, terminate 
this Agreement. 
21.2 
Waivers.  
 
Waiver of any provision of this Agreement will not be valid unless in writing and signed by the 
person against whom it is sought to be enforced. The failure by either party to insist upon strict performance 
of any provision will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of the right to insist upon strict 
performance of the same provision at any other time, or any other provision of this Agreement. 
21.3 
Entire Agreement.  
 
This Agreement, including any schedules, amendments, addenda, and exhibits comprise the entire 
Agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter, and supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, 
representations and commitments, oral or otherwise; provided, however, that nothing in this or any related 
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made by us in the Disclosure Document, or its 
attachments or exhibits, that was furnished to you by us. This Agreement may only be amended in writing 
by an instrument signed by the authorized representatives of each party. 
21.4 
Counterparts.   
 
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original, but all of which together shall constitute one (1) and the same instrument. Counterparts may be 
delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. 
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart 
so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all 
purposes. 
21.5 
Timing.  
 
Time is of the essence of this Agreement. However, whenever the time for the performance of any 
action or condition contained in this Agreement falls on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, such time will 
be extended to the next business date. Indications of time of day mean time in Delaware. 
21.6 
Multi-State Addendum.  
 
Attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement (the “Multi-State Addenda”) and incorporated herein by 
reference, as applicable, are additional terms and conditions applicable to franchisees based in certain states 
within the United States of America. Each provision of the Multi-State Addenda shall be effective only to 
the extent that the jurisdictional requirements of the applicable state law are met independent of the Multi-
State Addenda. To the extent the Multi-State Addenda shall be deemed to be inconsistent with any terms 
or conditions of this Agreement (including its exhibits or attachments thereto (other than the applicable 
Multi-State Addenda)), the terms of the Multi- State Addenda shall control. When you sign this Agreement, 
we may ask that you also sign your state’s Multi-State Addendum, if applicable. 
21.7 
Construction.  
 
The headings of sections are for convenience only and do not define, limit or construe the contents 
of such sections. All words used in this Agreement, regardless of the number or gender in which they are 
used, will be construed to include any other number, singular or plural, in any other gender, masculine, 
feminine or neuter, as the context of this Agreement may require.  
21.8 
Further Assurances.  
