7 
 
for any reason. Monthly Membership Fees are fixed monthly payments paid in lieu of a typical royalty and 
currently range from $1,395 to $1,695 based on your designated tier as described in Item 6 and Item 12 
below.  Implementers who are new to EOS will initially be designated as Professional EOS Implementers 
which requires a Monthly Membership Fee of $1,395. Boot Camps are offered quarterly; as part of your 
initial onboarding once you sign your Franchise Agreement, you will sign-up for an upcoming available 
Boot Camp.  If for any reason you fail to sign up for a Boot Camp scheduled to occur within the initial 6-
month period from signing your Franchise Agreement and your franchise is not terminated (See “Time to 
Commence Operations” under Item 11), your Monthly Membership Fee will begin on the first day of the 
month following that 6-month period. 
Because you do not start paying your Monthly Membership Fee until the month you are scheduled 
to attend Boot Camp, the total amount you will pay us towards your Monthly Membership Fee prior to 
“commencing” operations can be as low as one month’s fee or $1,395, and should not exceed $5,580, which 
equals four months of fees.  Most new franchisees attend Boot Camp within a 3-6 month period after 
execution of their Franchise Agreement and commence operations immediately thereafter; if you are able 
to attend Boot Camp sooner, you may commence operations and begin to offer Implementer Services once 
you have attended and satisfactorily completed Boot Camp and have completed all your other onboarding 
obligations by that time (see Section 10.6 of the Franchise Agreement).  Once you complete Boot Camp, 
you will be deemed to have commenced operations assuming you have completed all your other onboarding 
obligations by that time.   
The Monthly Membership Fee is not refundable under any circumstances. If you sign up for a Boot 
Camp and then fail to attend for any reason, the Monthly Membership Fee will begin on the first (1st) day 
of the month of that scheduled Boot Camp notwithstanding any failed attendance or ultimate attendance 
and completion of a subsequent Boot Camp.  We may waive or discount Monthly Membership Fees from 
time to time based on circumstances we feel are warranted, including for those franchisees that may be 
materially impacted by circumstances beyond their reasonable control (e.g., Acts of God that may limit 
ability to operate in a region). Otherwise, Monthly Membership Fees will be uniform for all franchisees 
based on their tier. 
Uniformity; Additional Incentives  
 
Except as we described above, our Initial Fees are uniformly imposed for all new franchisees.  
However, we may in the future waive or reduce Franchise Fees, Boot Camp Fees, and/or other Initial Fees, 
or offer other special incentives to one or more franchisees on a case-by-case basis and from time to time 
under certain circumstances in our reasonable discretion. These circumstances may include providing 
economic incentives to expedite growth, develop untapped markets, address current economic conditions 
regionally, or for other business reasons that we believe in good faith is best for the System or our EOS 
Implementer Community. 
  
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 
