26 
 
licenses, insurance and certifications necessary for the operation of the Franchised Business, as well as 
other factors. Prior to the opening of your Franchised Business, you must pay to us all amounts that are due 
and owing. 
 
You must begin operating your Franchised Business within six (6) months after signing the 
Franchise Agreement. (Section 10.6 Franchise Agreement). You may not open your Franchised Business 
until (1) all amounts owed to us have been paid, (2) you have provided to us proof of insurance coverage, 
(3) all supplies have been purchased according to our specifications, (4) you complete Boot Camp training, 
(5) your website content is uploaded; and (6) you satisfy any other requirements of new franchisees under 
the Franchise Agreement. We will reasonably extend the time to commence the operation of your 
Franchised Business for a period of up to sixty (60) days if you are unable to despite your best efforts or 
for reasons beyond your control. 
 
If you do not begin operating your Franchised Business within the timeframes specified above, we 
may terminate the Franchise Agreement. (Section 17.2(j) Franchise Agreement). 
 
EOS One Referral Program 
 
We will provide you access to our EOS One Referral program. Active EOS Implementers who 
refer their Clients and other third-parties to our EOS One proprietary platform are currently eligible to earn 
referral fees based on their tier designation levels (Professional 10%; Certified 15%; Expert 20%; Legacy 
and Emeritus – based on previous designation).  We reserve the right to discontinue, terminate, modify, or 
amend the referral program at any time with notice to our franchisees. 
Marketing Approval Process 
 
All your advertising, marketing and other promotional efforts that are in any way related to the 
Franchised Business and that include or otherwise identify any of the Marks, must conform to all provisions 
of the Franchise Agreement, our Franchise System Standards that we state in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise, and any other EOS branding guidelines and policies we prescribe from time to time. You must 
participate in all required marketing and sales promotion programs that we may authorize or develop for 
Franchised Businesses. All advertising, marketing and promotional efforts and/or materials, including any 
advertising and/or marketing plan or material used for advertising and marketing on the Internet and/or a 
worldwide web page, must be completely clear and factual and not misleading and conform to the highest 
standards of ethical advertising, and must be conducted in a dignified manner. You must promptly 
discontinue use of any advertising, marketing or promotional plans or materials on notice from us. 
 
All use of any of the Marks must meet our Franchise System Standards as defined in the Operations 
Manual. (Section 9.1 of the Franchise Agreement.) We have the right to require you to obtain pre-approval 
of your local advertising marketing and to include certain language in your local advertising materials, such 
as “Interested in becoming a Professional EOS Implementer” and the address of our Website and phone 
number. 
 
Grand Opening/Start-Up Promotion 
 
There is currently no requirement that you engage in a specific grand opening or start-up promotion 
outside of regular marketing efforts, such as through social media, e-mail marketing, and local networking 
and business resources. You are not required to spend any amount on grand opening or start-up promotions, 
but we recommend you purchase Traction books (which are available for purchase at the EOS Online Store 
or from third parties) as described in Item 7 as these books should be used in your marketing and 
promotional efforts. 
