49 
 
Provision 
Section 
in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
m. Conditions for franchisor 
approval of transfer 
15.5 
Conditions include you are in full compliance with the Franchise 
Agreement and: (i) the transferee meeting or exceeding the approval 
criteria including passing a background check and holding all required 
certifications necessary to provide the Services all at our sole 
discretion; 
(ii) you pay all amounts owed to us, our affiliates or to third-party 
creditors and have submitted all required reports and statements; (iii)
the transferee enters into our then-current form of Franchise 
Agreement for new franchisees for the remainder of the current term
under the Franchise Agreement (with any remaining renewal terms
available) and any required related agreements (or an assignment and
assumption agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to use if we are
no longer offering franchises); (iv) the transferee agrees to upgrade the
Franchised Business to conform to our then-current Franchise System
Standards and attends Boot Camp at our then current Boot Camp fees
prior to performing any Implementer Services; (v) a $5,000 transfer
fee is paid; 
(vi) you and your co-owners have signed a general release; (vii) we
approve the material terms and conditions of such transfer; (viii) if you
finance any part of the sale price of the transferred interest, you 
subordinate transferee’s obligation to pay to our right to monthly fees
and other amounts due to us and otherwise to comply with the
Franchise Agreement; and (ix) upon our request, you have agreed that 
you will provide guidance and support for a period of no less than 
ninety (90) days from the transfer date. 
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal 
to acquire franchisee’s business 
Not 
Applicable 
We do not have a right of first refusal to acquire your business on a 
proposed transfer. 
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase 
franchisee’s business 
17.7 
If the Franchise Agreement is terminated by either party or you cease
to do business for any reason then we have the right to purchase some 
or all of your assets at book value (cost less depreciation). 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 15.7 
You must transfer the Franchise Agreement to a new Implementer in
the time we designate. Assignments are subject to our approval rights.
We have the right to manage the Franchised Business or select other
trained Implementers to help operate the Franchised Business during 
such period and charge a management fee if we feel, in our sole
discretion, that the Franchised Business is not being operated properly.
q. Non-competition covenants 
during the term of the franchise 
16.5 
You are prohibited from operating or having an interest in a competitor 
or a similar or competitive business to the Franchised Business. You 
are also prohibited from diverting any business or Clients to a 
competitive business or competitor or engaging in any other act
injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks,
Intellectual Property or the EOS Franchise System and from inducing 
the termination of or otherwise attempting to interfere with our or our
affiliates’ business relationships or potential business relationships. 
