30 
 
session management tools. Pricing is based on the number of active Clients you have and is currently 
between $195 to $495 per month. 
 
We anticipate that the initial cost of your Computer System will be between $2,000 and $10,000. 
If you already own computer and communications equipment which meets our specifications, your cost 
may be less. We currently do not require you to have a maintenance contract for your computer system, but 
we strongly suggest that you do so. You will keep your Computer System in good maintenance and repair 
and, at your expense, promptly make any and all additions, changes, modifications, substitutions, and/or 
replacements to your Computer System as we direct. Whether or not you choose to have a maintenance 
contract for your Computer System, you must pay to us a Technology Fee, if and when we choose to 
implement one (see Item 6). We reserve the right to increase the Technology Fee as described in Item 6. 
(Section 4.4 Franchise Agreement). You will pay any and all, annual, monthly or otherwise, software fees, 
or other fees, as required by us or our Approved Suppliers in order to maintain your Computer System. You 
further acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right to change our Approved Suppliers, including any 
software suppliers, at any time and in our sole discretion. 
 
If you are in default of any obligations under the Franchise Agreement, we may, in addition to any 
other remedy we may have under the Franchise Agreement, temporarily inhibit your access to all or part of 
the EOS related data contained within the Computer System, until you have cured such default completely. 
We will not have access to your hardware, but we will have independent access to certain software systems 
you are required to use, such as EOS One, Practice Management (our CRM) and e-mail system. 
 
Computer networks and systems are vulnerable in varying degrees to computer viruses, bugs, 
power disruptions, communication line disruptions, Internet access failures, Internet content failures, data 
related problems and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders (“E-Problems”). We do not 
guarantee that information or communication systems we or others supply will not be vulnerable to E- 
Problems. It is your responsibility to protect yourself from E- Problems. You should also take reasonable 
steps to verify your suppliers, lenders, landlords, clients, and governmental agencies on which you rely, 
have reasonable protection from E-Problems. This may include trying to secure your Computer Systems 
(including firewalls, password protection, and anti-virus systems), and to provide backup systems. 
 
You must upgrade the Computer System, and/or obtain service and support, as we require or as is 
necessary because of technological developments or events. There are no contractual limitations on the 
frequency and cost of your obligation to obtain maintenance, updates or upgrades. We have no obligation 
to reimburse you for any of these costs. Unless we otherwise agree in writing, neither we nor any of our 
affiliates will provide you with any maintenance repairs, updates or upgrades for your computer system. 
(Section 8.1 Franchise Agreement). We estimate that you will spend between $0 and $1,000 on an annual 
basis on the optional or required maintenance, support, upgrading and updating your computer system, 
excluding the payment of the Technology Fee. 
 
Confidential Operations Manual 
 
Attached to this Disclosure Document, as Exhibit E, is the Table of Contents for our current 
Operations Manual which is approximately 425 pages in length.  We are in the process of updating our 
Operations Manual. The updated version of the Operations Manual will include links to other information 
including copies of our Implementer Guides, and we anticipate the updated version will be approximately 
the same length when including the information that we link to separately. 
The Operations Manual is highly confidential, contains our trade secrets and you must use your 
best efforts to maintain its absolute confidentiality. The Operations Manual remains our property, and any 
hard copies must be maintained in a safe place and returned upon request. We reserve the right to revise or 
modify the Operations Manual to reflect new Franchise System Standards. You must accept and comply 
