25 
 
microsite. (Section 7.2(f) Franchise Agreement). 
 
3. 
Provide you with on-going updates of information and programs regarding your Franchised 
Business, EOS and the EOS Franchise System, including, without limitation, information about 
improvements or modifications to EOS, special or new services or products which may be developed and 
made available to franchisees. (Section 7.2(a) Franchise Agreement). 
 
4. 
At your reasonable request and subject to our availability, consult with you by telephone, 
e-mail, virtual meeting, webinar, or otherwise regarding the operation of your Franchised Business and 
advise you regarding Services, sales techniques, utilizing our tools and EOS, client relations and similar 
topics. (Section 7.2(c) Franchise Agreement).  See information about our “Implementer Development” 
program below in this Item 11.  
 
5. 
Periodically and in our sole discretion, make our employees or other designees (which may 
be other franchisees) available to you for advice and assistance with the on-going operation of the 
Franchised Business. (Section 7.2(d) Franchise Agreement). 
 
6. 
If and when formed, administer the Brand Development Fund. (Sections 4.3, 7.2(i) and 
11.4 Franchise Agreement). 
 
7. 
Administer our referral fee program where, for any new franchisee that you refer to us that 
signs a Franchise Agreement and successfully completes Boot Camp, you will be eligible receive a referral 
fee (currently One Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($1,500)) (Section 7.4 Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
8. 
Set you up for and administer our EOS One Referral Program (see below). 
 
9. 
We may, in our discretion, hold the EOS Conference, QCEs and other programs, at such 
times and in such locations as we determine in our discretion. (Sections 5 and 7.2(l) Franchise Agreement). 
10. 
We may, in our sole discretion, provide you with administrative, bookkeeping, or 
accounting services. If such services are offered, they may be offered to you at an additional cost. (Section 
7.2(m) Franchise Agreement). 
 
11. 
We may, in our sole discretion, provide you with additional software or other technology 
services. If such products or services are offered, they may be offered to you at an additional cost and may 
not be mandatory to purchase. This is separate and apart services or products provided in exchange for any 
Technology Fee. (Sections 4.4 and 7.2(n) Franchise Agreement). 
 
12. 
While we provide you with tips and guidelines to assist you in establishing fees for your 
Franchised Business you are responsible for setting your own fees. 
 
Time to Commence Operations 
 
You must attend, and complete to our satisfaction, Boot Camp within six (6) months of signing the 
Franchise Agreement. (Sections 5.1 and 10.6 Franchise Agreement). We estimate that the time from the 
signing of the Franchise Agreement to commencing operations of the Franchised Business will be 
approximately 30 to 180 days. This time may be shorter or longer due to (1) availability of Boot Camp after 
you sign the Franchise Agreement (Boot Camps are offered quarterly), (2) availability and delivery of initial 
inventory and marketing materials, (3) your ability to complete your official online profile and provide 
required website content, including professional, high quality headshot(s), lifestyle photo(s) and video(s), 
and updating of social media accounts per EOS brand guidelines, and (4) the time needed to obtain permits, 
