50 
 
Provision 
Section 
in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Summary 
r. 
Non-competition covenants 
after the franchise is terminated or 
expires 
16.6 
For a period of one year, you are prohibited from (i) soliciting any EOS
Clients to a competitive business; (ii) inducing or attempting to induce
or solicit any strategic partners, Clients, referral sources or brokers 
associated with the EOS Franchise System to accept an affiliation with
you; (iii) from diverting or inducing our or our affiliates’ business 
relationships or potential business relationships from doing business
with us or our affiliates or otherwise attempting to interfere with any
such business relationships or potential business relationships; or (iv)
engaging in any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill 
associated with us or our affiliates or the Marks, our trade names or 
other Intellectual Property. You may, however, continue to engage 
with Clients for other services not related to EOS and that do not make 
use of our Marks, Copyrights, or other Intellectual Property or
information, and for whom you provided such other services in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement prior to termination. 
s. Modification of the agreement 
21.3 
You must comply with the Operations Manual as periodically updated 
or amended. The Franchise Agreement may only be modified or
amended in writing signed by all parties. 
t. Integration/merger clause 
21.3 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and other related written
agreements are binding (subject to applicable state law). Any
representations or promises outside of the disclosure document may
not be enforceable. 
u. Dispute resolution by arbitration 
or mediation 
20.4-20.5 
At our discretion, all disputes must be submitted to mediation and 
then arbitration in Michigan (subject to state law). 
v. Choice of forum 
20.2 
Delaware (subject to state law) 
w. Choice of law 
20.1 
Delaware (subject to state law), except whether federal law applies 
(e.g., that disputes regarding the Marks will be governed by the 
Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Sec. 1051 et seq. and disputes over 
copyrights will be governed by federal copyright laws of the United 
States) 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for 
the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
