40 
 
Registered Marks 
Registration No. 
Registration Date 
THE ACCOUNTABILITY CHART 
7289242 
01/23/2024 
FOCUS DAY 
7058176 
05/23/2023 
SIX KEY COMPONENTS 
7095823 
07/04/2023 
GREAT BOSS 
7241165 
12/12/2023 
LEVEL 10 MEETING 
7495688 
09/03/2024 
 
We or our affiliates have filed all required affidavits for the Registered Marks. Following 
registration of the Pending Marks, and at the appropriate times, we intend to renew the registrations and to 
file all appropriate affidavits. 
We do not have a federal registration for some of our principal trademarks.  Therefore, our 
trademark does not have many legal benefits and rights as a federally registered trademark.  If our right to 
use the trademark is challenged, you may have to change to an alternative trademark, which may increase 
your expenses. 
 
We have the right to the use, license and sublicense the Marks as well applicable copyrights, 
patents, know-how and trade secrets owned and developed by EOS OpCo (including any intellectual 
property developed by us, the “Intellectual Property”), under a license agreement between us and EOS 
OpCo (the “License Agreement”). On February 15, 2021, EOS OpCo licensed to us a worldwide non- 
exclusive right to use, and sublicense the use of, the Marks, Intellectual Property and System in connection 
with the offer, sale and operation of EOS Worldwide businesses. The License Agreement is for a term of 
99 years unless EOS OpCo or we terminate the license. However, termination of the license agreement will 
not affect existing Franchise Agreements. We will sub-license to you the right to use the Marks to operate 
your Franchised Business upon the terms of your Franchise Agreement. 
 
With the exception of the License Agreement, there are no agreements currently in effect which 
significantly limit our rights to use or sub-license the use of the Marks in a manner material to your 
Franchised Business. There are no currently effective adverse material determinations of the USPTO, the 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, nor are there any 
pending infringement, cancellation or opposition proceedings or material litigation against us or our 
affiliates, involving the Registered Marks. 
We may occasionally add additional trademarks for use with EOS Franchised Businesses which 
may not be federally registered, and those additions will be considered part of the Marks, will be licensed 
to you, and will be subject to the restrictions discussed below.  If additional trademarks do not have a federal 
registration, those trademarks would not have many legal benefits and rights as those available for a 
federally registered trademark. If our right to use such a trademark is challenged, you may have to change   
to an alternative trademark, which may increase your expenses. 
 
Use of the Marks 
 
You must follow our rules when you use the Marks. You may not use the Marks as part of your 
corporate or any other legal name unless we authorize such use in writing in advance. We must approve 
your business entity name and all fictitious names under which you propose to do business in writing before 
use. You must identify yourself using your name either alone or a fictitious name that is in accordance with 
our Franchise System Standards, as allowed or required under applicable law. You must promptly register 
your fictitious or assumed name at the state office as provided for by the laws of the state in which your 
Franchised Business is located and/or if required at the office of the county in which your Franchised 
