29 
 
solicitation for the sale of franchises, although we may retain the right to include “Franchises Available” or 
“Interested in becoming a Professional EOS Implementer” or similar language along with our contact 
information on all Brand Development Fund advertising. (Section 11.5 Franchise Agreement). 
 
Although the Brand Development Fund would be created with the intention that it would be 
perpetual, we will reserve the right to terminate (and reinstate) the Brand Development Fund at any time; 
however, we would take steps to ensure that it would not be terminated until all monies in the Brand 
Development Fund were spent for advertising or promotional purposes or returned to contributors in 
accordance with the Franchise Agreement. (Section 4.3 Franchise Agreement). 
 
Advisory Council 
 
We reserve the right to form an advisory council to assist us with various components of our 
System, including Services offered by Franchised Businesses, marketing and promotion, training, and other 
aspects of the EOS Franchise System. If we create an advisory council, it will act in an advisory capacity 
only and will not have decision-making authority. We will have the right to form, change, merge and 
dissolve any advisory council at any time. (Section 11.5 Franchise Agreement). 
 
While the membership of any advisory council will be determined in our sole discretion, members 
will likely include our representatives and franchisee representatives however no franchisee will have the 
right to sit on any advisory council. If you are chosen and agree to participate in an advisory council, you 
will pay all costs and expenses you incur related to your participation and attendance at council meetings, 
including travel, lodging and meals. (Section 11.5 Franchise Agreement). 
 
Computer System 
 
You must purchase or lease computer equipment, including hardware and software we specify, for 
your Franchised Business. We currently require you to have a computer (desktop or laptop) able to run the 
most current version of Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, or Firefox Internet browser (the 
“Computer System”) in order to view training, report sessions, facilitate virtual sessions as needed, and 
attend virtual meetings. Computers should be less than three years old and have the most current version of 
its operating system, such as MacOS (Sequoia) or Windows, and be up to date with all system and software 
patches. Although the necessary programs should function on Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, and 
Microsoft Edge, we will only assist you in troubleshooting potential issues related to the software when 
operating on Google Chrome. Your Computer System must have the capacity to submit to us reports 
through our cloud-based software containing information about the number of sessions held by your 
Franchised Business, revenue generated, average ratings and other information we require, all in the form 
prescribed in the Operations Manual which we may change from time to time upon notice. You may 
purchase your Computer System from any supplier, unless we designate a specific Approved Supplier. You 
must also have access to high-speed Internet to access our online systems, and are responsible for all costs 
and expenses associated with your access, including connection charges. (Section 8.1 Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
We also currently provide franchisees with access to customer relationship management software, 
Practice Management. Our Practice Management is cloud-based and is included in the Monthly 
Membership Fee. This tool is designed to help your business, report sessions, and collaborate more 
effectively. Features include (or will soon include): (i) contact management for your Clients and leads 
including contact information; (ii) standardized business development and session e-mail templates; (iii) 
session reporting; (iv) performance dashboard and reporting and (v) additional related features. Practice 
Management+ solution is an upgraded subscription available for an additional monthly fee. Practice 
Management+ includes (or will soon include) CRM features plus customizable options and additional 
