5 
 
 
not allowed, the Renewal Term will be governed by the terms of this Agreement. 
2.6 
Refusal to Renew Franchise Agreement.  
 
We may refuse to renew your Franchise if you fail to satisfy each of the conditions set forth in 
Section 2.3. 
2.7 
Your Election Not to Renew.  
 
For the purposes hereof, you shall be deemed to have irrevocably elected not to renew the Franchise 
hereunder (and the option to do so shall thereupon terminate) if you fail to timely satisfy each of the 
conditions required by us to renew your Franchise pursuant to Section 2.3 above. 
2.8 
Implementer. 
 
(a) 
We authorize only one (1) individual person to act as the designated Implementer 
for each Franchise.  Therefore, only you may act as an EOS Implementer (“Implementer”) for the Franchise. 
Only the Implementer attends Franchisor training and franchisee events (e.g., QCEs) and provides Services 
on behalf of your Franchised Business to Clients as described in the Operations Manual (as defined below) 
(“Implementer Services”). Franchisees that form Business Entities (as defined in Section 19 below) for the 
operation of their Franchised Businesses may have multiple owners, shareholders, partners, operators, 
directors, or managers, but only you may serve as the designated Implementer (and not any such other 
individuals). As between you and your Business Entity, if any, or any other owners, shareholders, 
employees, partners, operators, directors, or managers, you will (i) be responsible for the operation of the 
Franchised Business under this Agreement and all decisions made on behalf of the Franchised Business; 
(ii) have the authority on behalf of the Franchise to bind it in any dealings with us and our affiliates; and 
(iii) direct any action necessary to ensure compliance with this Agreement and any other agreements 
relating to the Franchised Business, and Franchisor may therefore rely on any and all directions, elections, 
information and other communication from you. 
 
(b) 
You shall perform the obligations under this Agreement faithfully and honestly, 
shall continuously exert best efforts to promote and enhance your Franchised Business and the EOS 
Franchise System, and shall not engage in any other business or activity that conflicts with your obligations 
to operate the Franchise, for the full Term, including any subsequent renewal thereof. 
 
3. 
TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS. 
 
3.1 
Grant.  
 
Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and applicable law and so long as you 
are in compliance with this Agreement, you will have the non-exclusive right, and you undertake the 
obligation, to operate your Franchised Business, including to market, offer and sell Services and Products 
(as applicable), directly to Clients anywhere in the world. You will not receive an exclusive, protected or 
designated geographic market, service area or territory with your Franchise. Further, this Agreement does 
not grant you the right and you are expressly prohibited from, unless you receive expressed prior written 
permission from us: 
(a) 
Selling any Products (i) at wholesale, or (ii) to any distributor, vendor, supplier, or 
retailer or reseller, or (iii) in any manner except through the Franchised Business in connection with 
providing Services to Clients or to other active EOS Worldwide franchisees with or without mark-up; or 
 
(b) 
Reproducing, copying, translating, replicating, or creating derivative works from 
any training, instructional, education materials, worksheets, guides, modules, Leadership Team Manuals, 
videos, books, documents, or other materials used in your Client Sessions or otherwise in any way related 
to the EOS Franchise System, the Marks or the Intellectual Property (“Materials”). 
