31 
 
with such revisions, modifications and additions, which we may communicate to you through written 
notification by mail, e-mail, posting on our Website or otherwise. You must maintain a current copy of the 
Operations Manual at all times. You are prohibited from copying or distributing the Operations Manual in 
any manner whatsoever. You must only use the information contained in the Operations Manual to manage 
your Franchised Business and may not use such information for any other purpose. (Section 7.1 Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
Training Program 
 
We will provide you with approximately three days of initial franchisee training in our methods 
and techniques called our Boot Camp. Prior to attending Boot Camp, we will provide you with access to 
our online training platform that provides access to tools, supplies, teaching materials, video guides, 
printable guidelines, and support needed to implement EOS and prepare you for our Boot Camp program. 
Once you are provided access, then you can utilize the materials and resources at your own pace. Currently, 
our online training platform provides franchisees with the following, which we may modify, update, amend 
or change at our discretion: 
 
1. 
The EOS Toolbox containing downloadable EOS tools 
2. 
Downloadable worksheets 
3. 
Training videos and printable guides 
4. 
Online training courses that must be completed before you attend Boot Camp 
5. 
Option to purchase Leadership Team Manuals (LTMs) and other materials 
6. 
Additional resources to assist you in learning and executing the EOS 4-2-1 Business Development 
system 
 
Currently, our North America Boot Camps are held at locations in Detroit, Michigan and Denver, 
Colorado, however locations may be added or changed at our discretion. Additionally, at our discretion, we 
may make virtual training available to franchisees. Boot Camp is mandatory for you. We reserve the right 
to modify any aspect of our Boot Camp or other training to accommodate the needs or experience of any 
individual trainee. The cost of the Boot Camp for new franchisees in 2025 is $45,000, and you are 
responsible for all costs and expenses associated with your attendance at Boot Camp, including the cost of 
travel, lodging, meals, wages, and connection charges. We reserve the right to waive attendance at Boot 
Camp or the fee in whole or in part for this training for Implementers who have previously completed our 
EOS Boot Camp to our satisfaction.  See Item 5.  
 
Only EOS Implementers attend Boot Camp, and Boot Camp must be completed within six months 
of signing the Franchise Agreement. Failure to complete Boot Camp to our satisfaction will give us the 
right to terminate your Franchise Agreement. (Sections 10.6 and 17.2(e) Franchise Agreement). 
 
The materials we use at Boot Camp include the Boot Camp Training Manual, Operations Manual, 
other printed materials, and printed workbooks Boot Camp is intended to be interactive. The current topics 
of Boot Camp are as follows: 
 
 
THE TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
 
Subject of Training 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
On the Job 
Training 
Hour 
Location(1) 
