3 
 
 
anywhere in the world subject to applicable law (including Economic Sanctions Laws (as defined below)), 
please understand that we operate primarily within the United States and on Eastern Time, and therefore, 
you may need to communicate with us from time to time on Eastern Time, and support may be limited 
outside of our standard support windows.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement 
permits you to operate or provide Implementer Services with (i) or within any country that is the target of 
any laws administered by the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury 
or any other governmental entity of any applicable jurisdiction imposing economic sanctions or trade 
embargoes (“Economic Sanctions Laws”) against designated countries, regimes, entities, and persons 
(collectively, “Embargoed Targets”), (ii) any person or entity who is named on the United States Specially 
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or other similar lists maintained by any governmental entity 
pursuant to any Economic Sanctions Laws, or (iii) or within any other jurisdiction where doing so would 
violate any applicable laws.  
 
(d) 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall not (i) directly or 
indirectly export, re-export, transship, transfer, or otherwise deliver or provide any Products, Services, 
Materials (as defined below), technology, or any Confidential Information or Client Data (each as defined 
below) to an Embargoed Target or (ii) otherwise facilitate any transaction in violation of any Economic 
Sanctions Law or other applicable law. 
 
2. 
GRANT, TERM AND LOCATION. 
 
2.1 
Grant and Acceptance.  
Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a revocable, 
limited license and right to (i) operate a Franchised Business and (ii) use the Intellectual Property in 
connection with the establishment and operation of the Franchised Business, anywhere in the world, subject 
to applicable law. You accept this Agreement and the license granted herein, and undertake the obligation 
to operate the EOS Franchise, using the Marks and other Intellectual Property, in strict compliance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and our Franchise System Standards for the entire Term (as defined 
below), together with any renewal or extension. For the avoidance of doubt, the Franchised Business you 
will be operating is an individually owned and operated franchised business, and you, and not Franchisor, 
shall be responsible for investigating, understanding and complying with all laws, rules and regulations 
applicable to such operation, as well as for the supervision and oversight of all your Personnel (as defined 
below), if any, in each case as further described in this Agreement. 
2.2 
Term.  
 
Your grant to own and operate a Franchise begins on the Effective Date and ends on the last day of 
the calendar month following the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date (the “Initial Term”), unless 
sooner terminated pursuant to this Agreement. The word “Term” means this Initial Term and any Renewal 
Term (as defined below) or extension of that time period. 
2.3 
Renewal Terms.  
 
If this Agreement is at such time in full force and effect, you have the right to renew the Initial 
Term for two (2) consecutive terms of three (3) years each (each a “Renewal Term” and together the 
“Renewal Terms”), provided the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
You have notified us of your intention to renew the Term in writing at least ninety 
(90) days (but no more than three hundred and sixty (360) days) prior to the expiration of the Initial Term 
or then-current Renewal Term (and any such notice to renew shall be irrevocable unless prohibited by 
applicable law); 
 
(b) 
You have at your expense completed, to our satisfaction, at least sixty (60) days 
