 
B-1 
 
Exhibit B 
 
Multi-State Addenda 
 
FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law, Cal. Corp. Code §§31000-
3516 and the California Franchise Relations Act, Cal. Bus. And Prof. Code §§20000-20043, the Franchise 
Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. Termination and Non-Renewal. The California Franchise Relations Act and the California 
Franchise Relations Act, Cal. Bus. And Prof. Code provide rights to franchisees concerning 
termination or non-renewal of a franchise agreement that may supersede provisions in the Franchise 
Agreement, specifically those in Sections 2.3 and 17. 
 
2. Bankruptcy. Section 17.2(d), which terminates the Franchise Agreement upon the bankruptcy of 
Franchisee, may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq.). 
 
3. Restrictive Covenants. The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete or interfere 
which extends beyond the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable 
under California law. 
 
4. Governing Law and Venue. Both the governing law and choice of law for franchisees operating 
outlets located in California, will be the California Investment law and the California Franchise 
Relations Act regardless of the choice of law or dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere.  Any 
language in the Franchise Agreement or amendment to or any agreement to the contrary is 
superseded by this condition. 
 
5. Arbitration. Sections 20.4 and 20.5 of the Franchise Agreement may require you to mediate or 
submit to binding arbitration. The mediation and arbitration will occur at the forum indicated in 
Sections 20.4 and 20.5 with the costs of arbitration being borne by the non-prevailing party. 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult with legal counsel to determine the applicability 
of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of 
Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside of the State of California. 
 
6. Interest Rates. Any interest rate charged to a California franchisee shall comply with the California 
Constitution. The interest rate shall not exceed either (a) 10% annually or (b) 5% annually plus the 
prevailing interest rate charged to banks by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, whichever 
is higher. 
 
7. Management.  Neither the franchisor nor  any person listed in Item 2 of this Franchise Disclosure 
Document is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or nation 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A 78a et seq., 
suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange. 
 
8. Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
