49 
 
 
termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
20.4 
Mediation.  
 
At our sole discretion, any disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the 
rights and obligations of the parties hereto, third-party beneficiaries, and/or any guarantors and/or 
transferees of this Agreement, or any claims between any of the above parties, or any other claims or causes 
of action relating to the making, interpretation, or performance of either party under this Agreement or that 
is in any way related to your Franchise, will be submitted to non-binding mediation conducted before a sole 
neutral mediator who has at least five (5) years’ experience in franchise and distribution law and who is 
referred by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with its Commercial Mediation 
Procedures. Mediation will be conducted in Michigan. Franchisor and Franchisee shall each bear all of their 
own costs of mediation; provided, however, the fees of the mediator shall be divided equally between you 
and us. The mediator will be disqualified as a witness, expert or counsel for any party with respect to the 
dispute and any related matter. Mediation is a compromise negotiation and will constitute privileged 
communications under the law governing this Agreement. This means that the entire mediation process will 
be confidential and the conduct, statements, promises, offers, views and opinions of the mediator and the 
parties will not be discoverable or admissible in any legal proceeding for any purpose; provided, however, 
that evidence which is otherwise discoverable or admissible will not be excluded from discovery or 
admission as a result of its use in the mediation. We will notify you of our election to submit any dispute 
to non-binding mediation within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of a dispute, claim, or alleged 
cause of action from you or at the time we provide you with notice of a dispute, claim, or alleged cause of 
action, as applicable.  If the dispute has not been resolved through the mediation proceedings, any party 
may terminate the mediation and proceed to arbitration as set out below. 
20.5 
Arbitration.  
 
At our sole discretion, any disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the 
rights and obligations of the parties hereto, third-party beneficiaries, and/or any guarantors and/or 
transferees of this Agreement, or any claims between any of the above parties, or any other claims or causes 
of action relating to the making, interpretation, or performance of either party under this Agreement or that 
is in any way related to your Franchise, may be resolved by submission to binding arbitration by and before 
a neutral franchise attorney referred by AAA and selected by the parties in accordance with the then-existing 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the AAA. All hearings and other proceedings will take place in Michigan. 
We will notify you of our election to submit any dispute to arbitration (i) within thirty (30) days of receiving 
written notice of a dispute, claim, or alleged cause of action from you; or (ii) within thirty (30) days of a 
non-binding mediation determination pursuant to Section 20.4 above; or (iii) at the time we provide you 
with notice of a dispute, claim, or alleged cause of action, as applicable. 
(a) 
The following shall supplement and, in the event of a conflict with any law or rule, 
including but not limited to the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules, shall govern any dispute submitted to 
arbitration. The parties shall select one (1) arbitrator from the proposed list of neutral arbitrators provided 
by the AAA who has at least five (5) years’ experience in franchise and distribution law. If the parties are 
unable to agree upon an arbitrator, each party to the dispute shall have fifteen (15) days from the transmittal 
date of the proposed list in which to strike names objected to, number the remaining names in order of 
preference, and return the list to the AAA. If a party does not return the list within the time specified, all 
persons named therein shall be deemed acceptable. From among the persons who have been approved on 
both lists, and in accordance with the designated order of mutual preference, the AAA shall invite the 
acceptance of an arbitrator to serve. If the parties fail to agree on any of the persons named, or if acceptable 
arbitrators are unable to act, or if for any other reason the appointment cannot be made from the submitted 
lists, the process of submitting lists shall continue until a suitable arbitrator is selected. In all aspects of 
conducting the arbitration and in rendering his or her decision, the arbitrator shall enforce and apply the 
substantive laws of the State of Delaware for interpretation of this Agreement, without regard to choice of 
law rules. The parties may conduct one (1) seven-hour discovery deposition of the opposing party. Any 
