35 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
You do not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from 
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
 
You are permitted to offer and sell applicable Products and the Services anywhere in the world, 
subject to applicable law and our reservation of certain rights described below and in the Franchise 
Agreement. You may conduct sessions in-person or virtually, in each case in accordance with our Franchise 
System Standards.  While you may provide Implementer Services applicable Products and the Services 
generally anywhere, you may not do so with or within any country that is the target of any laws administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury or any other governmental entity of 
any applicable jurisdiction imposing economic sanctions or trade embargoes against designated countries. 
 
Because we do not grant franchises for specific locations or grant protected or exclusive territories, 
there are no provisions in the Franchise Agreement for modification of territorial rights, nor do we have 
any restrictions on the relocation of any leased or session space. However, as a United States based 
Franchised Business, you will be a member of our North American community and will therefore attend 
Boot Camp, QCEs and other training, meetings and events provided to or for the benefit of Franchised 
Businesses from time to time in the United States, and will be subject to the applicable Franchise System 
Standards for the United States.  You may not change communities without our prior written consent.  We 
will approve or disapprove a change request based on such factors as we deem appropriate (acting 
reasonably), including the basis for the change request.  Also, our Website currently lists franchisees 
geographically, so if you do look to relocate, even within the United States, you should notify us so we can 
update this information accordingly. Franchisees may only designate locations where they actively operate 
their Franchised Business in accordance with our policies and procedures that are in effect from time to 
time, and can update their locations from time to time with our approval. 
 
We retain the right in our sole discretion to offer products and services under the Marks in the same 
manner as offered by the EOS Worldwide franchises or in any other manner we determine in our sole 
discretion. Our rights also include the ability to sell the products and services through alternate channels of 
distribution such as our website and online stores, mobile application, e-commerce, retail or wholesale 
stores, catalog sales, telemarketing or other channels of distribution and retain all the profits from such 
activities. We also reserve the right to develop software or other similar programs or products; however, if 
we do, we may permit you to engage in revenue sharing for such products in which we share the revenue 
collected with you in a manner we determine. Unless we provide prior permission, you may not use 
alternative channels of distribution to make sales and you will not receive any compensation for our sales 
through alternative channels of distribution. 
Unless specifically agreed with you in writing, our grant of the Franchised Business does not 
include any option or promise to allow you to purchase any additional franchises whether by option, right 
of first-refusal or similar right. 
We currently categorize full-time operating franchisees in three different tiers, “Professional”, 
“Certified” or “Expert”. We also have created separate tiers, for EOS Implementers that are transitioning 
into retirement and would like to remain part of our EOS Implementer Community. Your franchise rights 
and your rights to qualify for and maintain your tier designation  depend on your achieving certain 
productivity standards, as judged by the number of sessions conducted and your ratings for these sessions. 
Our evaluation criteria and productivity standards are outlined in our Operations Manual and summarized 
below, and may change from time to time at our discretion. If an Implementer meets the criteria and elects 
to upgrade its tier, then we may upgrade an Implementer’s tier on a going forward basis, subject to satisfying 
