51 
 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
In February 2021, EOS Worldwide transitioned its business model from a membership-based 
model to a franchise model. Under the previous membership-based model, EOS Implementers licensed the 
right to offer and sell EOS products and services through consulting businesses marketed under their own 
name and brand. Under this membership-based model, certain EOS Implementers offered both EOS and 
other products and services in addition to EOS. With the transition to the franchise model, EOS 
Implementers that signed a Franchise Agreement now operate their franchise businesses exclusively on 
EOS under our principal trademark as an EOS Worldwide franchisee. 
As of December 31, 2024, there were 732 EOS Worldwide franchisees operating a Franchised 
Business based in the United States. More specifically, that means that 732 active EOS Worldwide 
franchisees completed Boot Camp training and are eligible to provide Implementer Services under a 
Franchise Agreement signed on or after February 2021. 
Franchisees may not start offering EOS until they complete Boot Camp training. Some franchisees 
completed Boot Camp under the membership-based model prior to February 2021, and therefore, were able 
to operate immediately after signing the Franchise Agreement. Any transitioning Implementer who did not 
complete Boot Camp training under the membership-based model was required to do so after signing the 
Franchise Agreement. 
Each of the tables provided in this Item 19 only include franchises that have been teaching on EOS 
for more than twelve (12) months (i.e., they completed Boot Camp more than 12 months prior to the start 
of the reporting period). The tables do not include information for any franchisees that were not operating 
for more than 12 months from the start of the applicable Reporting Period (i.e., they did not complete Boot 
Camp training more than 12 months from the start of the applicable Reporting Period). 
Each of the terms and concepts are used throughout this Item 19 with the following meanings: 
 
(1) 
“Reporting Period” means each of the following quarterly periods Franchisees report 
performance to us: 
 
Quarter 
Months 
First Quarter 
February 1st to April 30th 
Second Quarter 
May 1st to July 31st 
Third Quarter 
August 1st to October 31st 
Fourth Quarter 
November 1st to January 31st 
(2) 
“Session Days” are days in which an Implementer conducts a session with a Client. These 
include Focus Days, Vision Building Day sessions, Quarterly Pulsing sessions, Annual Planning sessions 
and special or requested sessions with a Client. 
(3) 
“Session Revenue” is defined as the total revenue derived from Session Days with Clients, 
whether received in cash, check or credit card, or in a lump sum or in installments, and adjusted for sales 
related taxes and refunds. Franchisees are responsible for establishing their own rates, however, the rates 
they charge may impact their Implementer’s tier designation. 
See also Exhibit D to this Franchise Disclosure Document, Amendment to Franchise Disclosure Document 
under California Franchise Investment Law, #15. 
