36 
 
 
immediately pay us any shortfall in the amounts you owe us, including late fees and interest as described 
in Section 4.12. The foregoing remedies are in addition to our other remedies and rights under this 
Agreement and applicable law. 
14.3 
Distribution of Franchisee Information. 
 
(a) 
You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to share any information about 
your Franchise collected by us or our affiliates or agents, including historical performance of the Franchised 
Business, to any third party, including other franchisees, prospective buyers of your or our business, lenders, 
and prospective franchisees (including within our franchise disclosure documents), for any legitimate 
business purpose, including for benchmarking purposes. This information may include, but is not limited 
to, historical performance information and data regarding your sales, Sessions, expenses, revenues, costs, 
taxes, profit margins, warranty claims, or customer service survey results. 
 
(b) 
Without limiting the foregoing, you hereby consent to our disclosure of Personal 
Information concerning you and the Franchised Business, namely the identity of Franchisee, Business 
Entity if applicable, address, e-mail address and telephone number, in our franchise disclosure document, 
whether or not such disclosure is required by law, and other documents relating to the sale of EOS 
franchises. 
 
15. 
TRANSFERS. 
 
15.1 
By Us.  
 
This Agreement is fully transferable by us and will inure to the benefit of any transferee or other 
legal successor to our interests. We may assign our interest in this Agreement, directly or indirectly, by 
merger, public or private offering, assignment, pledge or other means, without your approval or consent; 
provided, however, that with respect to any assignment resulting in the subsequent performance by the 
assignee of the functions of Franchisor, the assignee shall assume the obligations of Franchisor under this 
Agreement and the assigning Franchisor shall thereafter have no liability for the performance of any 
obligations contained in this Agreement subject to applicable law. You expressly and specifically waive 
any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to the loss of any Marks (or any variation thereof) 
and/or the loss of association with or identification of EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC or its affiliates. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement will require Franchisor or its affiliates to continue to offer franchises, 
whether in the event that Franchisor exercises its rights to assign or otherwise transfer its rights in this 
Agreement or otherwise. 
15.2 
By You.  
 
The rights and duties along with the Franchise granted in this Agreement are personal to you, and 
we have granted the Franchise to you in reliance upon our perceptions of your individual character, skill, 
aptitude, business ability and financial capacity. Accordingly, you may make no Transfer (as defined below) 
without our prior written approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. Any purported Transfer 
without such approval will be null and void and constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will 
entitle us to terminate this Agreement. 
15.3 
Definition of Transfer.  
 
As used in this Agreement, the term “Transfer” means your voluntary, involuntary, direct or 
indirect assignment, sale, gift, pledge, mortgage, disposal or other disposition of any legal or beneficial 
interest in: (i) the Franchise Agreement, (ii) any material asset of the Franchised Business; or (iii) the 
ownership interest in the Franchised Business, whether in the form of equity or voting interest. Transfers 
may include any merger or consolidation of the Business Entity, the issuance of additional securities or 
other ownership interests of the Business Entity, and transfers resulting from proceedings under the U.S. 
