2 
 
November 13, 2008 (“EOS Holdco”). The principal business address of EOS Holdco is also 2254 Cole 
Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009. Prior to May 2018, EOS Holdco was owned by its founder, Gino 
Wickman and his business partner and one of the first EOS Implementers trained by Mr. Wickman, Don 
Tinney. At the time of their ownership, Gino and Don each also operated their own EOS Worldwide 
business similar to the Franchised Business. Gino and Don each sold a majority of their interest in EOS 
Holdco in May 2018, and are now EOS Worldwide franchisees that operate an EOS Franchised Business. 
Our principal operational affiliate is EOS Worldwide, LLC (“EOS OpCo”), a Michigan limited 
liability company, formed on June 15, 2018. EOS OpCo is a wholly-owned subsidiary of EOS Holdco. The 
principal business address of EOS OpCo is also 2254 Cole Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009. EOS 
OpCo owns the trademarks “Entrepreneurial Operating System”, “EOS”, and “EOS Implementer” and the 
Intellectual Property described in Items 13 and 14 below. As part of a restructuring, EOS OpCo acquired 
the Intellectual Property from its parent, EOS Holdco in July 2018. EOS OpCo has operated the EOS 
Worldwide business since its formation, offering monthly membership subscriptions to, and training on, 
EOS. EOS OpCo also provides other non-franchise educational business resources under different 
trademarks such as Rocket Fuel™ and EOS One®, a proprietary business-to-business software. We 
currently provide an incentive referral program under which active EOS Implementers can earn referral 
fees based on their tier designation levels.  We may discontinue, terminate, modify, or amend this referral 
program at any time. Unless we agree otherwise in writing, you will not have any other rights to participate 
in these separate businesses as a franchisee of EOSW. 
EOSW International, Inc., a Michigan corporation formed on September 27, 2019, is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of EOS OpCo. EOSW International, Inc. was created to capture revenue from 
international operations of EOS OpCo for United States tax purposes. The principal business address of 
EOSW International, Inc. is also 2254 Cole Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009. 
EOS Worldwide UK, LTD., a United Kingdom private company formed on May 16, 2019, is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of EOSW International, Inc. and exists to conduct EOS OpCo’s operations in the 
United Kingdom. The principal business address of EOS Worldwide UK, LTD. is also 2254 Cole Street, 
Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009 with a registered office of 1 Chapel Street, Warwick, United Kingdom 
CV34 4HL. 
Neither EOS Holdco nor any of our other affiliates have ever offered franchises in this or any line 
of business and do not currently provide products or services to franchisees except as described above. 
Other than those described above, we have no predecessors or other affiliates that are required to 
be disclosed in this Disclosure Document. 
The Franchise 
 
We offer franchises for the establishment and operation of a turnkey type business (the “Franchised 
Business”) which provides EOS related services (collectively, the “Services) and products (collectively, the 
“Products”) that help entrepreneurs, business owners, leadership teams, and other customers and clients 
(collectively, the “Clients”) achieve their business objectives by operating on the Entrepreneurial Operating 
System or “EOS”. EOS includes a complete set of simple concepts and practical tools that strengthen what 
we refer to as the “Six Key Components” of any business which, once implemented by a Client, is designed 
to help it to achieve ultimate Vision, Traction and Healthy. Clients begin their introduction to EOS with an 
initial session called a “90 Minute Meeting.” 
The “EOS Franchise System” consists of our Products and Services as well as our know-how, our 
distinctive and identifiable trade-dress and the specifications, information, policies, methods, controls, 
