19 
 
investment. Your ability to obtain third-party financing or the franchise purchase and business start-up 
depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness and 
collateral and lending policies of financial institutions from which you request a loan. 
 
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
To help ensure that we maintain a consistent brand image and uniform and consistent quality and 
service within the EOS Franchise System, you must operate and develop your Franchised Business in strict 
conformance with our methods, standards and specifications and obtain certain supplies, inventory, and 
advertising materials in strict compliance with our specifications and only from us, our affiliates or the 
authorized manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, merchants or providers designated or approved 
by us. Our methods, standards and specifications (our “Franchise System Standards”) are prescribed in the 
Franchise Agreement and our confidential operations manual, which we provide to you in the form of one 
or more manuals, Internet catalogues, technical bulletins or other written materials in hard copy, electronic 
or otherwise, and which we update from time to time (“Operations Manual”). See Item 11 for more 
information about our Operations Manual. All Services, inventory, supplies, computer software and 
hardware, insurance, marketing components and techniques, customer service standards, and other supplies 
used in your Franchised Business must comply with our Franchise System Standards. 
 
We formulate and modify our Franchise System Standards based upon the collective experience of 
our franchisees, affiliates, employees, and principals. We will disclose to you, in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing, any specifications for the Services and the Products by designating approved brands, 
types, compositions, performance standards, qualities or suppliers. You must sell and offer for sale all 
Services required by us in the manner and method we require. You must not deviate from our Franchise 
System Standards without obtaining our prior written consent, and must discontinue selling and offering 
for sale any items and Services that we may disapprove in writing at any time. This creates a pure, consistent 
experience for all EOS Clients.  We may periodically change our Franchise System Standards at our sole 
discretion and we reserve the unlimited right to formulate, modify and supplement our Franchise System 
Standards for operating the Franchised Business. We will try to provide you with as much written notice as 
possible of any changes as they occur, which may include through mail, e-mail, newsletters, posting on our 
Website, updates to the Operations Manual or by other means. You must implement all changes as soon as 
practical at your sole expense. You may incur increased costs to comply with our changes. We may also 
require you to occasionally participate in the test marketing of potential products and services. 
 
Approved Products, Services, and Suppliers 
 
With our turnkey type model, currently, you must only purchase Leadership Team Manuals, certain 
designated EOS branded session materials and supplies, business cards, as well as other written and bound 
materials used with Clients and prospects during your Client sessions, from or though us.  Each of these 
materials and supplies are sold through the EOS Online Store. You are prohibited from reproducing, 
copying, replicating or translating any Leadership Team Manuals, videos, books, documents, or other 
copyrighted materials used in your Client sessions or otherwise in any way related to the EOS Franchise 
System or the Marks (see Item 13 below), unless you receive expressed prior written permission from us. 
 
Other than the items described above, you may purchase all other products, services, signs, 
supplies, fixtures, inventory, tools, books (including Traction books sold in our EOS Online Store) and 
other items used in the operation of your Franchised Business from vendors or suppliers of your choice as 
long as the items meet or exceed our Franchise System Standards. 
 
