19 
 
 
part of the EOS related data contained within the Computer System or any Required Technology, until you 
have cured such default completely. 
8.2 
Websites; E-Commerce. 
 
(a) 
We have the right to control all use of www.eosworldwide.com and any future 
websites we create (collectively, the “Website”). You do not have any right to update, upgrade, amend, or 
host the Website. We have the right to control all use of URLs, domain names, websites, addresses, meta- 
tags, links, key words, e-mail addresses and any other means of electronic identification or origin (“e- 
names”) related to the Franchise. We may however provide you certain rights to revise designated sections 
on your microsite, but the framework is owned and determined by us. The Website will contain information 
on the EOS Franchise System, as well as other information we deem appropriate and all changes, additions, 
and deletions are at our sole discretion. Further, you shall, at your sole expense, participate in our websites 
on the Internet or other on-line communications, including an intranet system that we may develop in the 
future unless we provide otherwise. You acknowledge that certain information obtained through your 
participation on our Website may be considered Confidential Information, including access codes and 
identification codes. Your right to participate in our Website terminates when this Agreement expires or 
terminates. You may not establish any separate website, blog or other world wide web or internet-based 
presence which uses or displays any of the e-names, Marks or other Intellectual Property without our prior 
consent. Any other blog, account on a Social Media Platform, e-mail distribution list, or other World Wide 
Web or Internet-based presence which uses or displays any of our Intellectual Property must be conducted 
in accordance with our Franchise System Standards set forth in the Operations Manual. 
 
(b) 
We may require you to, at your expense, operate certain aspects of the Franchised 
Business through E-Commerce methods that we designate from time to time, and in the manner we 
designate from time to time. You must follow all of our policies and procedures for the use and regulation 
of E-Commerce. We may restrict your use of E-Commerce, or any Client’s or other person’s use of E- 
Commerce in connection with the Product and the Services purchases, to a centralized website, portal or 
network or other form of E-Commerce designated by us operated by us or our designee. You recognize and 
agree that between you and us, we own all rights to all interest in and to any data collected via E- Commerce 
related to the EOS Franchise System, the Intellectual Property and the Marks, including any Client Data, 
click-stream data, cookies, user data, hits and the like. All such information constitutes our Confidential 
Information. We may require that Clients be provided access to certain E-Commerce activities that we 
designate from time to time. 
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “E-Commerce” is collectively defined as Internet, intranet system, World 
Wide Web, wireless technology, digital cable, use of e-names, virtual worlds, social media, portals, search 
engine optimization, pay-per-click advertising, home pages, bulletin boards, chat rooms, linking, framing, 
blogs, text messaging, on-line purchasing cooperatives, marketplaces, barter exchanges, and related 
technologies, methods, techniques, registrations, networking, and any electronic communication, 
commerce, computations, or any means of interactive electronic documents contained in a network of 
computers or similar devices linked by communications software. 
 
8.3 
Client Data and Data Security. 
 
(a) 
Any information on Clients related to the Franchised Business, including 
information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, locate, or be traced back to the specific person 
or Client to whom such information pertains, or from which identification or contact information of an 
individual person or Client can be derived, including but not limited to, personally identifiable information 
(“Client Data”) and all information, mailing lists and databases of Client Data from whatever source 
derived, must be used only in in accordance with this Agreement. We retain ownership of all Client Data 
collected or received during the Term and hereby license such Client Data back to you without charge solely 
