32 
 
 
discontinue use of any advertising, marketing or promotional plans or materials, whether or not previously 
approved, on notice from us. Advertising and promotional efforts and programs include, but are in no way 
limited to, local advertising, national or other advertising, press releases, uses of social media platforms or 
other public statements, media and other promotional or public relations events, sponsorships, 
endorsements and online activities (to the extent permissible in this Agreement). You acknowledge that if 
you enter into any contract or binding arrangement to use any unapproved advertising or otherwise engage 
in any unauthorized advertising or promotional efforts, you are doing so at your own risk and therefore, in 
addition to any rights and remedies in law or in equity that we may have pursuant to this Agreement, you 
may be obligated to pay for advertising or promotional materials or programs which we will not allow to 
be used for the Franchised Business or the EOS Franchise System. 
11.2 
Grand Opening Advertising.  
 
There is currently no requirement that you engage in a specific grand opening promotion outside 
of regular marketing efforts, such as through social media, e-mail marketing, and local networking and 
business resources. You are not required to spend any amount on grand opening promotions, but we 
recommend you purchase Traction books (which are available for purchase at the EOS Online Store or 
from third parties) to use in your marketing and promotional efforts. 
11.3 
Local Marketing; Special Marketing or Cooperative Programs.  
 
We do not currently require you spend any minimum amount for local marketing, however, you 
may wish to conduct local marketing and advertising activities and create marketing co-ops with fellow 
franchisees, including sponsoring local peer groups to publicize your Franchised Business. We may also 
establish or otherwise participate in cooperative or special marketing programs. Cooperative advertising or 
other special marketing programs may include select paid media or other advertising as a flat fee or 
minimum percentage of revenue. These cooperative or special marketing programs may vary in duration, 
apply on a local, regional, national or international basis, or involve clusters or groups of Franchised 
Businesses utilizing services on a shared basis. Examples include sales and marketing programs and 
customer satisfaction programs. Any such programs may be optional for franchisees or we may require 
participation. 
11.4 
Brand Development Fund. 
 
(a) 
We may form a Brand Development Fund to promote EOS, the EOS Franchise 
System and its Services and Products. The terms of this Section 11.4 are forward thinking to the extent any 
such Brand Fund may be formed in the future; provided, however, you would be required to comply with 
applicable terms and conditions for the Brand Fund as we may establish and update from time to time. The 
Brand Fund will be used for national, international and/or regional advertising, publicity and promotion 
relating to EOS and the EOS Franchise System. We will have the right to determine the manner in which 
the contributions to the Brand Fund are spent, and we may use any form of media we determine is 
appropriate to conduct advertising and may utilize an in-house advertising department or outside agencies. 
Some portion of the Brand Fund may be used for creative concept production, website development, 
marketing surveys, test marketing and related purposes. We will have the right to direct all advertising 
activities with sole discretion over creative concepts, materials and media used, as well as their placement 
and allocation, and the right to determine, in our sole discretion, the composition of all geographic and 
market areas for the implementation of any such advertising and promotional activities. 
 
(b) 
The Brand Fund will be operated to maximize general public recognition of the 
Marks and patronage of EOS Worldwide businesses and therefore, we have no obligation to ensure that 
expenditures of the Brand Fund in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to 
payments of the Brand Fund contributions by franchisees operating in that geographic area, or that any 
franchisee’s business will benefit directly from any uses or proportionately with any other franchisees. 
 
