48 
 
 
purposes of operating the Franchised Business and will only conduct the Franchised Business and no other 
business; and 
 
(e) 
you personally and unconditionally, jointly and severally with the Business Entity 
(a) guarantee to us and our successors and assigns that the Business Entity, as applicable, will punctually 
perform each and every undertaking, agreement and covenant set forth in this Agreement as if the Business 
Entity was the named “franchisee” hereunder; and (b) agree to be personally liable, jointly and severally 
with the Business Entity, to us and our affiliates for the performance by, and any breach of, the Business 
Entity of each and every covenant and other provision in this Agreement. 
 
20. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
 
20.1 
Governing Law.  
 
Except to the extent this Agreement or any particular dispute is governed by the U.S. Trademark 
Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §1051 and the sections following it) or other federal law, this 
Agreement and the Franchise shall be enforced and governed by and under the substantive law of the State 
of Delaware, without regard to choice of law rules, unless otherwise provided herein. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction.  
 
Except as otherwise set forth herein, the exclusive venue and exclusive forum for all disputes 
between the parties shall be any court of general jurisdiction located in Delaware and/or the United States 
District Court for the District of Delaware, and the parties to this Agreement hereby waive any and all 
objections with regard to personal jurisdiction and/or venue. 
Notwithstanding Section 20.1 or Section 20.2 to the contrary, if the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which 
you operate the Franchised Business requires or deems or the laws of any other state or jurisdiction in which 
you do business require or deem that the laws of such state or jurisdiction apply to this Agreement and/or 
the grant of the franchise contemplated hereunder, then the laws of such state or jurisdiction and any dispute 
resolution proceedings shall apply and be conducted in and in accordance with the applicable laws of such 
state or jurisdiction to the extent required  Nothing in this Agreement shall restrict the application of the 
applicable franchise legislation in such state or jurisdiction or to restrict jurisdiction or venue to a forum 
outside of such state or jurisdiction with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under such applicable 
franchise legislation.    
20.3 
Internal Dispute Resolution.  
 
Prior to the initiation of formal dispute resolution procedures, you must first attempt to resolve any 
dispute with us or our affiliates informally in accordance with the following internal dispute resolution 
procedure (“IDR”): 
(a) 
You must notify us in writing of any dispute in accordance with Section 18; 
 
(b) 
You and a member of our management team with decision making authority will 
then meet as often, for a duration and as promptly as the parties deem necessary, to discuss the dispute and 
negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute. The specific format for such discussions will be left to the 
discretion of the parties. 
 
(c) 
Formal proceedings for the resolution of a dispute may not be commenced until 
the earlier of: (i) the good faith determination by either party that amicable resolution through continued 
negotiation of the matter does not appear likely; or (ii) sixty (60) days following the date of your initial 
written notice to us. 
 
This agreement to first attempt resolution of disputes internally through IDR will survive 
