39 
 
 
(b) 
You further acknowledge that a Transfer will not relieve you of any of your 
obligations contained in this Agreement unless expressly released by us in writing. Accordingly, you will 
unless otherwise released by us in writing, remain jointly and severally responsible with your transferee for 
any obligations arising or accruing in connection with your operation of the Franchised Business, including 
with respect to any indemnification obligations under this Agreement and any obligations to provide us 
information and cooperation related to the Franchise, which shall survive such Transfer and the execution 
by the transferee of any new franchise agreement for all purposes. For purposes of Section 16 of this 
Agreement, such Transfer shall be deemed a termination of this Agreement for purposes of determining 
your post-Transfer obligations therein. 
 
(c) 
Subject to Section 15.8(b) above, upon the consummation of a Transfer approved 
by us, you will not have any liability under this Agreement for any claim, debt, liability, cause of action or 
other obligation that accrues as a result of your transferee’s operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
15.9 
Waiver of Interference Claims.  
 
You acknowledge that we have legitimate reasons to evaluate the qualifications of potential 
transferees and to analyze and critique the terms of their purchase contracts with you. You also acknowledge 
that our contact with potential transferees for the purpose of protecting our business interests will not 
constitute wrongful conduct, including without limitation, unlawful interference with your business or 
contracts. You expressly authorize us to investigate any potential transferee’s qualifications, to analyze and 
critique the proposed purchase terms with the transferee, and to withhold consent to economically 
questionable transactions where reasonable to do so. Without limitation of the foregoing, you waive any 
claim that any action we take in relation to a proposed Transfer to protect our business interests constitutes 
tortious interference with contractual or business relationships and you shall indemnify us, hold us harmless 
from, and defend us against any and all claims by your transferee in connection with any such reasonable 
action we take in relation to a proposed Transfer to protect our business interests, including claims for 
tortious interference with contractual or business relationships. 
16. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. 
 
16.1 
Confidential Information.  
 
During the Term, we will give you, and you will have access to, a variety of information concerning 
us, our affiliates and the EOS Franchise System including: the Operations Manual; Franchise System 
Standards; Services; methods for operating, managing, developing, performing, or coordinating any aspect 
of the Franchised Business; equipment or supplies, including, without limitation, those used in the provision 
of the Services; recruitment, training, marketing or compensation methods; Client and prospective Client 
information and lists; referral sources; billing and collection methods; financial information; pricing 
methods, business plans and other information about us, our affiliates and information about our approved 
suppliers; strategic partners, vendors, employees, and independent contractors and any other information 
we deem confidential (collectively, the “Confidential Information”). However, Confidential Information 
will not include any information which (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public 
domain prior to the disclosure to you; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after 
disclosure to you through no action or inaction of you, your Personnel or the Franchised Business; (iii) is 
obtained from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and without duties of confidentiality 
with respect to such information; or (iv) is independently developed without use of or reference to the any 
Confidential Information. Specific information shall not be deemed subject to any of the foregoing 
exceptions merely because it is embraced by more general information subject to one or more of such 
exceptions, nor shall specific combinations of information be deemed subject to any of the foregoing 
exceptions merely because the individual items which make up the combination are embraced by one or 
more of such exceptions. You will bear the burden of proof that Confidential Information falls into any one 
