17 
 
 
network via e-mail; therefore, you must actively monitor these e-mail accounts regularly and may not take 
any action that would restrict our ability to communicate with you via these e-mail addresses, including by 
way of opting out or unsubscribing from business or operational e-mail lists. These e-mail accounts may 
be provided on domains or servers owned or controlled by us, and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, we may inspect and search these domains and related accounts when an inspection or investigation is 
necessary for purposes of promoting safety, troubleshooting technology issues or for other legitimate 
business purposes. You should therefore have no expectation of absolute privacy regarding the use of 
Franchisor issued e-mail accounts, and you should inform your applicable Personnel who may use these e-
mail accounts on our domains of these rights and must ensure that any such issued e-mail accounts are only 
used for Franchised Business operations and not for personal or unrelated business. You must, and must 
also ensure that any Personnel who use such e-mail accounts, comply with any published notices, 
guidelines, policies or other acceptable use rules that we or our affiliates may prescribe from time to time 
in connection with any such e-mail use. 
 
7.3 
Approved Equipment and Supplies. 
 
(a) 
Any vendor, supplier, merchant, retailer, wholesaler or seller we require or permit 
that you purchase goods or services from is an “Approved Supplier(s)”. Unless otherwise approved by us 
in writing and to help preserve the integrity of the EOS Franchise System and our brand reputation and to 
help ensure brand consistency, you must purchase Leadership Team Manuals, certain designated EOS 
branded items, other written and bound materials used with Clients during your Sessions, and related 
products we designate from our EOS Online Store as the sole Approved Supplier. You are prohibited from 
reproducing, copying, translating or replicating any Materials (including Leadership Team Manuals) or 
other copyrighted materials used with Clients during your Sessions or otherwise. We reserve the right to: 
(i) designate Approved Suppliers for any other products, services, branded items, signs, supplies, fixtures, 
inventory, tools and other services, assets, products, or materials utilized by you to operate your Franchise, 
which we may change, alter, or amend from time to time; (ii) name us or any of our affiliates as Approved 
Suppliers and require you to order through us certain Products, goods, materials or services, as we may 
specify from time to time; and/or (iii) derive revenue from your required purchases ordered through us or 
our Approved Suppliers to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
 
(b) 
Other than the items we may require as described above, you may purchase all 
other products, services, signs, supplies, fixtures, inventory, tools, books (including Traction books sold in 
our EOS Online Store) and other items purchased for use in the operation of your Franchised Business from 
vendors or suppliers of your choice as long as the items meet or exceed Franchise System Standards. 
 
(c) 
If you propose to substitute any Approved Suppliers or any Materials, Products or 
Services, you must notify us in writing and submit sufficient information, samples, and specifications to 
allow us to determine if the supplier and/or supplies meet our approved criteria. It is in our sole discretion 
whether to test additional supplies and/or suppliers you propose. If we agree to evaluate a proposed 
substitute, then we will provide you with written notification of the approval or disapproval within sixty 
(60) days from the date we receive notice and all information and samples. All criteria used by us or our 
designee in making our determination and any further procedures for obtaining approval of a new supplier 
or supplies are set forth in the Operations Manual. 
 
(d) 
Approved Suppliers are selected based on factors we deem appropriate in our 
discretion in a manner designed to help preserve the integrity of the EOS Franchise System and our brand 
reputation and ensure brand consistency.  Factors include, without limitation, previous experience with us, 
our affiliates or the EOS Franchise System; recommendations we have received from franchisees or other 
third parties; reputation in the industry; and willingness to provide preferred pricing for franchisees. 
However, by listing any third party as an Approved Supplier or otherwise recommending any third party, 
