53 
 
 
 
Franchisor and Franchisee will each execute and deliver, or cause the execution and delivery of, 
such further instruments, contracts, forms or other documents, and will perform such further acts, as may 
be necessary or desirable to perform or complete any term, covenant or obligation contained in this 
Agreement. 
 
21.9 
Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws.  
 
You agree to comply, and to assist us to the fullest extent possible in our efforts to comply with 
Anti-Terrorism Laws. “Anti-Terrorism Laws” mean Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the 
United States (see Section 21.15 below), the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present and future local, 
state, provincial, federal, national or international laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists, and other 
requirements of any governmental authority addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of 
war. Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by you, or any blocking of your assets under the Anti-
Terrorism Laws, shall constitute good cause for immediate termination of this Agreement. 
 
21.10 Survival.  
 
All obligations under this Agreement (whether yours or ours) which expressly or by their nature 
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect after and 
notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement until such provisions are satisfied in full 
or by their nature expire. 
 
21.11 Notice of Potential Franchisor and Affiliate Profit.  
 
You acknowledge that we and our affiliates will make available to you products and/or services for 
use in the Franchised Business on terms which we and our affiliates will make a profit. We further advise 
you that we and our affiliates periodically may receive incentives, volume rebates, allowances, 
consideration, and other benefits from suppliers and manufacturers, including Approved Suppliers, directly 
or indirectly, as a result of sales of products, supplies or services to you or by reason of such supplier, 
provider or manufacturer furnishing products or services to you and whether or not such products, supplies 
or services are required to be purchased in connection with the operation of the Franchise. Therefore, you 
acknowledge that we and our affiliates are entitled to retain such profits, consideration, and/or other benefits 
without sharing the same with you or advising you of the existence, amount, or nature of same, in case 
subject to and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
21.12 Force Majeure.  
 
Whenever a period of time is provided in this Agreement for either party to perform any act, except 
for Franchisee’s payment of monies to Franchisor or any Franchisor affiliate, neither party shall be liable 
nor responsible for any delays due to strikes, lockouts, casualties, acts of God, war, terrorism, governmental 
regulation or control or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Franchisor and Franchisee, and the 
time period for the performance of such act shall be extended for the amount of time of the delay. This 
clause shall not result in an extension of the Term. 
21.13 Interpretation. 
 
(a) 
Whenever this Agreement provides that we have a certain right, that right is 
absolute and the parties intend that our exercise of that right will not be subject to any limitation or review. 
We have the right to operate, administrate, develop, and change the EOS Franchise System in any manner 
that is not specifically precluded by the provisions of this Agreement, although this right does not modify 
any express limitations set forth in this Agreement. 
 
(b) 
Subject to applicable law, whenever in this Agreement we are permitted or 
