50 
 
 
party wishing to take such a deposition must describe with reasonable particularity, in the notice of 
deposition, the matters to be inquired into at the deposition, and where we are the party being deposed, we 
must designate at least one designated representative who consents to testify on our behalf. No other 
discovery depositions shall occur, unless the arbitrator finds such additional depositions to be necessary 
after written request and an opportunity to be heard. Each party shall be permitted up to ten (10) 
interrogatories and reasonable requests for production of documents. Each party shall be entitled to file a 
motion to dismiss, a motion for summary judgment and reasonable motions in limine. The arbitrator shall 
permit a responding party a reasonable period of time to respond in writing to any such motions. The 
arbitrator shall apply the Federal Rules of Evidence at the hearings. The arbitrator’s award shall include an 
award of pre-hearing interest from the date upon which any damages were incurred, and from the date of 
the award until paid in full, at a rate to be fixed by the arbitrator, but in no event less than one and one-half 
percent (1.5%) per month, or part of a month (unless a lower rate is required by law). The prevailing party 
shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all costs of arbitration, including, without 
limitation, the arbitrator’s fee, interest, and costs of investigation pursuant to Section 20.14 below. In 
addition, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of its reasonable and necessary legal fees. The 
arbitration hearings shall be completed within one hundred and fifty (150) days of the filing of the 
arbitration demand, unless the arbitrator, for good cause, must extend this deadline. 
 
(b) 
The arbitrator shall have no authority to amend or modify the terms of the 
Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no issue of fact or law shall be given preclusive or 
collateral estoppel effect in any arbitration hereunder, except to the extent such issue may have been 
determined in another proceeding between the parties. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrator shall be 
submitted for confirmation to the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or any other 
court of general jurisdiction located in Delaware and, if confirmed, may be subsequently entered and/or 
docketed, including as a judgment, in any court having competent jurisdiction. Similarly, any appeals from 
and/or relating to any arbitration which may be brought in accordance with this Section 20.5 shall be heard 
before the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, or any other court of general jurisdiction 
located in Delaware. 
 
(c) 
The arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall survive any termination or 
expiration of this Agreement. 
 
20.6 
Injunctive Relief.  
 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent us from applying to and/or obtaining from any 
court having competent jurisdiction, a writ of attachment, injunctive relief, including without limitation, a 
temporary, preliminary or permanent injunction and/or other interlocutory or emergency relief available to 
safeguard and protect our interests. We are entitled to seek this relief without the posting of any bond or 
security and, if a bond is nevertheless required by a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties expressly 
agree that the sum of $1,000 is a sufficient bond. 
20.7 
Third Party Beneficiaries.  
 
Our affiliates, and the Brand Fund (as applicable) and their respective officers, directors, members, 
agents, representatives, affiliates, and/or employees are express third party beneficiaries of the provisions 
of this Agreement, including rights to indemnification and the mediation and arbitration provision set forth 
in this Section 20, each having authority to specifically enforce the right to mediate/arbitrate/litigate claims 
asserted against such person(s) by you or asserted in relation to this Agreement. 
20.8 
Prior Notice of Claims.  
 
As a condition precedent to commencing an action for damages or for our violation or breach of 
