32 
 
 The history of EOS 
 Generating your own Warm Leads to build your Client 
list 
 Following our One-Page Business Development Process 
to grow Franchised Business; 
 How to create the context with a potential client by 
delivering a powerful 90 Minute Meeting 
 How to use all of the EOS Worldwide resources to grow 
and support your Franchised Business 
 How to clarify your personal business plan and achieve 
the future you want with your Franchised Business 
27.0 
0 
Instructor led training in 
Detroit, MI; Denver, CO 
We do not currently offer 
Boot Camp training 
virtually but reserve the 
right to do so in the future 
or at other locations 
TOTAL HOURS 
27 
0 
 
Note 1: International options are also available (e.g., London, England and Sydney Australia); 
however, you may not attend an international Boot Camp without our express written permission, as these 
are designed to support new Implementers in those regions.  No refunds or adjustments to your Boot Camp 
Fee will be provided if you attend any such international Boot Camp even with our permission, even if the 
fees are different for any such international Boot Camp. 
We reserve the right to amend, modify, supplement, vary and/or delete any portion of the contents 
of our training programs. 
 
Currently, we schedule one Boot Camp session per location per calendar quarter. However, we may 
change this schedule based on demand. We reserve the right to hold our Boot Camp on an “as-needed” 
basis based on the number of new franchisees in the EOS Franchise System and the number of new 
Implementers attending,  staffing and other factors. Training is currently conducted by the Implementer 
Development Team under the direction of Victoria Cabot, our Programming & Community Training 
Director. Victoria also is an EOS Implementer, like you.  Please see Item 2 for additional information about 
Victoria’s background. We may engage other experienced EOS Implementers as instructors for our training 
programs. 
 
On-Going Training Access 
 
In addition to Boot Camp, we will provide you continuing access to our online training platform 
(currently called the Dojo). As this access is included as part of your Monthly Membership Fee, we do not 
charge an additional fee for this access; however, your access to our online training platform terminates on 
the termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement. In addition, you must complete the online 
training courses from time to time.  
 
Implementer Development 
 
We may employ or engage others that may assist you with the ongoing operation of the Franchised 
Business as we deem appropriate and which may be other franchisees. As part of our Implementer 
Development Program, we will assign to you a 180 Day Sprint coach to act as your coach during your first 
one hundred eighty (180) days taking you through Boot Camp. After your first one hundred eighty (180) 
days, you will transition under the guidance of our Professional leader, an EOS Implementer that develops 
programs for our Professional EOS Implementer Community.  As you progress through your EOS journey, 
