 
B-3 
 
FOR THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT 
 
If Franchisor fails to deliver the products or supplies or fails to render the services necessary to 
begin substantial operation of the Franchised Business within forty-five days of the delivery date stated in 
the Franchise Agreement, you may notify Franchisor in writing and demand that Franchise Agreement be 
cancelled. Further, any provision of the Franchise Agreement which limits your right to a refund shall be 
qualified by the foregoing in the event you exercise this right to cancel the Franchise Agreement. In all 
other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF HAWAII 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, Hawaii Revised Statutes, 
Title 26, Chapter 482E et seq., the Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended 
as follows: 
 
1. Termination; Non-Renewal and Transfers. The Hawaii Franchise Investment Law provides rights 
to Franchisee concerning non-renewal, termination and transfer of the Franchise Agreement. If the 
Agreement, and more specifically Sections 2.3 and 17, contains a provision that is inconsistent with 
the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law shall control. 
 
2. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; each such release shall 
exclude claims arising under the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law. 
 
3. Bankruptcy. Section 17.2(d), which terminates the Franchise Agreement upon the bankruptcy of 
Franchisee, may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq.). 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF IDAHO 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Idaho Code, Title 29, Chapter 1, Section 29-110 
(Limitations on Right to Sue – Franchise Agreement), the Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide 
Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. Jurisdiction and Venue. Notwithstanding any provision in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, 
in the event Franchisee is a business entity organized under the laws of the state of Idaho or is an 
individual resident of Idaho, jurisdiction and venue for court litigations shall be in Idaho, and any 
provision in the Franchise Agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside the 
State of Idaho is void. 
 
2. Limitations of Claims. Notwithstanding any provision in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, 
in the event Franchisee is an individual resident of Idaho, any provision in the Franchise Agreement 
which limits the time frame in which either party may enforce its rights is void. 
 
3. No Limitations on Rights. Notwithstanding any provision in the Franchise Agreement to the 
contrary, in the event Franchisee is an individual resident of Idaho, any provision in the Franchise 
Agreement which restricts either party from enforcing its rights under this Agreement by the usual 
proceedings in ordinary tribunals is void. 
 
