10 
 
 
4.11 
Insufficient Funds Fees.  
 
If your payment method cannot be authorized or is otherwise in error, due to expiration, insufficient 
funds, or otherwise, you will pay to us an insufficient funds fee equal to our then current reasonable fee for 
delinquent funds per violation. For some payment methods, your bank or the issuer may charge you certain 
additional fees relating to the processing of your failed payment. In the event of a failure of your payment 
method, we may take reasonable steps to retry your payment method, or we may contact you to reconfirm 
or update your payment method. This fee is in addition to interest on any overdue amount, as described in 
Section 4.12 below. You are responsible for any other penalties, fines or other similar expenses associated 
with the transfer of funds described in this Agreement, including, foreign transaction fees and any overdraft 
fees. 
4.12 
Interest on Late Payments.  
 
If any fee or other payment due to us or our affiliates under this Agreement is not paid on or before 
its due date, you agree to pay us, in addition to the overdue amount, interest on any overdue payment of 
one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month (or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is lower). Interest 
on any overdue amount shall begin to accrue thirty (30) days after the original due date until payment in 
full is received. Interest as enumerated in this Section 4.12 shall also apply to any understated amounts as 
revealed by an audit of your financial records. You acknowledge that this Section 4.12 is not our agreement 
to accept any payments after they are due or our commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance your 
operation of, your Franchise. You further acknowledge that your failure to pay all amounts that you owe us 
when due constitutes grounds for our terminating this Agreement under Section 17, notwithstanding this 
Section. 
4.13 
Fees and Payments.  
 
(a) 
Unless expressly stated otherwise, each payment to be made to us hereunder shall 
be free and clear and without deduction for any (i) currency control restrictions, bank charges, fees, duties 
or other transactional costs or (ii) applicable sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes (VAT), goods and 
services taxes (GST), and similar taxes (as defined in Section 12.2(b) that are properly chargeable thereon 
(in each case, as applicable, “Transfer Taxes”).  We will not in any event be liable to withhold or deduct 
any such amounts or for any claim, loss, damages, costs or payments whatsoever arising in relation to the 
withholding or deduction of such amounts. 
(b) 
You are responsible for ascertaining if payments made to us or our affiliates under 
this Agreement require any withholding or deduction for present or future Transfer Taxes under applicable 
law, and are also responsible for remitting such Transfer Taxes in a timely manner to the appropriate taxing 
authority in each respective jurisdiction. If any such Transfer Taxes are payable on our (including our 
affiliates’) supply of any goods or services to you, our fees will be increased to account for any such 
Transfer Taxes.  
(c) 
If any amounts payable by you to us are subject to any such withholding taxes as 
required under applicable law, you shall promptly deliver to us at the time of payment all receipts of 
applicable governmental authorities for all such taxes withheld or paid.  If you or any other person is 
required by any law or regulation to make any deduction or withholding (on account of a Transfer Tax or 
otherwise) from any payment for us or our affiliate’s account, you shall, at our option, either: (a) together 
with the payment, pay such additional amount as will ensure that we or our affiliate receives (free and clear 
of any Transfer Tax or other deductions or withholding) the full amount which we would have received if 
no such deduction or withholding had been required; or (b) make such payment having taken into account 
the relevant deduction or withholding (on account of Transfer Tax or otherwise). 
