44 
 
 
supplier/creditor of ours or you commit any act or omission constituting fraud, misrepresentation or similar 
act or omission, whether with respect to us, any related entities and/or any third party; or 
 
(i) 
default, on three (3) or more separate occasions within any term of your Franchise, 
on any of your material obligations to us or an affiliate, whether or not cured (including failure to adhere to 
any of our Core Values), and/or other third parties, the Operations Manual or otherwise; 
 
(j) 
fail to commence operation of the Franchise within the time prescribed in Section 
10.6 of this Agreement; or 
 
(k) 
fail to pay any taxes when due; or 
(l) 
make any misrepresentation on your franchise application or supporting 
documentation. 
 
17.3 
By Franchisor – Curable Breaches.  
 
The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a curable default under this 
Agreement. You may cure such default by taking appropriate remedial action within the prescribed time 
set forth below. Unless you cure such default before the end of the indicated remedial period, we may 
terminate this Agreement or take any other actions as this Agreement permits. 
(a) 
You fail to timely remit the monthly Membership Fee under Section 4.2 hereof 
which is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice from us. 
 
(b) 
You fail to remit any other payments immediately when due to us or our affiliates 
and fail to cure such breach within ten (10) days after written notice from us. 
 
(c) 
You fail to remit any payments immediately when due to a supplier, vendor, 
broker, landlord, or other third party owed by the Franchise and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) 
days after written notice from us. 
 
(d) 
You make any unauthorized use of the Marks or you otherwise violate any of the 
provisions of Section 9 hereof which is not cured within five (5) business days of written notice from us. 
 
(e) 
You breach Section 10.4 and fail to cure such breach within five (5) business days 
after written notice from us. 
 
(f) 
You breach Section 10.11 and fail to cure such breach within fifteen (15) days after 
written notice from us. 
 
(g) 
For Professional EOS Implementers, fail to meet the Minimum Performance 
Requirements for a Measurement Period pursuant to Section 10.16 of this Agreement, and fail to cure such 
failure within the applicable cure period prescribed by us along with your attendance and active 
participation in required Remedial Training (and which such cure period shall be no less than thirty (30) 
days). 
 
(h) 
You breach any other obligation, covenant or representation under this Agreement 
(other than the non-curable defaults described in Section 17.2 above or those with shorter cure periods 
described in Section 17.3(a) through (g) above) and fail to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days after 
written notice from us specifying the breach alleged to have occurred and the action to be taken by you 
curing the same, whether or not such breach is outlined in the Operations Manual, including but not limited 
to your: (i) failure to operate the Franchise in accordance with the Operations Manual and/or other manuals, 
