33 
 
 
(c) 
Brand Fund contributions paid will be kept separate and distinct and will be 
accounted for separately from our other funds. These funds will not be used to defray any of our general 
operating expenses, except as described in the paragraph above, and no amount of the Brand Fund will be 
spent for advertising that is principally a solicitation for the sale of franchises, although we will retain the 
right to include “Franchises Available” or “Interested in becoming a Professional EOS Implementer” or 
similar language along with our contact information on Brand Fund advertising. 
 
(d) 
We may reimburse ourselves out of the Brand Fund for the total costs (including 
indirect costs) of developing, producing and distributing any advertising materials and administering the 
Brand Fund (including without limitation, legal, auditing and accounting fees, salaries of in-house 
advertising personnel and outside advertising agencies and other expenses incurred in connection with 
collecting any Brand Fund contributions). 
 
(e) 
Any sums paid to the Brand Fund that are not spent in the year they are collected 
will carry over to the following year. For any fiscal year in which we operate or maintain a Brand Fund to 
which you contribute, then within one hundred twenty (120) days of the fiscal year-end, we will prepare, 
and furnish to you upon written request, an annual, unaudited statement of funds collected and costs 
incurred. 
(f) 
Except as expressly provided in this Section, we assume no direct or indirect 
liability or obligation to you with respect to collecting amounts due to the Brand Fund. 
 
(g) 
For purposes of this Agreement, the Brand Fund will be deemed to be our affiliate. 
 
11.5 
Advisory Council.  
 
 
We reserve the right to form an advisory council. Any advisory council created will act in an 
advisory capacity only and will not have decision making authority. We will have the right to form, change, 
merge and/or dissolve any advisory council at any time. The membership of any advisory council may be 
determined in our sole discretion and you have no right to sit on an advisory council. If you are chosen and 
agree to participate on an advisory council, you will pay all costs and expenses you incur related to your 
participation, including expenses for travel, lodging and meals incurred during attendance at council 
meetings. 
12. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. 
 
12.1 
Independent Contractors.  
 
We do not have a fiduciary relationship with you. Neither you nor we are general or special agents, 
representatives, joint venturers, partners or employees of the other for any purpose whatsoever. You are not 
entitled to workers’ compensation, unemployment compensation, or any other statutory or regulatory 
benefit or right predicated on an employer-employee relationship. We have no obligation to carry workers’ 
compensation coverage or pay unemployment compensation taxes or withhold any amounts from payment 
to you for local, state, provincial, federal, national or international income taxes or for social security taxes, 
employment taxes, withholdings or other applicable remittances, unless otherwise required by applicable 
laws and regulations. We have no obligation to provide you with any employment and fringe benefits that 
we may provide to employees, such as health insurance, for example. The foregoing also applies to any 
relationship we have with your Personnel. 
12.2 
Taxes.  
(a) 
You shall promptly pay when due all taxes (as defined below), levied or assessed, 
and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind incurred by you in the conduct of the Franchised 
