18 
 
 
or any advice or recommendations we may offer with respect to any such party, is not, and in no shall be 
deemed, a representation or guarantee as to the products or services provided by these third parties, or will 
make us responsible in any way for any such third parties’ performance or provision of products or services 
to any franchisee. 
 
7.4 
Referral Fee Program.  
 
 
We currently administer a referral fee program where, for any new franchisee that a franchisee 
refers to us that signs a franchise agreement and successfully completes Boot Camp, such franchisee will 
receive $1,500 only if the referred franchisee successfully completes Boot Camp and subject to our terms 
and conditions for this program. To receive a referral fee, you must be active and in good standing under 
this Agreement both at the time of the referral and at the time the referred franchisee successfully completes 
Boot Camp. We reserve the right to eliminate or modify this program upon written notice to you. Additional 
criteria used by us in administering the referral fee program may be set forth in the Operations Manual. 
 
8. 
SYSTEM TECHNOLOGIES. 
 
8.1 
Computer System. 
 
(a) 
You must acquire, license and use a laptop or desktop computer with certain 
computer services, components, peripherals, equipment and computer hardware and general business 
software and any proprietary software (the “Software”) designated or approved by us in the future from 
time to time as Required Technology and as described in the Operations Manual (collectively, the 
“Computer System”). We may require you to obtain as part of the Computer System or other Required 
Technology, computer and communications hardware, equipment, components or software and may modify 
our specifications for, and required components of, the Computer System or Required Technology from 
time to time. You agree to make such modifications and meet such requirements, which may require you 
to incur additional costs. We may require that the Computer System: (i) must have the capacity to submit 
to us reports through our internal system containing information about the number of Sessions held by your 
Franchised Business, revenue generated, average ratings and other information we require, and otherwise 
be capable of connecting with our computer system, (ii) perform the functions we designate including 
viewing training, reporting sessions, facilitating virtual sessions and attending virtual meetings, (iii) operate 
the most current version of Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, or Firefox Internet browser; (iv) 
permit us to review the results of your Franchise’s operations, and/or (v) be capable of engaging in any E- 
Commerce (as defined below) activities that we designate or approve. You may purchase your Computer 
System from any supplier, unless we designate a specific or exclusive Approved Supplier. 
 
(b) 
You must upgrade the Computer System, and/or obtain service and support, as we 
require or as is necessary because of technological developments, risk assessments, or events. To the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, there are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of your 
obligation to obtain any such maintenance, updates or upgrades, and we have no obligation to reimburse 
you for any of these costs. Unless we otherwise agree to in writing, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
provide you with any maintenance repairs, updates or upgrades for your Computer System but we may 
assist you in our discretion in troubleshooting potential issues related to the Software. 
 
(c) 
You must have access to high-speed Wi-Fi Internet to access our online systems 
(such as our online training platform), and are responsible for all costs and expenses associated with your 
access, including connection charges. 
 
(d) 
If you are in default of any material obligations under this Agreement, we may, in 
addition to any other remedy we may have under this Agreement, temporarily restrict your access to all or 
