43 
 
confidentiality obligations will extend to these amendments. You may only share access to Confidential 
Information with your employees or other persons affiliated with your Franchised Business on a strict need 
to know basis. We may however require that such other persons and employees affiliated with your 
Franchised Business sign our then-standard form confidentiality agreement; however, you are ultimately 
responsible for ensuring confidentiality of Confidential Information that you share with any such employees 
or other third person, directly or by providing access to any EOS Worldwide system. 
 
All ideas, concepts, techniques and other newly developed information or materials relating to the 
Franchised Business (hereinafter “Information”), whether or not constituting protectable intellectual 
property, and whether created by or on behalf of you, must be promptly disclosed to us, will be considered 
our property and part of our System and will be considered to be works made-for-hire for us. You assign 
the Information to us under the Franchise Agreement, and you must sign whatever documents we request 
to evidence our ownership or to assist us in securing intellectual property rights in these ideas, concepts, 
techniques or materials. We may, in our sole discretion determine whether you will receive any form of 
compensation or consideration in exchange for ideas, concepts, and techniques and other newly developed 
information or materials relating to the Franchised Business which you develop. We make no guarantees 
that you will be entitled to any form of compensation for such Information. 
 
Client Data 
 
All information, mailing lists, Client information and databases of Client Data from whatever 
source derived, will, at our request, and in any event when provided by you to us, be our property. You 
must enter all Client Data and information accurately into our systems as outlined in the Operations Manual 
and failure to do so could result in termination of your Franchise Agreement. You may not use such 
information, except in connection with your Franchised Business in accordance with the Franchise 
Agreement and the Operations Manual. You also may not use, process, copy, display, publish, store or 
transfer the Client Data without our express written approval. You must comply with all applicable laws 
with respect to Client Data; in addition, you must comply with all data privacy and security requirements 
we may establish from time to time and to exert commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the unauthorized 
use, dissemination, or publication of Client Data, subject in all instances to applicable laws. You will 
promptly notify us if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorized access to the Client Data, or if you 
become the subject of any governmental, regulatory or other enforcement or private proceeding relating to 
your data handling practices of Client Data. You agree in the Franchise Agreement to indemnify us for all 
third-party claims related to your use of Client Data. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
BUSINESS 
 
You must sign the Franchise Agreement personally as the “Franchisee” under the Franchise 
Agreement and must serve as the sole Implementer for your Franchised Business. You may still choose to 
use an Operating Entity in connection with the operation of your Franchised Business but you must maintain 
a majority ownership (i.e., at least 51% unless we permit otherwise) in the Operating Entity. This interest 
may not be pledged, mortgaged, hypothecated, or be subjected to any lien, charge, or encumbrance, voting 
agreement, proxy, security interest or purchase right or option, without our prior written consent. You may 
have other owners, operators, or managers, for your Franchised Business or Operating Entity, but such 
individuals may not be an Implementer or provide Implementer Services to Clients, and such individuals 
will not attend, or be required to successfully complete, Boot Camp. You must disclose to us any such 
passive owners, operators, or managers. 
You must attend and successfully complete Boot Camp, our training program, prior to providing 
