 
B-12 
 
agreement. To cancel this transaction, mail or deliver a signed and dated copy of this cancellation notice or 
any other written notice, or send a telegram, to EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC, at 2254 Cole Street, 
Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009, not later than midnight of (enter date). 
 
I hereby cancel this transaction. 
 
 
(Date) (Purchaser’s signature) 
 
In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND 
 
In recognition of the requirements of The Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act §19-28.1-14, the 
Franchise Agreement for EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. General Release. Sections 2.3 and 15.5(f) require Franchisee to sign a general release as a condition 
of renewal or transfer of the franchise and Section 17.1 requires Franchisee to sign a general release 
as a condition to exercising its right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; such release shall 
exclude claims arising under The Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
 
2. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Rhode Island supersede any provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under The Rhode Island Franchise 
Investment Act. 
 
3. Jurisdiction and Venue. With respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under The Rhode Island 
Franchise Investment Act, any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction 
or venue, or requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of Rhode 
Island, is deleted. 
 
4. In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its terms. 
 
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA 
 
In recognition of the requirements of Virginia Retail Franchising Act, the Franchise Agreement for 
EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC is amended as follows: 
 
1. Bankruptcy. Section 17.2(d), which terminates the Franchise Agreement upon the bankruptcy of 
Franchisee, may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq). 
 
2. Cross-Defaults. Section 17.4 of the Franchise Agreement will not be applicable to the Franchise 
Agreement signed by the Virginia franchisee entering into the Franchise Agreement. 
 
3. Termination. Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for 
a franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or termination 
stated in the Franchise Agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be 
defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be 
enforceable. 
 
4. Undue Influence. Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful 
