40 
 
 
of the above exceptions.  We consider the Confidential Information to be confidential and our trade secrets. 
You acknowledge that we have expended and continue to expend great amounts of time, money and effort 
in devising and processing the Confidential Information. 
16.2 
Restrictions On Use.  
 
You will use your best efforts and diligence both during and after the Term to protect the 
Confidential Information and our goodwill. You will not, directly or indirectly, use (for yourself or others) 
or disclose any of the Confidential Information to any other person or entity except as is necessary for the 
operation of your Franchise in accordance with our Franchise System Standards; provided, that, in each 
instance, such person or entity, including any Personnel, is on a strict need to know basis and that prior to 
any disclosure of Confidential Information to such person or entity, you shall advise such them of the 
confidential nature of such Confidential Information, your and their obligations hereunder and shall ensure 
that such person or entity is bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations not materially less protective 
than those set forth in this Agreement. You will remain liable for any failure of any such person’s or entity’s 
failure to comply with the non-use and non-disclosure obligations set forth in this Agreement as if such 
failure was your own act or omission. 
16.3 
Mandatory Requests For Information.  
 
If you or anyone to whom you transmit or make available the Confidential Information becomes 
legally compelled (by court order, interrogatories, discovery requests for information or documents, 
subpoenas, civil investigative demands or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, you 
must immediately notify us in writing so that we may seek a protective order, injunction, or other 
interlocutory or emergency relief or remedy. You will reasonably cooperate with us in our efforts to seek 
such protective order or other remedy. In any event, you will furnish only that portion of the Confidential 
Information which is legally required and exercise your best efforts to obtain reliable assurance that 
confidential treatment will be accorded to the Confidential Information. 
16.4 
Return.  
 
Upon termination, expiration, Transfer or non-renewal, or any other time at our request, you must 
promptly deliver to us, or destroy at our request, any and all documents or other materials (including 
documents or notes created by you and information embodied in intangible form, e.g., in computer memory) 
in your possession or control relating, directly or indirectly, to any Confidential Information and all copies 
of it without retaining any copies, duplicates, extracts or portions of it. You shall certify, within five (5) 
days of our request, as to the return or destruction of all such information. 
16.5 
During Term – Competitive Activities.  
 
You acknowledge our legitimate business interest in the Confidential Information and goodwill 
associated with the Franchise System. Therefore, you covenant that during the Term, unless we otherwise 
permit in writing, you may not, directly or indirectly (in any capacity, on your own account or as an owner, 
partner, associate, agent, consultant, licensor, licensee, advisor, employee, independent contractor, member, 
stockholder (except for the passive ownership of five percent (5%) or less of the equity of a publicly traded 
company), officer or otherwise of another), whether alone or in conjunction with any other person or entity, 
do any of the following: 
(a) 
Divert or attempt to divert any business or Client to any competitor or competing 
business, or do or perform any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks, 
Intellectual Property or the Franchise System; 
 
(b) 
Own, maintain, engage in, carry on, participate, be employed by, finance, or have 
any interest in any competitor or competing business; or 
 
(c) 
Divert, induce, or attempt to divert or induce any of our or our affiliates’ clients, 
