13 
 
 
Notes: 
 
1. 
Non-Refundable. The Item 6 table describes other recurring or isolated fees or payments that you 
must pay to us or our affiliates, or which we or our affiliates may impose or collect on behalf of a third 
party, in whole or in part.  Except as otherwise stated above or below in this Item 6, all of the fees listed in 
the table above are uniformly imposed by, payable to, and collected by us or our affiliates, and are non-
refundable. We may however offer special incentive, amnesty, and other programs from time to time, which 
may decrease, waive, or provide for deferral of, any of the fees listed in this Item 6. Programs may only be 
available for specific eligible franchisees or for specified markets that we determine in our sole discretion. 
We may alter or discontinue these programs at any time in our sole discretion.  
 
2. 
Monthly Membership Fee. You must pay us a fixed Monthly Membership Fee based upon your 
tier designation in lieu of a traditional royalty. The Monthly Membership Fee can, and will likely, increase 
over the duration of your franchise. The Monthly Membership Fee commences the first (1st) day of the 
month of your scheduled Boot Camp; however, if for any reason you do not timely attend and complete 
Boot Camp during the six-month period from signing and (and if your Franchise Agreement is not 
terminated due to such failure), your Monthly Membership Fee will commence the first (1st) day of the 
month immediately following the expiration of that six-month period.  If however, you sign up for a Boot 
Camp and fail to attend for any reason, the Monthly Membership Fee will begin on the first day of the 
month of that scheduled Boot Camp notwithstanding any failed attendance or ultimate attendance or 
completion of a subsequent Boot Camp.  
We have established certain criteria for each of our tiers. Our criteria and the rights associated with each 
tier is described in Item 12 below and outlined in detail in our Operations Manual and may change from 
time to time at our discretion. If you meet the criteria outlined in the Operations Manual and elect to upgrade 
your tier, then you will pay the Membership Fee for that tier commencing the month your tier changes. 
Upgrading your tier is optional. If you fail to meet the criteria outlined in the Operations Manual resulting 
in us downgrading your tier, then you will pay the Monthly Membership Fee for that tier commencing the 
month you are downgraded. Implementers may also submit requests to downgrade their tier. We must 
approve any requests to downgrade your tier. After you upgrade your tier, we may place continuing on-
going qualifications, requirements or other necessary credentials you must satisfy to preserve your upgraded 
tier status. 
We may transition to a standard payment date for all franchisees (e.g., 1st of the month), if we do so, we 
will provide you with at least thirty (30) days’ notice. 
3. 
Brand Development Fund. We may establish a Brand Development Fund. If we do, then you will 
begin paying the Brand Development Fund fee (“Brand Development Fund Fee”) under the Franchise 
Agreement. We will provide you at least sixty (60) days’ notice before implementing a Brand Development 
Type of Fee(1) 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Practice 
Management(14) 
Currently $195 - $495/month 
Monthly in advance. 
Practice Management (our CRM) 
is included in the Monthly 
Membership Fee. Practice 
Management+ (formerly known as 
Session Guru), provides additional 
tools and is optional for 
franchisees. Pricing is based on the 
number of active Clients you have. 
