34 
 
registration fee, currently $1,000. See Item 6 for additional information about our QCEs and associated 
fees. You must attend QCEs as part of your tier requirements (See Item 12 below).  QCEs may be held in 
person or virtually; however, we may require that you attend any of the QCEs in person.  You are 
responsible for your own airfare, lodging, meals not provided to attendees and other costs incurred in 
attending. 
 
Additional Seminars, Meetings and Conferences 
 
In addition to our QCEs we may also conduct other seminars or hold annual meetings or 
conferences from time-to-time for the benefit of all franchisees whose attendance may or may not be 
mandatory. We will charge our then-current registration fee, once established, and you must pay for the 
expense of salaries, travel, meals, lodging, and miscellaneous expenses of you attending such seminars, 
meetings or conferences. 
 
We also currently hold an annual EOS Conference designed for companies operating on EOS. 
Implementers are permitted, but not required, to attend the EOS Conference only if three or more of your 
Clients attend. The registration fee for each Implementer varies and is determined based on the number of 
your Clients registered for the EOS Conference. If three to five of your Clients attend, you may attend the 
EOS Conference and will be required to pay the full registration fee. In 2025, the registration fee is $2,500.  
If six to nine of your Clients attend, you may attend the EOS Conference and will be required to pay half 
of the registration fee. If ten or more of your Clients attend the EOS Conference, you may attend the EOS 
Conference and will not be charged a registration fee. We reserve the right to revise the Client attendance 
thresholds. When determining the number of Client attending, we look at the number of individual 
registrations, therefore, if two or more individuals from the same organization/Client attend, then they will 
count as two Clients for purposes of determining your qualification and registration fee. If you qualify to 
attend the EOS Conference and attend in person, you will be responsible for your own airfare, lodging, 
meals not provided to attendees, and other costs in attending. We reserve the right to hold the EOS 
Conference virtually, if we do, you will be responsible for charges you incur in attending virtually. 
 
Websites 
 
You will not have any right to update, upgrade, amend or host the Website. We may (but we are 
not required to) include at the Website interior pages (sometimes referred to as microsites) containing 
information about you and your Franchised Business and if we do, you may, however, revise certain 
designated sections on the microsite for you or your Franchised Business, but the framework will be set by 
us. You may suggest changes to the microsite with items of news and events and related content. The 
Website will contain information about the EOS Franchise System. The Website may also contain other 
information we deem appropriate and all changes, deletions and additions are at our sole discretion. We 
may restrict, limit, control or designate your use of websites, the Internet, intranets, worldwide web home 
pages or e-mail, and require you to participate in a centralized website. Neither you, nor any of your 
employees, are permitted to use an e-mail address that is not associated with our Website in connection 
with the operation of your Franchised Business. (Sections 7.2 and 8.2 Franchise Agreement). You may not 
establish any separate website, blog, other World Wide Web or Internet-based presence which uses or 
displays any of our Intellectual Property without our prior consent. (Section 8.2(a) Franchise Agreement). 
Any other blog, account on a Social Media Platform, e-mail distribution list, or other World Wide Web or 
Internet-based presence which uses or displays any of our Intellectual Property must be conducted in 
accordance with our Brand Guidelines and other Franchise System Standards. Except as we may authorize 
in writing in advance, you cannot: (i) link or frame our Website, (ii) conduct any business or offer to sell 
or advertise any Services on the worldwide web, or (iii) create or register any Internet domain name in 
connection with your Franchised Business. 
 
