38 
 
● EOS 400K System™ or better (# of sessions/$fee) 
● Meet the EOS Mastery and Purity requirements detailed in the Operations Manual 
Criteria to Maintain Expert Designation: 
● Have implemented 30 EOS pure session days in your prior four full quarters 
● Have achieved an average session rating of 8.75+ in three of your prior four full quarters 
● Positively participated in QCEs during three of the previous four quarters. Two QCEs must be in-
person.** 
Additional Criteria to Become a Legacy EOS Implementer:  
Legacy designation will be given to EOS Implementers who meet the following criteria: 
● Have a minimum of 10 years of EOS Implementation experience based on your Boot Camp date 
● On a go forward basis, implement no new Focus Days 
● On a go forward basis, implement less than 30 sessions per rolling 4 quarters 
Criteria to Maintain Legacy Designation: 
● Have achieved an average session rating of 8.75+  
● Have implemented no new Focus Days 
● Have implemented less than 30 session days per rolling 4 quarters 
● May participate at any QCE, but is not required.  
Legacy EOSIs must either revert to full-time status and designation or choose to exit the Community if at 
any measurement period you do not meet designation requirements. 
Additional Criteria to Become an Emeritus EOS Implementer:  
Emeritus designation will be given to EOS Implementers upon invitation from EOS Worldwide. These 
individuals also meet the following criteria: 
● Have met the Expert designation criteria  
● Have contributed richly to EOS Worldwide and the EOS Implementer Community, as determined 
by EOS Worldwide in its discretion 
● On a go forward basis, implement less than 30 sessions per rolling 4 quarters 
Criteria to Maintain Emeritus Designation: 
● Continue Community contributions and engagement 
● Have achieved an average session rating of 8.75+  
● Have implemented less than 30 session days per rolling 4 quarters 
● May participate at any QCE, but is not required.  
Emeritus EOSIs must either revert to full-time status and designation or choose to exit the Community if at 
any measurement period you do not meet designation requirements. 
∗ Amounts in US dollars.  As a reminder, EOS Implementers are responsible for establishing their own 
session fees, however, the fees you charge may impact your designation. 
**Those who leave a QCE early may not receive credit for attendance.  
 
Tier criteria/designations may be updated from time to time under our Franchise Agreement. 
 
