22 
 
 
(d) 
You further represent, warrant, covenant and guarantee to us that you will operate 
the Franchised Business in compliance with Applicable Privacy Law, Anti-Spam Law and Good Industry 
Practice.  You acknowledge and agree that certain data including Confidential Information and Personal 
Information, may be transferred to, processed, and stored by us, our affiliates or other service providers 
located in other jurisdictions, including outside of the United States and agree to inform individuals of this 
fact at or before the time Personal Information is collected, as required by Applicable Privacy Law.  You 
agree not to disclose Personal Information without consent of the individual or as required by law.  You 
agree to cooperate with any investigation or inquiry by a regulatory authority with jurisdiction over 
Applicable Privacy Law.  You agree to allow us and our affiliates to audit your practices to ensure 
compliance with this Section. 
(e) 
You represent and warrant that you will comply with Anti-Spam Law, Applicable 
Privacy Law and Good Industry Practice in respect of any commercial messages you send, or cause or 
permit to be sent.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall ensure that: (i) commercial 
messages are only sent by or on your behalf to individuals who have consented, in the manner required by 
Anti-Spam Law and Applicable Privacy Law, to receive them; (ii) all commercial messages sent by or on 
your behalf shall comply with the form, content and other requirements prescribed by Anti-Spam Law and 
Applicable Privacy Law; and (iii) you maintain evidence sufficient to prove your compliance with 
subsections (i) and (ii) above. 
(f) 
You represent and warrant that you will ensure that any request for consent to send 
any commercial messages, whether such request is made by you on your own behalf or on our behalf (if 
applicable), shall constitute a valid request for express consent under Anti-Spam Law and Applicable 
Privacy Law and shall comply with all applicable requirements of Anti-Spam Law and Applicable Privacy 
Law such that you, us and our respective affiliates, as applicable, shall be permitted under Anti-Spam Law 
and Applicable Privacy Law to send commercial messages to any individual who provides consent in 
response to such request.  You agree to maintain evidence of all such consents given and to clearly identify 
those Clients who have (i) given such consent, (ii) not given such consent, or (iii) withdrawn a consent 
previously given. 
8.6 
Artificial Intelligence Usage. 
   
 
You acknowledge and agree that in order to protect the goodwill of the EOS Franchise System and 
our brand, the use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) in the Franchised Business must be conducted in a safe, 
thoughtful, and ethical manner.  Accordingly, you shall comply with all applicable Franchise System 
Standards and guidelines set forth in the Operations Manual, as updated from time to time. You are strictly 
prohibited from using AI solutions to: (i) access, use, or transmit Confidential Information or Intellectual 
Property without our prior written authorization; (ii) collect, use, disclose, or otherwise utilize Client Data  
in any way not expressly permitted under this Agreement and applicable data privacy laws; (iii) engage in 
any activity that could harm the EOS Franchise System or our brand reputation or expose it or us to legal 
or regulatory risk; and (iv) develop or deploy AI solutions that violate applicable laws or regulations, 
including those pertaining to discrimination, data privacy, and consumer protection.   We reserve the right 
to periodically audit your use of AI solutions to ensure compliance with this Agreement and our Franchise 
System Standards.  Upon request, you agree to provide us with regular reports related to the performance 
and impact of your AI solutions.  
9. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND MARKS. 
 
9.1 
EOS Intellectual Property. 
 
(a) 
You acknowledge that, as between you and us, we or our affiliates are the exclusive 
owners of the Intellectual Property, Client Data, Franchise System Standards, and other elements of the 
