30 
 
 
(f) 
We may modify, change, eliminate or amend the terms of the Client Satisfaction 
Program or other network programs on thirty (30) days’ notice to you. 
 
10.11 Payment of Debts.  
 
 
You are solely responsible for selecting, retaining and paying your Personnel; the payment of all 
invoices for the purchase of goods for use in the Franchise; and determining whether, and on what terms, 
to obtain any financing or credit which you deem advisable or necessary for the conduct of the Franchise. 
You shall pay all current obligations and liabilities to suppliers, lessors and creditors on a timely basis and 
indemnify us in the event that we elect to pay any of your obligations in order to preserve the relationship 
between Approved Suppliers and EOS Franchise System franchisees. You shall make prompt payment of 
all local, state, provincial, federal, national or international taxes, including individual and corporate taxes, 
sales and use taxes, franchise taxes, goods and services taxes, gross receipts taxes, employee withholding 
taxes and other remittances, FICA taxes, and personal property and real estate taxes, arising from your 
operation of the Franchise. You shall indemnify us in the event that we are held responsible for these taxes 
and other amounts. 
10.12 Notification of Legal Proceedings and Crisis Management Events. 
 
(a) 
You will notify us in writing as soon as possible but in no event more than twenty- 
four (24) hours of the commencement of any action, suit, or proceeding, and of the issuance of any order, 
writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality, of which 
you become aware and which may materially adversely affect the operation or financial condition of your 
Franchised Business. 
 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of a Crisis Event (defined below), you will immediately 
inform us by telephone and e-mail (or other electronic medium authorized by us for this purpose). You will 
cooperate fully with us with respect to our response to the Crisis Event. In the event of the occurrence of a 
Crisis Event, we may also establish emergency procedures which may require you to temporarily cease 
operations, in which event we shall not be liable to you for any loss or costs, including consequential 
damages or loss of profits occasioned thereby. 
 
For purposes of this Section, a “Crisis Event” is any event that runs the risk of (1) causing severe harm to 
Clients, Personnel or the public or damage to their respective property or the environment; (2) falling under 
close media or governmental or regulatory scrutiny; or (3) jeopardizing or materially interrupting the 
operation of the Franchised Business, the Marks or the System’s reputation, image, products, brand, 
intellectual property, or management and therefore negatively impacting its future. 
 
10.13 Press Releases.  
 
 
Any press releases or interviews regarding your Franchised Business must comply with the 
standards and Core Values set forth and described in the Operations Manual. You shall not however make 
any public statements (including giving interviews or issuing press releases) regarding, directly or 
indirectly, us or our affiliates, the EOS Franchised System, or any particular incident or occurrence related 
to the Franchised Business, without our prior written approval. 
10.14 Contributions and Donations.  
 
Any contributions or donations of items, services, or money to any individual or entity, or the 
provision of any type of other benefit to any charitable, religious, political, social, civic, or other type of 
organization (or to any individual on behalf on any organization) that associates with any Mark must be 
done in compliance with the policies set forth in the Operations Manual or with our prior written approval. 
