14 
 
Fund Fee. See Item 11 for more information on the Brand Development Fund.  
 
4. 
Local or Regional Advertising Cooperative and Special Marketing Programs. We may also 
establish or otherwise participate in cooperative or special marketing programs. Cooperative advertising or 
other special marketing programs may include select paid media or other advertising as a flat fee or 
minimum percentage of revenue. These cooperative or special marketing programs may vary in duration, 
apply on a local, regional, national, or international basis, or involve clusters or groups of franchisees 
utilizing services on a shared basis. Examples include sales and marketing programs and customer 
satisfaction programs. Programs may be optional for franchisees or we may require participation.  While 
franchisees may not have rights to vote on these matters, if we do decide to implement any of these 
programs, our standard practice is to consult with our Implementer Development Team and other 
experienced and trusted EOS Implementers, and we may even form an advisory council to support us in 
doing so (See Item 11 below).  At this time, there are no documents governing these types of advertising 
programs, if and when established, we will make such governing documents available for review upon 
written request.  Some local regions engage in informal and optional cooperative and advertising programs 
on their own.   
 
5. 
Warm Leads Fee. We have a Warm Leads Referral Program (“Warm Leads Program”) where we 
may refer potential or prospective Clients (referred to above as “Warm Leads”) to franchisees. Participation 
in the Warm Leads Program is currently optional. Participation in the Warm Leads Program does not 
guarantee that you will receive any minimum number of Warm Leads or any Warm Leads at all. We may 
modify, change, eliminate or amend the Warm Leads Program at any time. If any Warm Lead results in a 
paid session or otherwise generates any session revenue for your Franchised Business, then you must pay 
us fifty percent (50%) of the gross revenue generated from that initial (or one-time) session provided to or 
on behalf of the Warm Lead, with a minimum of $1,500 (“Warm Leads Fee”).  
 
6. 
Speaking Referral Fee. We may also refer to you certain requests for speaking engagements, 
workshops and other opportunities. If you accept any referrals for a speaking, workshop or other similar 
engagement, then you must pay us twenty-five percent (25%) of the gross revenue generated from this 
referral. We may waive this fee from time to time in connection with certain partnerships or other 
opportunities that may generate these opportunities. 
7. 
Technology Fee. If established, the Technology Fee would likely cover the cost of website 
development and maintenance, support of our e-mail system and other technology developments, support 
or services.  We may offer additional, optional technology services for an additional fee in our sole 
discretion. 
8. 
Quarterly Collaborative Exchanges Fee. We currently hold numerous QCEs per year. Your 
Monthly Membership Fee includes your registration for one QCE per quarter. We typically only host one 
QCE during the first quarter of each calendar year, but we typically hold multiple QCEs each other quarter 
throughout the remainder of the year. If you request to attend more than one QCE in a quarter, you will be 
required to pay the then-current registration fee, currently $1,000. If you register for a QCE less than two 
weeks before the QCE, we may charge a late fee, which is currently set at $250. If you register for a QCE 
and cancel, we may charge you a cancellation fee based on when you cancel to offset our costs and other 
losses as a result of your cancellation. You understand that our costs will likely increase if there is a delay 
in notifying us of any cancellation and therefore we expect you to notify us as soon as possible of any 
decision to cancel. These fees are not a penalty but rather are amounts to help offset our additional costs as 
a result of your change of plans.  QCEs may be held in person or virtually; however, we may require that 
you attend any of the QCEs in person.  We currently require Implementers to attend a minimum number of 
QCEs to maintain their tier designation. You are responsible for your own airfare, lodging, and other costs 
incurred in attending. 
