13 
 
 
from time to time. These coaches may be franchisees like you, employees of ours or others we deem to 
have requisite experience to serve as coaches. Other franchisees, even if acting in a Franchise support role, 
are not our employees or agents, and do not have any right or authority to bind us to any agreement. 
 
5.2 
Mandatory Remedial Training or Additional Training. 
 
(a) 
We may require, in our sole discretion, that you attend additional training courses 
in person, at locations we designate from time to time, or by teleconference call, webinar, online training 
or videoconference if we determine it is appropriate (i) as a result of your violations of Franchise System 
Standards (including if we determine you are not performing satisfactorily pursuant to our Client 
Satisfaction Program or adhering to the Core Values set forth in our Operations Manual), (ii) as a result of 
your breach of this Agreement or violation of the Franchise System Standards, (iii) to protect the quality, 
reputation or integrity of the EOS Franchise System, Marks, or our Intellectual Property, or (iv) you fail to 
meet the requirements to maintain your current Implementer status as set forth in our Operations Manual, 
as applicable (“Remedial Training”). The then-current cost for the Remedial Training (currently ranges 
from $995 to $10,000) must be paid in full prior to attending. These fees are fully earned and non-refundable 
when paid. We reserve the right to increase these fees from time to time. In addition to the Remedial 
Training fee, you must also reimburse us for any reasonable travel or related costs and expenses we incur 
in providing you with Remedial Training, and also pay all of your expenses incurred in connection with 
attending the Remedial Training, including travel, lodging, and meals. 
 
(b) 
Upon your request and subject to availability, we may provide you with additional, 
refresher, continuing, supplemental, specialized, focused or subject-matter specific training in addition to 
Boot Camp, or such additional training may be required upon renewal or transfer of this Agreement 
(“Additional Training”). This includes workshops that we make available from time to time. Additional 
Training may be focused on one subject or generalized. The current cost for the Additional Training ranges 
from $995 to $10,000 depending upon the length of Additional Training, trainer experience, materials used 
in conducting the training and other factors we deem appropriate. Our then-current Additional Training fees 
must be paid in full prior to attending. These fees are also fully earned and non- refundable when paid 
unless a refund is required under applicable law. We reserve the right to increase these fees from time to 
time. In addition to the Additional Training fee, you must reimburse us for any reasonable travel or related 
costs and expenses we incur in providing you with Additional Training, and also pay your expenses incurred 
in connection with the Additional Training, such as travel, lodging, and meals. 
 
5.3 
Quarterly Collaborative Exchanges. 
 
(a) 
You acknowledge and agree that regular attendance at our Quarterly Collaborative 
Exchanges (“QCE(s)”) is currently required and is a necessary component to the continuing education of 
all EOS Franchise System franchisees, and to maintain Tier designations. Implementers only receive credit 
for one QCE per calendar quarter towards their Tier designation status. QCE(s) may be online, virtual or 
in-person; however, we may require attendance in person. You are responsible for all of your expenses 
incurred in connection with attending any QCE, including airfare, lodging, meals and other travel costs. 
 
(b) 
The Membership Fee includes registration for one (1) QCE per calendar quarter, 
for an aggregate four (4) QCEs annually. If you register for more than one (1) QCE offered during a quarter, 
then you must pay the then-current registration fee for such QCE prior to attendance. In addition, if you 
register for a QCE less than two (2) weeks prior to the date of the QCE, then we may charge a late fee, and 
if you change or cancel your registration within two (2) weeks prior to the date of the QCE, we may also 
charge you a cancellation or change fee. The current fee for late registrations, changes or cancellations that 
occur within two (2) weeks but more than three (3) days from the start of the QCE is $250. The current fee 
for cancellations within three (3) days or no shows is $850.  These fees are to help to offset our costs and 
