28 
 
 
Services, including, if applicable, performing Services across jurisdictional lines (the “Required Licenses”). 
You must promptly and diligently do all things necessary (including providing prompt, thorough, 
professional and complete responses to any local, state, provincial, federal, national or international 
regulatory or administrative body with oversight responsibilities for any Required Licenses) to facilitate 
obtaining the Required Licenses prior to the commencement of business and maintain and renew such 
Required Licenses when needed. You must operate the Franchise in full compliance with all applicable 
laws, ordinances, by-laws, and regulations, including, all government regulations relating to occupational 
hazards and health, safety, privacy, worker’s compensation insurance, unemployment insurance, the ADA, 
workplace safety, and withholding and payment of local, state, provincial, federal, national or international 
income taxes, social security taxes, employment, sales and goods and services taxes. You will, in all 
dealings with Clients, suppliers, us and the public, adhere to the highest standards of professionalism, 
honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical conduct. You agree to refrain from any business or advertising 
practice which may be injurious to our business and the goodwill associated with the EOS Franchise 
System, the Marks and other franchisees. 
10.6 
Time to Commence Business.  
 
You must commence operation of your Franchise within six (6) months from the Effective Date. 
We will reasonably extend the time to commence the operation of your Franchise for a period of up to sixty 
(60) days if you are unable to (i) obtain the Required Licenses, (ii) attend Boot Camp, or (iii) otherwise 
complete all pre-commencement obligations under this Agreement, despite your best efforts and for reasons 
beyond your reasonable control. Prior to commencing operations, you must (a) furnish us with certificate(s) 
of insurance for all insurance policies required by Section 10.4; (b) obtain all Required Licenses; (c) 
complete Boot Camp to our satisfaction; (d) purchase the initial inventory of training binders and other 
Materials as designated in the Operations Manual (which may be provided in the form of a start-up 
package); and (e) pay in full all amounts due to us and our affiliates. 
10.7 
Authorized Products and Services.  
 
You shall offer for sale all Products and Services, and participate in all programs, which we 
designate for the EOS Franchise System, including any additional Services or Products we may now or in 
the future specify and any other ancillary products and services which we prescribe. You further agree to 
only sell those goods and services, which we prescribe or otherwise authorize. You may not offer any other 
products for sale, rent or lease without having received our prior written authorization. You must comply 
fully and on a timely basis with any changes that we implement, including the introduction or cessation of 
any Services or Products. 
10.8 
Operations. 
 
(a) 
You must devote reasonable best efforts to the operation of your Franchised 
Business. 
 
(b) 
You must maintain sufficient inventory of training binders and other Materials as 
designated in the Operations Manual. 
(c) 
You must be the only Implementer providing services to Clients for your 
Franchised Business. 
 
(d) 
You must pay on a timely basis all fees and costs incurred in the operation of the 
Franchise, whether owing to us or third parties, and you are aware that failure to make prompt payment 
causes irreparable harm to the reputation and credit of other franchisees and the EOS Franchise System 
generally. 
 
(e) 
You must operate the Franchise in compliance with Franchise System Standards 
