1 
 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), between EOS Worldwide Franchising, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“we,” “us”, “our”, or “Franchisor”), and 
(“you”, “your”, or “Franchisee”), is effective as of the date of our signature below (the “Effective Date”). 
This Agreement will not be effective until it has been countersigned by us and delivered to you, and not 
until you have paid the Initial Franchise Fee and the Boot Camp Fee (each as described below). 
 
1. 
PREAMBLE. 
 
1.1 
The Entrepreneurial Operating System.  
 
As a result of the expenditure of time, effort, and money, we and our affiliates have developed a 
unique franchise opportunity (the “Franchise” or the “EOS Franchise”) for establishing and operating a 
business as an EOS Implementer® which offers entrepreneurial training, leadership and business 
development services (the “Services”) and, as applicable, related products (the “Products”), using our 
Entrepreneurial Operating System (“EOS”) comprised of tools, concepts, training and facilitation materials, 
methods, techniques, practices, procedures and processes, which include the EOS Model consisting of the 
“Six Key Components”, the EOS Toolbox, and the EOS Process. The EOS Process begins with our 
signature introductory 90 Minute Meeting and continues with a Focus Day, the Vision Building days, 
Quarterly Pulsing and Annual Planning sessions (collectively with any other applicable sessions that are or 
become part of the EOS Process, as we may update it from time to time, “Sessions”). 
1.2 
The EOS Franchise System.  
 
Our franchise system includes elements of know-how; certain distinctive, identifiable trade-dress; 
specifications, information, policies, methods, controls, and procedures for operations; procedures for 
management and financial control; business relationships, training and assistance; advertising and 
promotional programs; a communication strategy; and the Marks and related Intellectual Property described 
below; all of which we may register, change, cancel, alter, amend, further improve, discontinue, develop or 
otherwise modify, from time to time in accordance with this Agreement (collectively, the “EOS Franchise 
System” or the “System”). 
 
1.3 
The Intellectual Property.  
 
 
The distinguishing characteristics of the EOS Franchise System include the trademarks “EOS®”, 
“Entrepreneurial Operating System®” and “EOS Implementer®” and such other names and marks we now 
or in the future may designate in writing for use in connection with the EOS Franchise System (collectively, 
the “Marks”) and other intellectual property, including all copyrights, titles, symbols, logotypes, trade 
dresses, emblems, slogans, insignias, terms, know-how, methods, specifications, designations, designs, 
diagrams, anecdotes, artworks, worksheets, techniques, rules, ideas, Session and meeting scripts and 
components, plans and course materials, advertising and promotional materials, and other audio, video and 
written materials developed and designated for use in connection with the EOS Franchise System, or as we 
may hereafter acquire, develop or designate for use in connection with the EOS Franchise System, from 
time to time (together with the Marks, the “Intellectual Property”). 
 
1.4 
The License.  
 
 
We grant to candidates who meet our qualifications and are willing to undertake the investment 
and effort and exemplify our Core Values, the right to own and operate an EOS Franchise using the EOS 
Franchise System, the Intellectual Property and the Marks. 
 
