6 
 
and other expenses we incur in granting this franchise and therefore is nonrefundable under our Franchise 
Agreement. 
We have discounted the Initial Franchise Fee to $2,500 for certain former Implementers who have 
left and then rejoined the EOS Implementer Community within five years of leaving. Also, beginning in 
August 2023, new franchisees that join our Australian community or our United Kingdom and Netherlands 
communities now pay an Initial Franchise Fee in local currency:  $5,000 AUD for Australia and ₤5,000 for 
the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. 
Boot Camp Fee 
 
Our franchise initial training we call our “Boot Camp” is $45,000 (“Boot Camp Fee”) for new 
franchisees based in the United States.  The Boot Camp Fee must be paid in full along with the Initial 
Franchise Fee at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement.  
 
Boot Camps are offered quarterly.  Details about our Boot Camp are provided under “The Training 
Program” in Item 11 below. You may not begin offering sessions to Clients until you have successfully 
completed Boot Camp. You must complete Boot Camp within six (6) months of signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  
 
The Boot Camp Fee is in consideration of administrative and other expenses we incur in providing 
Boot Camp training programs to our franchisees. 
 
We may waive or discount the Boot Camp Fee and/or waive the requirement to successfully 
complete Boot Camp training for former Implementers who have left and then rejoined the community and 
therefore who have already completed proper Boot Camp training. The range for any such remedial training 
will generally range from $995 to $10,000, depending upon the length of the required remedial training, 
training experience, materials used in conducting the training and other factors we deem appropriate.  
 
Also, beginning in August 2023, we discounted our Boot Camp Fee for new franchisees that join 
our Australian community or our United Kingdom and Netherlands communities as these regions are less 
developed and advanced as the United States and Canada.  New franchisees in these regions also now pay 
the Boot Camp Fee in local currency: currently AUD $23,000 for Australia and GBP ₤11,000 for the United 
Kingdom and the Netherlands.  These international rates increase 1,000 in local currency each quarter as 
the markets continue to develop.   
 
The Boot Camp Fee is not refundable under our Franchise Agreement. 
 
Start-Up Inventory 
 
You must purchase from us or EOS OpCo, a start-up package of certain training binders and 
materials to use with your Client sessions and when providing the Services (including manuals and 
educational materials). The cost of this start-up inventory typically ranges from $1,500 to $3,200 depending 
upon anticipated Client demand and is not refundable under any circumstances. 
Monthly Membership Fee 
 
You will receive access to certain online materials when you sign the Franchise Agreement, but 
you will not begin paying a monthly membership fee (the “Monthly Membership Fee”) until the first day 
of the month that you are scheduled to attend Boot Camp.  We do not prorate the Monthly Membership Fee 
