The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
K-2 
 
 
 
Receipt 
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other 
information in plain language. Read this Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully. 
If EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this Disclosure Document to 
you fourteen (14) calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the 
franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. 
New York requires that we give you this Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal meeting 
or ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. Michigan requires that we give you this Disclosure 
Document at least ten (10) business days before the execution of any binding franchise or other agreement 
or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. 
If EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC does not deliver this Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a 
false or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have 
occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the state 
agency listed on Exhibit C. 
The franchisor is EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC located at 2254 Cole Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, 
MI 48009. Its telephone number is (248) 278-8220. The following individuals may act as EOS Worldwide 
Franchising, LLC’s in connection with the offering of this franchise: Mark O’Donnell, Matt Roush, Lauren 
Shaver and Adam Chopp.  
Issuance Date: March 25, 2025.  
EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC authorizes the agents listed on Exhibit C to receive service of process 
in the respective states. I received a Disclosure Document dated March 25, 2025 that included the following 
Exhibits: 
 
A. 
Form of Franchise Agreement 
F.  
List of Franchisees  
B. 
Financial Statements  
G.  
Franchisees Who Have Left the System  
C.  
State Administrators and 
H. 
Franchisee Disclosure Acknowledgement Statement 
 
State Agents for Service of Process  
I.  
Minimum Insurance Requirements  
D. 
State Addenda to FDD  
J.  
State Effective Dates 
E.  
Operations Manual Table of Contents  
K.  
Receipts 
 
/s1_signdate/  
 
/s1_sign/  
 
Date Received (Do Not Leave Blank) 
 
Prospective Franchisee Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s1_fullname/  
 
 
 
Prospective Franchisee Printed Name 
 
 
 
 
 
You may return the signed receipt either by signing, dating and mailing it to EOS Worldwide Franchising, 
LLC at 2254 Cole Street, Suite 130, Birmingham, MI 48009, or by e-mailing a .pdf copy of the signed and 
dated receipt to EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC at franchise@EOSworldwide.com. 
 
 
