45 
 
16 review.   
Unlike many franchise concepts, you are not required to operate your EOS business full-time; in 
fact, one of the benefits of EOS and what is a core principle to living The EOS Life is that even as an EOS 
Implementer, you have time for your other passions.  But that does not mean you can essentially do 
whatever you want.  As a franchisee/Implementer, you may not engage in activity that is competitive or 
that would create a conflict of interest with your business. 
This does not mean that any income producing venture must go through this process.  There are of 
course various types of opportunities and investments that would have no tangible impact on your 
Franchised Business.  For example, a purely passive investment unrelated to business operating systems 
should not require an “Item 16” review. 
But those that do or might, we expect that you will clear those with us as part of this process.  
When considering your next steps, please consider these simple rules: 
1. 
Don’t damage the EOS brand, use EOS Intellectual Property, or compete with either EOS 
Worldwide or the EOS Implementer Community 
2. 
Don’t use the EOS brand or any EOS brand assets without our express written permission, 
and 
3. 
Ask us for input before investing any time or money. 
We require all of our franchisees to participate in our Client Satisfaction Program described in Item 
8. You must offer all the authorized Products and Services at your Franchised Business unless we otherwise 
agree in writing. 
 
We have the right to change the types of authorized Products and Services, and there are no limits 
on our right to do so, although we will provide you with notice when changes become effective. You may 
not offer for sale any products or perform any services that we have not approved, nor may you engage in 
any other business enterprise through the entity that you use to operate the Franchised Business without our 
prior written consent. 
 
Other than as we expressly authorize in writing or otherwise designate in the Operations Manual, 
you may not in any manner purchase, reship, sell, transship, or re-distribute any of the EOS Worldwide 
materials or other items purchased from us to any third party, including any current or former franchisee. 
Franchisees may however provide EOS Worldwide materials or other items purchased from us to other 
current franchisees without our consent provided such items are provided without any mark-up. 
 
We place no other restrictions on where or to whom you may provide EOS Services and 
Products. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement. You should read 
these provisions in the Franchise Agreement attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
