45 
 
 
(ii) failure to conform to our Franchise System Standards, or failure in any other way to maintain our 
standards of quality in the operation of the Franchise, or (iii) taking for your own personal use any assets 
or property of the Franchise. 
 
17.4 
Cross Defaults, Non-Exclusive Remedies, Etc.  
 
Any default by you under this Agreement may be regarded as a default under any other agreement 
between us (or any affiliate of ours) and you. Any default by you under any other agreement between us 
(or any of our affiliates) and you (or any person/company affiliated with you), and any default by you under 
any obligation to us (or any of our affiliates) may be regarded as a default under this Agreement. Any 
default by you (or any person/company affiliated with you) under any loan agreement, security agreement, 
lease, supply or service agreement or otherwise and that was signed in connection with the operation of 
your EOS Franchise, whether with us, any of our affiliates and/or any third party which is not cured by the 
time period specified in such agreement may be regarded as a default under this Agreement and/or any 
other agreement between us (or any of our affiliates) and you (or any of your affiliates). In each of the 
foregoing cases, we (and any of our affiliates) will have all remedies allowed at law, including termination 
of your rights (and/or those of any person/company affiliated with you) and our (and/or our affiliates’) 
obligations. No right or remedy which we may have (including termination) is exclusive of any other right 
or remedy provided under law or equity and we may pursue any rights and/or remedies available. 
17.5 
Rights Upon Default. 
 
(a) 
If you breach or default any provision of this Agreement, we may (but have no 
obligation to) take any action to cure the default on your behalf, without any liability to you. You shall 
reimburse us for our costs and expenses (including the allocation of any internal costs) for such action, plus 
up to 10% of such costs and expenses as an administrative fee. 
 
(b) 
Except in the case of your death or disability which is governed by Section 15.7 
hereof, if we determine in our sole judgment that the operation of your Franchise is in jeopardy, or if you 
are in default under this Agreement, then, in addition to our other remedies, to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law and without waiving your obligations under this Agreement, we may discontinue sales 
of any products and provision of other services to you, including access to our online training platform and 
other network components, until you cure the default. In addition, in order to prevent an interruption of the 
Franchise which would cause harm to the EOS Franchise System and thereby lessen its value, you authorize 
us to operate your Franchise for as long as we deem necessary and practical, which may include designating 
another Implementer to provide Implementer Services on your or our behalf, and without waiver of any 
other rights or remedies which we may have under this Agreement (“Step-In Rights”). In the event of the 
exercise of the Step-In Rights by us, you agree to hold harmless us, our designees, and our representatives 
for all actions occurring during the course of such temporary operation except to the extent that you incur 
losses due to our gross negligence or willful misconduct. You agree to pay all of our reasonable fees and 
costs incurred as a consequence of our exercise of our Step-In Rights including wages and personnel costs 
which are payable on demand out of Franchised Business proceeds. Operation of the Franchise during any 
such period will be on your behalf; provided, that we only have a duty to utilize commercially reasonable 
efforts and we will not be liable to you for any debts, losses or obligations incurred by the Franchise or to 
any of your creditors for any products, materials, supplies or services the Franchise purchases during any 
period it is managed by our appointed manager. Nothing contained herein shall prevent us from exercising 
any other right, which we may have under this Agreement, including, without limitation, termination. 
 
17.6 
Obligations Upon Termination/Expiration.  
 
Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you must, at your cost and 
expense: 
