4 
 
do not set any restricted territories (see Item 12), therefore you may provide Implementer Services 
anywhere in the world, if and as permitted by applicable law. 
Market and Competition 
 
The market for entrepreneurial coaching, consulting or training services is competitive. Your 
competition will include individual independent contractors, consultants and executive trainers, offering 
business coaching services, leadership coaching and other competitive services and products. Your 
competition will also include local, regional, national and international businesses offering similar products, 
services and resources, some of which may be franchise systems. You will also compete with educational 
enterprises and institutions, peer-to-peer organizations, trade associations and similar organizations in the 
industries and geographic location where your clients operate that may not offer directly competitive 
products, services or resources, but provide guidance and peer-to-peer networking services and cater to our 
clientele. In our experience, there is potential seasonality as we find more sessions occur between the 
months of November through February due to annual planning. 
Industry Specific Laws and Regulations 
 
Many of the laws, rules, and regulations that apply to businesses generally, such as the Americans 
with Disabilities Act, Wage and Hour Laws, Privacy Laws, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 
also apply to coaching businesses like ours. There may also be industry specific laws and regulations that 
would affect the operation of your Franchised Business. These may include state or local licensing or 
regulatory requirements currently in effect or which may be adopted in the future relating to the operation 
of your Franchised Business in the state in which you operate, including, without limitation, any special 
licensing requirements. There may also be local, state, federal, or international tax and contracting laws that 
may apply to operating the Franchised Business. If you collect any payments from Clients via credit or 
debit card, you must comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) 
established by major credit card brands to ensure that merchants like your Franchised Business securely 
store, process, and transmit customer credit information. Certain states or governmental authorities may 
have restrictions on the use of offering warranties or guarantees or requirements regarding oral or written 
contracts with Clients. 
You should investigate the laws or regulations applicable to the operation of your Franchised 
Business. The nature and extent of regulation relating to this business could change rapidly and without 
prior notice. You should consult counsel or contact your state and local agencies for detailed information 
about applicable laws and regulations. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
Mark O’Donnell - CEO/Visionary. Mark O’Donnell (also known as MOD) has been our CEO/Visionary 
since our formation in January 2021. Mark also has been the CEO/Visionary for EOS OpCo and each of 
our other affiliates since September 2020.   He fulfills these roles remotely from Sinking Springs, 
Pennsylvania. From August 2014 to September 2020, MOD was a Certified EOS Implementer and he 
served as our Head Coach for EOS Implementers from October 2019 to December 2020 prior to joining 
our Leadership Team.   
Kelly Knight - President/Integrator. Kelly Knight has been our President/Integrator since our formation 
in January 2021. Kelly also has been the President/Integrator for EOS OpCo since August 2016 and for 
each of our other affiliates since their formations.  She fulfills these roles remotely from Clarkston, 
