 
A-2 
 
managers, legal counsel, officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, representatives, legal 
representatives, successors, affiliates, associates and assigns, and its and their respective insurers and 
underwriters (parent and affiliated entities), and its and their officers, directors, shareholders, members, 
managers, employees, representatives and agents (whether acting in an agency capacity or in their 
individual capacities), and their respective heirs, successors, beneficiaries and assigns, as applicable, each 
of whom is intended as a beneficiary of this Release (collectively, with Franchisor, the “Released Parties”). 
 
(4) 
For California Residents Only - Releasor expressly waives and relinquishes any 
and all released claims and likewise waives to the fullest extent permitted by law, the provisions, rights and 
benefits of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which provides: 
 
“GENERAL RELEASE; EXTENT. A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS 
WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT 
THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE 
MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” 
 
(5) 
For Washington Residents Only – The General Release does not apply with respect 
to claims arising under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rule 
adopted thereunder. 
(6) 
Releasor hereby understands and agrees that this Release supersedes any prior 
agreement, oral or written, with respect to its subject matter. Releasor further understands and agrees that 
no representations, warranties, agreements or covenants have been made with respect to this Release, other 
than those set forth in this Release, and that in executing this Release, Releasor is not relying upon any 
representations, warranties, agreements or covenants not set forth in this Release. 
 
(7) 
Releasor covenants not to sue or to assert, prosecute or maintain, directly or 
indirectly, in any form, any claim or cause of action against any Released Party with respect to any matter, 
cause, omission, act, or thing whatsoever, occurring in whole or in part on or at any time prior to the date 
of this Release, and which is subject to such release provided for in this Release. 
 
(8) 
Releasor represents and warrants that Releasor has not filed nor made any claims, 
charges, complaints, or actions of any type, whether legal, equitable, or administrative, against any Released 
Party. 
 
This Release and all acts and transactions under it shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed 
by the internal laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
If the releases provided herein are inconsistent with applicable law, including, as provided in the Multi- 
State Addenda set forth in Exhibit B of the Franchise Agreement, then you agree to execute a release of 
comparable scope that is legal and enforceable. 
 
This Release may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via 
facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN 
Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall 
be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 
[Signatures Appear on Following Page] 
