The EOS Worldwide Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC  
a Delaware limited liability company  
2254 Cole Street, Suite 130  
Birmingham, MI 48009 
Telephone: (248) 278-8220  
Website: www.eosworldwide.com 
E-mail: franchise@EOSworldwide.com 
 
EOS Worldwide Franchising, LLC (franchisor) offers an opportunity to establish and operate a 
franchised business as an EOS Implementer® that provides entrepreneurial training, leadership and 
business development products and services to business owners, executives and leadership teams 
utilizing our Entrepreneurial Operating System®, under the name “EOS®”, and which is comprised 
of franchisor’s proprietary tools, products and training and facilitation materials, methods, 
techniques, practices, procedures and processes. 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of an EOS Worldwide franchise is between 
$61,045 and $150,660, this includes between $52,895 and $58,780 that must be paid to the 
franchisor or its affiliate(s). 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your Franchise Agreement and other 
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully. You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a 
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with 
the proposed franchise sale. Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the 
information contained in this document. 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact EOS Worldwide 
Franchise Administration via e-mail at franchise@EOSworldwide.com or via telephone at (248) 
278-8220. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contracts. Read all of your contracts carefully. Show your 
contracts and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying 
a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available 
from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing 
to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also visit the 
FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or visit your 
public library for other sources of information on franchising. 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them. Issuance 
Date of this Disclosure Document: March 25, 2025
