14
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution, regardless of whether litigation, arbitration, or alternative
dispute resolution is commenced, and including settlement costs.
14.C.
Procedures for Indemnification. Each Indemnified Party may defend any claim
against it at your expense (including choosing and retaining its own legal counsel) and agree to
settlements or take any other remedial, corrective, or other actions. The indemnified parties have the
right to defend any Claims and, in connection therewith, to retain legal counsel of our choice. You
agree to cooperate with the indemnified parties in the defense of, and not to settle or compromise,
without prior written consent of any indemnified party, any Claims to which it is a party, or which may
affect its interests. An indemnified party need not seek recovery from any insurer or other third party,
or otherwise mitigate its losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim for
indemnity. You agree that a failure to pursue a recovery or mitigate a loss will not reduce or alter the
amounts that an indemnified party may recover.
15.
Obligations of Owners.
15.A.
Your Owners. If you are a legal business entity, you and your Owners represent,
warrant, and agree that all ownership interests (legal, equitable, or beneficial) in you are owned in the
amount and manner described on the Cover Page. You and your Owners represent, warrant, and agree
that you are validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of your incorporation or
formation, and have the authority to execute this Agreement, and perform your obligations under this
Agreement. You and your Owners represent, warrant, and agree to maintain organizational documents
at all times that state that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any of your ownership
interests, and all certificates and other documents representing your ownership interests will bear a
legend referring to this Agreement’s restrictions. You and your Owners represent, warrant, and agree
that all other information about you, if you are an entity, listed on the Cover Page is true and correct in
all respects. You agree to notify us promptly if any such information changes, provided that any
transfer of ownership in you will remain subject to the terms of Section 16 below.
15.B.
Personal Guaranty. Each of your Owners and their respective spouses must execute
a guaranty in the form we prescribe, agreeing to be personally bound, jointly and severally, by all
provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary agreements between you and your Owners and us
and/or our affiliates. Our current form of guaranty is attached hereto.
15.C.
Separate Operations. If you entered into this Agreement as an entity, your Hotel will
be the only business that such entity operates, unless we approve you to acquire and operate additional
Branded Hotels pursuant to additional Franchise Agreements between us and you.
16.
Transfer and Assignment.
16.A.
Transfers by Us. This Agreement is fully transferable by us and will inure to the
benefit of any person or entity to whom it is transferred, or to any other legal successor to our interest
in this Agreement. Following the effective date of transfer or assignment, you shall look solely to the
transferee or assignee, and not to us, for the performance of all obligations contained in this Agreement.
We will not be required to obtain your consent or provide you with any notice in connection with any
such transfer or assignment. You agree to execute any documents and take such other action required
or deemed necessary by us or our transferee or assignee to effect such transfer or assignment.
