8
We and you acknowledge that certain parts of this provision might not be enforceable under
the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  However, we and you agree to enforce the
provision to the extent the law allows.
2.
ARBITRATION. The following language is added to the end of Section 20.A of the
Franchise Agreement:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law (unless such a requirement is preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act),
arbitration shall be held at a site to which we and you mutually agree.
3.
GOVERNING LAW.  The following language is added to the beginning of the second
sentence of Section 20.A of the Franchise Agreement:  “EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED
BY NORTH DAKOTA LAW,”
4.
LIMITATION OF CLAIMS. The following language is added to the end of Section
20.I of the Franchise Agreement:
The statutes of limitations under North Dakota law applies with respect to claims arising under
the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law
5.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. The following language is added to the end of
Section 20.B of the Franchise Agreement:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law, you may bring an action in North Dakota for claims arising under the North
Dakota Franchise Investment Law.
6.
WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND JURY TRIAL. To the extent required
by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, Section 20.F of the Franchise Agreement is deleted.
7.
EXCLUSIVITY. The following language is added to the end of Section 12 of the
Franchise Agreement:
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are generally considered
unenforceable in the State of North Dakota; however, we and you will enforce the covenants
to the maximum extent the law allows.
8.
RELEASES. The following language is added to the end of Sections 16.B(2) and 17.B
of the Franchise Agreement:
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer will
not apply to the extent prohibited by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.
9.
FEE DEFERRAL. Pursuant to an order of the North Dakota Securities Commissioner,
we will defer collection of the Origination Fee and other initial payments you owe us until we have
completed all of our pre-opening obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement and you begin
operating the Hotel.
