Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
of the first personal meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other
agreement, or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.
NORTH DAKOTA
1.
The following paragraphs are added to Item 6:
The Item 6 line item entitled “Termination Damages” will not be enforced to the extent
prohibited by applicable law.
Under North Dakota law, a requirement that you consent to liquidated damages or termination
penalties in the event of termination of the Franchise Agreement is considered unenforceable.
Sections of the Disclosure Document requiring you to pay all costs and expenses incurred by
us in enforcing the agreement may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North
Dakota Franchise Investment Law and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.
2.
The following language is added to Item 17(r):
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are generally considered
unenforceable in the State of North Dakota; however, we and you will enforce the covenants
to the maximum extent the law allows.
3.
The following language is added to Item 17(u):
To the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law (unless such
requirement is preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act), arbitration will be at a site to which
we and you mutually agree.
4.
The following language is added to Item 17(v):
However, subject to your arbitration obligation, and to the extent required by North Dakota
Franchise Investment Law, you may bring an action in North Dakota.
5.
Item 17(w) is deleted and replaced with the following:
Except as otherwise required by North Dakota law, the laws of the State of Wyoming
shall apply.
6.
The following language is added to the end of Item 17(c) and Item 17(m):
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer will
not apply to the extent prohibited by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.
7.
Pursuant to an order of the North Dakota Securities Commissioner, we will defer
collection of the Origination Fee and other initial payments you owe us until we have
