6
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
8.
Our Platform and Services.
8.A.
Revenue Management Support. Subject to reasonable scheduling and time
constraints, we will make one of our revenue managers available to support you in developing
strategies for optimizing rates, inventory, and reviews for your Hotel. However, you understand that,
unless dictated by our Brand Standards, you will have the final decision and the final responsibility for
all such strategies, including the rates for all Guest Rooms. Neither we nor our affiliates are making
any representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to pricing for your Guest Rooms,
the success or profitability of your Hotel. You expressly understand and agree that attracting and
retaining customers for your Hotel will require you to have a high-level of customer services, adhere
to Brand Standards, and exert consistent effort to manage and optimize your Hotel’s performance.
Other than revenue management support described in this Section, we do not currently have any
training programs or services available to you. You are also responsible for providing training to all
your personnel, including training on our Brand Standards.
8.B.
Reservation Services.
(1)
Beginning on your Launch Date, you must make 100% of your total number of
Guest Rooms available for sale at all times during the Term, using a property management software
with an integrated central reservation system that we have approved (an “Approved PMS”) or our
proprietary central reservation system (the “Magnuson Cloud PMS”). You must ensure that the point-
of-sale or other computer systems that you use at your Hotel meet our Brand Standards, including for
minimum hardware, software, integration, and connectivity. If you use an Approved PMS instead of
the Magnuson Cloud PMS, you must reimburse us for all of our and our affiliates’ and representatives’
costs and expenses arising from your use of such Approved PMS, including integration, modification,
connectivity or maintenance costs. You must ensure that we have unrestricted and independent access
to the Approved PMS or Magnuson Clous PMS, as applicable, at all times. We will have the right to
access the Approved PMS and/or Magnuson Cloud PMS at all times and we will have the right to
collect and retain from the Approved PMS and/or Magnuson Cloud PMS any and all data concerning
your Hotel. You must cooperate with us and provide us any assistance we require to access and retrieve
data from the Approved PMS, Magnuson Cloud PMS, and/or your point-of-sale or other computer
systems at your Hotel.
(2)
You must not take a Guest Room out of available inventory for longer than 14
days without our prior written approval.  If you take a Guest Room out of inventory for longer than 14
days without our authorization, in addition to all other rights and remedies we may have under this
Agreement or otherwise, you must pay our then-current extended closure fee (current fee specified on
Cover Page). The extended closure fee is a reasonable estimate of our damages associated with
processing your change in inventory, and is in addition to and not an estimate of any other damages
arising from your breach of this Agreement, or a waiver of any kind of our right to seek additional
remedies on the basis of your default, including terminating this Agreement under Section 18, or other
damages, remedies, or forms of relief under Section 20.
(3)
We have the sole and exclusive right to list your Hotel and Guest Rooms with
online travel agents, global distribution systems, and other online booking websites, non-online travel
agents, corporate partnerships, travel consortia, travel management companies, global sales agents or
other third-party booking agencies or directories or advertising channels of any kind (a “Third-Party
Distribution Channel”). We will make all determinations about where and how to list your Hotel and
Guest Room inventory on Third-Party Distribution Channels in our sole discretion. You further agree
to cooperate with us in all such strategies, including participating in other related marketing campaigns
to increase bookings through the Third-Party Distribution Channels that we designate. If you have any
