1
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. F – Representations Statement
1475.002.006/421529
REPRESENTATIONS STATEMENT
DO NOT SIGN THIS STATEMENT IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF MARYLAND OR THE
FRANCHISED BUSINESS IS TO BE OPERATED IN MARYLAND.
DO NOT SIGN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE IF YOU ARE LOCATED, OR YOUR FRANCHISED
BUSINESS WILL BE LOCATED IN: CALIFORNIA, HAWAII, ILLINOIS, INDIANA,
MARYLAND, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, NEW YORK, NORTH DAKOTA, RHODE
ISLAND, SOUTH DAKOTA, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, OR WISCONSIN.
The purpose of this Statement is to demonstrate Magnuson Franchising, LLC (“Franchisor”) that the
person(s) signing below (“I,” “me” or “my”), whether acting individually or on behalf of any legal
entity established to acquire the franchise rights, (a) fully understands that the purchase of a Magnuson
Hotels® or Magnuson Grand® franchise to operate as a Magnuson Hotels® or Magnuson Grand®-
branded hotel is a significant long-term commitment, complete with its associated risks, and (b) is not
relying on any statements, representations, promises or assurances that are not specifically set forth in
Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document and Exhibits (collectively, the “FDD”) in deciding to
purchase the franchise. In that regard, I represent to Franchisor and acknowledge that:
I understand that buying a franchise is not a guarantee of success. Purchasing or
establishing any business is risky, and the success or failure of the franchise is subject to
many variables such as my skills and abilities (and those of my partners, officers,
employees), the time my associates and I devote to the business, competition, interest
rates, the economy, inflation, operation costs, location, lease terms, the marketplace
generally and other economic and business factors.  I am aware of and am willing to
undertake these business risks. I understand that the success or failure of my business will
depend primarily upon my efforts and not those of Franchisor.
INITIAL:
I received a copy of the FDD, including the Franchise Agreement, at least 14 calendar
days before I executed the Franchise Agreement.  I understand that all of my rights and
responsibilities and those of Franchisor in connection with the franchise are set forth in
these documents and only in these documents. I acknowledge that I have had the
opportunity to personally and carefully review these documents and have, in fact, done
so.  I have been advised to have professionals (such as lawyers and accountants) review
the documents for me and to have them help me understand these documents.  I have also
been advised to consult with other franchisees regarding the risks associated with the
purchase of the franchise.
INITIAL:
Neither the Franchisor nor any of its officers, employees or agents (including any
franchise broker) has made a statement, promise or assurance to me concerning any matter
related to the franchise (including those regarding advertising, marketing, training,
support service or assistance provided by Franchisor) that is contrary to, or different from,
the information contained in the FDD.
INITIAL:
My decision to purchase the franchise has not been influenced by any oral representations,
assurances, warranties, guarantees or promises whatsoever made by the Franchisor or any
of its officers, employees or agents (including any franchise broker), including as to the
likelihood of success of the franchise.
INITIAL:
I have made my own independent determination as to whether I have the capital necessary
to fund the business and my living expenses, particularly during the start-up phase.
INITIAL:
