MAGNUSON FRANCHISING LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2.   
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and Cost Recognition
The Company derives its revenue from franchise agreements related to franchise fee
revenue, continuing fee revenue, transfer fees and Global Distribution System ("GDS")
booking fee revenue. 
Franchise Fees and Continuing Fees
Contract consideration from franchisees consists primarily of initial or renewal franchise
fees, sales-based continuing fees, GDS booking fees and transfer fees payable by a
franchisee for the transfer of their franchise unit to another franchisee. Sales-based
continuing fees and GDS booking fees are payable on a monthly basis. Renewal and
transfer fees are due from franchisees when an existing franchisee renews the franchise
agreement for an additional term or when a transfer to a third party occurs, respectively.
The Company's primary performance obligation under the franchise agreement
includes granting certain rights to the Company's intellectual property, in addition to a
variety of services relating to opening a franchise unit. Those services include
conversion assistance, training and other such activities commonly referred to
collectively as "pre-opening activities." Pre-opening activities consistent with those
under ASU 2021-02 are recognized as a single performance obligation. For all other pre-
opening activities, if any, the Company determines if a certain portion of those pre-
opening activities provided is not brand specific and provides the franchisee with
relevant general business information that is separate from the operation of a company-
branded franchise unit. The portion of pre-opening activities that is not brand specific is
deemed to be distinct as it provides a benefit to the franchisee and is not highly
interrelated to the use of the Company's intellectual property, and therefore is accounted
for as a separate performance obligation. All other pre-opening activities are expected to
be highly interrelated to the use of the Company's intellectual property and are therefore
accounted for as a single performance obligation, which is satisfied by granting certain
rights to use the Company's intellectual property over the term of each franchise
agreement.
The Company estimates the stand-alone selling price of pre-opening activities using an
adjusted market assessment approach. The Company first allocates the initial franchise
fees and the fixed consideration under the franchise agreement to the stand-alone selling
price of the pre-opening activities and the residual, if any, to the right to access the
Company's intellectual property. Consideration allocated to pre-opening activities, other
than those included under ASU 2021-02, which are not brand specific are recognized
when those performance obligations are satisfied. Consideration allocated to pre-
opening activities included under ASU 2021-02 is recognized when those performance
obligations are satisfied.
Initial and renewal franchise fees allocated to the right to access the Company's
intellectual property are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of
the respective franchise agreement.
Continuing fees are earned as a percentage of franchisee gross sales (''sales-based
continuing fees'') over the term of the franchise agreement, as defined in each respective
franchise agreement. Franchise continuing fees which represent sales-based continuing
fees that are related entirely to the use of the Company's intellectual property are
7
