9
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
System (the “Franchise Agreement”). Your Hotel will have the number of Guest Rooms indicated in
your Franchise Agreement. “Guest Rooms” are each rentable unit in your Hotel consisting of a room,
suite, suite of rooms, or other guest accommodation, the entrance of which is controlled by the same
key. Our current form of Franchise Agreement is attached as Exhibit A.
Currently, we only grant franchises to qualified persons that already own and operate a hotel property
(your “Incumbent Hotel), and that wish to convert that Incumbent Hotel to a Branded Hotel. We will
consider whether to grant a franchise for any particular Incumbent Hotel, and which Licensed Brand
to grant to such Incumbent Hotel, based on criteria we periodically establish, such as the size, location,
layout, number of guest rooms, appearance, guest demographics, business ratings, the experience and
financial condition of the owner and other factors. Currently, we offer the Licensed Brand for
Magnuson Grand® to Incumbent Hotels with facilities such as restaurants, spa, or convention centers,
and the Licensed Brand for Magnuson Hotels® to Incumbent Hotels that do not offer such facilities.
We may change the criteria for either Licensed Brand in the future.
You must make 100% of your total number of Guest Rooms available for sale at all times during the
term of your Franchise Agreement, using a property management software with an integrated central
reservation system that we have approved (an “Approved PMS”) or our proprietary central reservation
system (the “Magnuson Cloud PMS”). We will also have the sole and exclusive right to list your Hotel
and Guest Rooms with online travel agents, global distribution systems, and other online booking
websites, non-online travel agents, corporate partnerships, travel consortia, travel management
companies, global sales agents or other third-party booking agencies or directories or advertising
channels of any kind (each, a “Third-Party Distribution Channel”).
Market and Competition
The market for your services will depend on your property’s location and size and its type of operation,
including whether it is a resort, conference center, or hotel for frequent business travelers. In general,
you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and independently operated
local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services to the
same clientele. Your convention and meeting facilities will also compete with national, international,
and independent hotels and convention centers in other regions. If you are operating a spa, you will
also compete with other spa concepts, wellness centers, and other businesses offering similar services.
Laws, Rules and Regulations
Certain aspects of operating a Branded Hotel are regulated by federal, state, and local laws, rules and
ordinances. For example, regulations may apply to the use of linens, towels, glassware, food
preparation and service; posting of rules or prices near the registration area; proof of identification for
guest check in; retention of certain records; refusing service or accommodation to guests; overbooking;
non-smoking areas; telephone service charges; limiting recovery for loss of personal property and
provision of safes or deposit boxes; fire safety; occupancy room taxes; innkeeper liability laws; and
banning hidden fees. If you are operating a spa, you should be aware that many states have laws
requiring the licensing or certification of spa professionals, such as cosmetologists, nail technicians,
estheticians, and massage therapists. Some states also have laws that restrict the types of services and
treatments these professionals can provide under their specific licenses.
In addition to regulations applicable to hotels specifically, you must also comply with laws generally
applicable to all businesses, including laws relating to compensation of employees (including
