Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
completed all of our pre-opening obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement and you
begin operating the Hotel.
RHODE ISLAND
1.
The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17:
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision
in a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or
requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise
enforceable under this Act.  To the extent required by applicable law, Rhode Island law will
apply to claims arising under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.”
SOUTH DAKOTA
1.
Pursuant to an order of the Securities Regulation Office of the South Dakota
Department of Labor & Regulation, we will defer collection of all initial fees you owe us under
the Franchise Agreement until we have completed all of our pre-opening obligations to you
under the Franchise Agreement and your Hotel has opened for business.
VIRGINIA
1.
The following language is added to the end of Item 17(e):
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or
termination stated in the Franchise Agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that
term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that
provision may not be enforceable.
WASHINGTON
1.
Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
2.
Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the franchise
agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor, including in
the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that
supersede the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the
franchisor. Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the
Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.
