7
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
account with any Third-Party Distribution Channel for your Guest Rooms as of the Effective Date, you
agree to transfer exclusive control of such accounts to us. You must not list your Hotel or any Guest
Rooms with any Third-Party Distribution Channel without our prior written approval. You must
participate in all program terms and conditions designated by each Third-Party Distribution Channel.
(4)
You must honor all confirmed reservations for your Hotel made through the
Approved PMS, Magnuson Cloud PMS, and/or any Third-Party Distribution Channel. If you are for
any reason unable to honor any confirmed reservations, you must find that guest an alternate
accommodation in accordance with our Brand Standards. If you fail to rebook any guest, you must pay
us an amount equal to twice the amount of the booking fee for the confirmed reservation for the Guest
Room that was unfulfilled or the cost of alternate accommodation that we or our affiliates provide to
such guest, whichever is higher.
(5)
You understand that any changes to content, photographs, and information
relating to your Hotel or its Guest Rooms may take up to 72 hours to reach all sales channels. We will
not issue credits, refunds or other compensation for any losses arising from incorrect information that
you provide us, and/or any changes that you request that take effect within 72 hours of your request.
(6)
You agree to comply, and to cause your affiliates and users to comply, with all
terms, conditions, and policies applicable to the Approved PMS or Magnuson Cloud PMS, as
applicable, in each case as they may be modified from time to time.
8.C.
Other Online Presences.
(1)
We reserve the sole right to own and operate any website, domain name, email
address, social media account, other online, electronic, virtual or digital presence of any kind associated
with the Licensed Brand and/or the Licensed System (“Online Presence”). We may also establish one
or more Online Presences for your Hotel, and/or integrations between any such Online Presences and
the Magnuson Cloud PMS or any Approved PMS. You agree that we own all such Online Presences
and all data generated by them, including login and access credentials and source code, all of which
constitutes Confidential Information (as defined below). If you own or operate any Online Presence in
connection with your Incumbent Hotel, you must transfer all such Online Presences to us.
(2)
Except as approved by us in writing or specified in the Brand Standards
Manual, you may not develop, maintain or authorize any Online Presence that mentions your Hotel,
links to any Online Presence associated with the Licensed Brand or Licensed System, or engage in any
promotional or similar activities, whether directly or indirectly, through any Online Presence. If we
approve the use of any such Online Presence in the operation of your Hotel, you may develop and
maintain such Online Presence only in accordance with our guidelines, including our guidelines for
posting any messages or commentary on other third-party websites, as described in the Brand
Standards Manual. At our request, at your cost, you agree to grant us access to each such Online
Presence, and to take whatever action we request to evidence our ownership of such Online Presence,
or to help us obtain exclusive rights in such Online Presence. We reserve the right to notify any website
hosting company, domain registrar, social network, and any other third-party owning or controlling
any Online Presence, if any information relating to your Hotel is inaccurate or violates our Brand
Standards, and request that they modify such information, and/or remove such information or such
Online Presence until it can be corrected.
8.D.
Magnuson Cloud PMS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
THAT THE MAGNUSON CLOUD PMS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR ERROR-FREE. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO
