7
NEW YORK
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that: (a) an offer to sell is made in the State of New York; or (b) an offer to buy is
accepted in the State of New York; or (c) if you are domiciled in the State of New York, the Hotel is
or will be operated in the State of New York.
1.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND CHOICE OF LAW.  The following
sentence is added to the end of Section 20.B and Section 20.C of the Franchise Agreement:
This Section shall not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon you by the
provisions of Article 33 of the New York State General Business Law as amended, and the
regulations issued thereunder.
2.
TRANSFERS.  The following sentence is added to the end of Section 16.A of the
Franchise Agreement:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, no assignment will be made except to an
assignee who, in our good faith judgment, is willing and financially able to assume our
obligations under this Agreement.
3.
RELEASES.  The following language is added to Sections 16.B(2) and 17.B of the
Franchise Agreement:
Notwithstanding the foregoing all rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising in
your favor from the provision of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New
York and the regulations issued there under shall remain in force to the extent required by the
non-waiver provisions of GBL Sections 687.4 and 687.5, as amended.
4.
TERMINATION.  The following sentence is added to the end of Section 18.A of the
Franchise Agreement:
You also may terminate this Agreement on any grounds available by law under the provisions
of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York.
NORTH DAKOTA
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that:  (a) an offer to sell is made in the State of North Dakota; or (b) an offer to buy
is accepted in the State of North Dakota; or (c) if you are domiciled in the State of North Dakota, the
Hotel is or will be operated in the State of North Dakota.
1.
TERMINATION DAMAGES. The following language is added to the end of Section
18.C of the Franchise Agreement:
