11
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
inspection fee. You must also reimburse our costs associated with any and all subsequent re-inspections
and/or follow-up visits, including vendor fees, travel expenses, room and board, and compensation of
our employees. Additionally, you agree that: (1) if you fail to successfully convert your Incumbent
Hotel to a Branded Hotel in compliance with this Agreement and the Brand Standards within the first
90 days after the Effective Date, you must pay us a monthly fee of $1,000 until such time as we confirm
that your conversion has been completed to our Brand Standards; and (2) after conversion has been
completed to our Brand Standards, if you at any time fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement
or the Brand Standards, you must pay us a monthly fee of $2,000 until such time as you regain
compliance. The preceding fees payable by you are a reasonable estimate of our damages associated
with processing your defaults in our system, and are in addition to and not an estimate of any other
damages arising from your breach of this Agreement, or a waiver of any kind of our right to seek
additional remedies on the basis of your default, including terminating this Agreement under Section
18, or other damages, remedies, or forms of relief under Section 20.
11.C.
Suspension. If you have an outstanding balance on any invoice from us, or you are
otherwise in default of any of your obligations under this Agreement or your other agreements with
us, in addition to all other remedies, we have the right to suspend any or all of our services to you,
including de-activating your Hotel from the Magnuson Cloud PMS and other Online Presences and
Third-Party Distribution Channels. If we later elect to re-activate your Hotel on these channels after
you cure your defaults, you will owe our then-current re-activation fee (current fee specified on Cover
Page) to resume services. The re-activation fee is a reasonable estimate of our damages associated with
processing your re-activation, and is in addition to and not an estimate of any other damages arising
from your breach of this Agreement, or a waiver of any kind of our right to seek additional remedies
on the basis of your default, including terminating this Agreement under Section 18, or other damages,
remedies, or forms of relief under Section 20.
11.D.
Financial Reporting.
(1)
You agree to report all Gross Room Revenue on an Approved PMS or the
Magnuson Cloud PMS, as applicable, including any Gross Room Revenue from direct business such
as walk-in and cash transactions. If you fail to report your Gross Room Revenue or misreport your
Gross Room Revenue, then all fees calculated under this Agreement by reference to Gross Room
Revenue will be calculated based on 110% of the average monthly Gross Room Revenue of the three
prior months.
(2)
Within 15 business days after the end of each calendar quarter, you must deliver
to us a complete and accurate balance sheet for your Hotel as of quarter-end, and a profit and loss
statement and cash flow statement for your Hotel for such quarter and year-to-date. Within 15 business
days after the end of each calendar year, you must deliver to us a complete and accurate balance sheet
for your Hotel as of year-end, and a profit and loss statement and cash flow statement for your Hotel
for such year.
(3)
We reserve the right to undertake periodic financial audits of your financial
records. We may carry out these audits without prior notice. You agree to provide us or our authorized
personnel unhindered access to your records. Where any audit discloses an understatement of Gross
Room Revenue, you must immediately pay us the applicable fees on the understated amount, plus
applicable late fees. If the understated amount is equal to or greater than 3% of the monthly Gross
Room Revenue, you must pay all related audit fees.
