2
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
6.
Conversion of Hotel.
6.A.
Incumbent Hotel. You represent and warrant to us that: (1) you have the lawful right
to occupy the Premises for a term no less than the Term; (2) the hotel that you currently operate at the
Premises (the “Incumbent Hotel”), each of the guest rooms (each consisting of a room, suite, suite of
rooms, or other guest accommodation, the entrance of which is controlled by the same key, each a
“Guest Room”), and the Premises are in good working condition for use as a hotel, and there are no
material structural, electrical, plumbing, HVAC, mechanical, sprinkler or other system defects; (3) the
use of the Premises, all Guest Rooms, and the operation of the Incumbent Hotel do not violate any
applicable law, regulation, ordinance, permit, covenant, restriction, easement, license, permit, or
agreement; (4) your execution of this Agreement and conversion of your Incumbent Hotel to, and
operation of your Hotel as, a Branded Hotel will not violate or constitute a breach of any of your, your
affiliates’ or Owners’ obligations, covenants or agreements to or with any third-party; and (5) you have
no reason to believe that the conversion of your Incumbent Hotel to, or operation of your Hotel as, a
Branded Hotel would cause any of the foregoing representations to be untrue during the Term.
6.B.
Conversion. You agree to convert the Incumbent Hotel to a Branded Hotel by the
deadline specified on the Cover Page, or if no date is specified on the Cover Page, within ninety (90)
days of the Effective Date. In connection with the conversion, you must comply with all applicable
federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, including those arising under the Americans with
Disabilities Act or similar rules governing public accommodations, and all applicable ordinances,
building codes, permit requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions. You may not display any
signage or other indicia of the Licensed Brand, advertise or market the Incumbent Hotel as a Branded
Hotel, or advertise or market any all Guest Room under the Licensed Brand, without our prior approval
of your launch as a Branded Hotel. The date that your Hotel is listed to accept reservations as a Branded
Hotel is your “Launch Date”.
6.C.
Signage and Photos. In connection with converting your Incumbent Hotel, prior to the
Launch Date, you must deliver to us dimensions and photographs of all signage, billboards, and other
structures that display the Licensed Brand. We must approve all signage and displays using the
Licensed Brand before they are installed. After installation of all approved signage and displays, and
before your Launch Date, you must obtain, at your cost, professional-quality photos of the rebranded
Premises, Guest Rooms and other facilities in your Hotel and deliver such photographs to us, in the
format we request, for use in promoting your Hotel on the Magnuson PMS and any Third-Party
Distribution Channel (each defined below). We may also request that you send us updated
professional-quality photographs, at your cost, periodically during the Term.
6.D.
Lease Obligations. You are solely responsible for ensuring that the terms of your lease
or other occupancy agreement for the Premises permits you to comply with this Agreement, including
the right to display signage for the Licensed Brand, the right for our representatives to enter the
premises to exercise our rights under this Agreement, and your obligation to de-identify the Premises
and cease operating as a Branded Hotel upon termination or expiration of your Franchise.
7.
Hotel Operations.
7.A.
Brand Standards.
(1)
You agree at all times to operate and maintain your Hotel according to all of
our mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures, and rules that we periodically prescribe
for operating Branded Hotels in general or your Hotel in particular, as we periodically modify and
supplement them (“Brand Standards”).
