16
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Explanatory Notes
The fees paid to us are not refundable. Fees paid to third parties may or may not be refundable,
depending on the terms of your agreements with those third parties.
1.
As described in Item 1, we currently only offer franchises to existing hotel operators who wish
to convert to a Branded Hotel, therefore you will already own or lease the premises of your
Hotel when you sign the Franchise Agreement. For that reason, the table above does not include
an estimate of any real estate prices, rent, security deposits, or other occupancy costs. It also
does not include the cost of any equipment, furniture, fixtures, services, or other costs that you
would already be incurring to operate your Incumbent Hotel. However, you must continue to
incur all such costs to operate your Hotel after you convert it to a Branded Hotel. Local market
conditions, changes in the economy and inflation will also contribute to your costs.
2.
These costs reflect the cost of converting your Incumbent Hotel to a Branded Hotel, including
signage and branded supplies. The range provided above is based on a number of factors that
will impact the cost of conversion, including the location, type, quantity and size of exterior
signs, the size, specifications and condition of your Hotel, and the costs of supplies and labor
in your region. Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building.
The costs include installation, freight, foundation, and wiring. You must install, display, and
maintain signage displaying or containing the Licensed Brand and other distinguishing
characteristics that comply with our Brand Standards.
3.
You must obtain and maintain certain types and amounts of insurance (See Item 8). Insurance
costs depend on policy limits, types of policies, nature and value of physical assets, Gross
Room Revenue, number of employees, wages paid, square footage, location, business contents,
and other factors bearing on risk exposure. Insurance providers may require either an annual
payment or semi-annual installments. Your insurance costs will depend on a number of factors
including the location of your Hotel, the specifications of your Hotel’s layout, the number of
employees you hire and your own background. You should review the rates in the state in
which your Hotel will operate for an estimate of premiums. If you already have the required
insurance for your Incumbent Hotel, you may not need to incur additional costs. The range
provided is based on a number of factors that will impact the cost of your insurance, including
the size and specifications of your Hotel and the coverage rates in your region.
4.
We recommend that you consult with an attorney and accountant to advise you in connection
with entering into a franchise relationship with us and developing a business plan for your
operation of your Hotel. However, the amount of professional fees you incur, will depend on
the number of representatives you engage, the experience and sophistication of those
representatives, and the geographic market in which you operate. You may also elect to retain
additional business consultants, or other representatives to assist you. The estimate above does
not include the cost of business consultants or other representatives.
5.
This item estimates your initial start-up expenses (other than the items identified separately in
the table) for your Hotel’s first 3 months of operation, including employee wages, utilities,
payroll taxes, operating supplies, maintenance and repair, office supplies, as well as working
capital for other variable costs. Your costs depend on how closely you follow our Brand
