24
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
expect that you will incur any additional expenses in acquiring and installing any computer systems,
because your Incumbent Hotel will likely already have all necessary printers, back-office software,
internet services, anti-virus software, cyber-security services and software, and similar components.
We may modify such Brand Standards for your computer systems periodically, and you must update
your computer systems to comply with our modified Brand Standards promptly after you receive
notice. There are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of this obligation, and we need
not reimburse you for these costs; however, we do not currently estimate that you will incur any
ongoing costs for maintaining or upgrading your computer systems, other than such upgrades and
maintenance that you elect to undertake in your own discretion and/or associated with operating the
computer systems in the ordinary course of business. Neither we nor our affiliates have any contractual
obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to your computer systems.
All maintenance, repair, upgrade, and update obligations of the third-party vendors selling or licensing
you components of your computer systems will be determined by your contract with that vendor.
You must comply, and to cause your affiliates and users to comply, with all terms, conditions, and
policies applicable to the Approved PMS or Magnuson Cloud PMS, as applicable, in each case as they
may be modified periodically.
If you have an outstanding balance on any invoice from us, or you are otherwise in default of any of
your obligations under your Franchise Agreement or your other agreements with us, in addition to all
other remedies, we may suspend any or all of our services to you, including de-activating your Hotel
from the Magnuson Cloud PMS and other Online Presences and Third-Party Distribution Channels. If
we later elect to re-activate your Hotel on these channels after you cure your defaults, you will owe
our then-current re-activation fee (currently, $750 per occurrence) to resume services.
You must ensure that we have unrestricted and independent access to the Approved PMS or Magnuson
Clous PMS, as applicable, at all times. We will have the right to access the Approved PMS and/or
Magnuson Cloud PMS at all times and we will have the right to collect and retain from the Approved
PMS and/or Magnuson Cloud PMS any and all data concerning your Hotel, including guest
information, room inventory and reservation information, financial and sales data, and other reports.
You must cooperate with us and provide us any assistance we require to access and retrieve data from
the Approved PMS, Magnuson Cloud PMS, and/or your point-of-sale or other computer systems at
your Hotel.
Revenue Management Support
Subject to reasonable scheduling and time constraints, we will make one of our revenue managers
available to support you in developing strategies for optimizing rates, inventory, and reviews for your
Hotel. However, unless dictated by our Brand Standards, you will have the final decision and the final
responsibility for all such strategies. We estimate that revenue management support could include up
to 100 hours of support prior to your Launch Date, though we may determine the amount of such
support based on your experience and the availability of our staff. We do not provide an estimate of
the amount of revenue management support after your Launch Date. You are not required to obtain
revenue management support or use the services of our revenue mangers if you do not wish to,
therefore the amount of revenue management support you receive will also depend on your preferences
and the amount of support that you request from the revenue managers that we make available to you.
