1
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your Franchise will be governed by: (1) the terms outlined on the Cover Page of this Agreement, (2)
these Terms and Conditions, (3) the Exhibits attached hereto, and (4) any attached Riders or Addenda
(if applicable), all of which together constitute the entire understanding of the parties, and all references
to this Agreement will include each of the foregoing components.
1.
Background. We and our affiliates have developed—and will continue to develop and
modify—the hotel brand that we are licensing to you for the operation of hotels (“Branded Hotels”).
We and our affiliates use and promote, and license others to use and promote, certain trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, and other commercial symbols and indicia of operating Branded Hotels,
which have gained and will continue to gain public acceptance and goodwill, and we and our affiliates
may create, use, and license other trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols to identify the
Branded Hotels in the future (collectively, as it relates to the Licensed Brand indicated on the Cover
Page of this Agreement, the “Licensed Brand”). Branded Hotels will operate using distinctive and
proprietary business formats, methods, procedures, designs, layouts, standards, and specifications, all
of which we may improve, substitute, further develop, or otherwise modify from time to time
(collectively, as it relates to the Licensed Brand, the “Licensed System”).
2.
Grant of Franchise. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, we grant to you the right to
operate a Branded Hotel (your “Hotel”) using the Licensed Brand and Licensed System (your
“Franchise”), subject to the terms of this Agreement. You agree at all times during the Term (defined
below) to perform your obligations under this Agreement faithfully, honestly, and diligently, and to
use your best efforts to operate and promote your Hotel in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
3.
Term of Franchise. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will
continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement; provided, that subject to the terms of Section 17, the term of this
Agreement will automatically renew upon the expiration of the initial term for one additional
successive five (5) year term (the initial term and any renewal term, together, the “Term”). Termination
or expiration of this Agreement will constitute termination or expiration of your Franchise, and the
limited license to use the Licensed Brand and Licensed System conferred by this Agreement.
4.
Location of Hotel. Your Franchise gives you the right to operate a single Branded Hotel only
at the address indicated on the cover page of this Agreement (the “Premises”). You may not operate
or establish any business of any kind using the Licensed Brand or the Licensed System from any
location other than the Premises whatsoever. You may not relocate your Hotel to any location other
than the Premises. You further agree not to conduct, or permit any other person to conduct, any
business or activity at the Premises other than your Hotel’s business, as authorized by this Agreement,
without our prior written approval of such additional business or activity.
5.
No Territory. You expressly acknowledge and agree that absolutely no territorial rights or
protections of any kind are afforded to you under this Agreement. As such, we and our affiliates retain
all rights with respect to the location of Branded Hotels and any other business activities in any manner
or in any location whatsoever, regardless of the nature or location of such business activities or their
customers, and including any business offering or selling products or services that are similar to, the
same as, or competitive with, those that Branded Hotels customarily offer or sell.
