MAGNUSON FRANCHISING LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2.   
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and Cost Recognition (Continued)
Franchise Fees and Continuing Fees (Continued)
recognized as franchisee sales occur and the continuing fee is deemed collectible.
Other Revenues
The Company recognizes revenue from other fees and other services provided to the
franchisees as a single performance obligation, when the services are rendered.
Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract
The Company capitalizes direct and incremental costs, principally consisting of
commissions, associated with the sale of franchises and amortizes them over the term of
the franchise agreement. 
Income Taxes
The Company is a single-member limited liability company and is therefore considered a
disregarded entity for income tax purposes. Accordingly, no provision has been made
for income taxes in the accompanying financial statements, since all items of income or
loss are required to be reported on the income tax returns of the member, who is
responsible for any taxes thereon.
The Company recognizes and measures its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with
FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under that guidance, management assesses the likelihood
that tax positions will be sustained upon examination based on the facts, circumstances
and information, including the technical merits of those positions, available at the end
of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new
information is available or when an event occurs that requires a change. There were no
uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Subsequent Events
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through March 25, 2025, the date on
which these financial statements were available to be issued. There were no material
subsequent events that required recognition or additional disclosure in the financial
statements.
NOTE 3.
FRANCHISED OUTLETS
The following data presents the status of the Company's franchised outlets as of
December 31:
2024
2023
2022
Franchises sold
2
6
4
Franchised outlets in operation
11
9
4
8
