14
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Type of Fee
Amount
Due Date
Remarks (see Note 1)
Extended Closure
Fee
$750 per
occurrence, plus
$25 / day offline
(subject to change)
As incurred
You must pay this fee if you take any Guest
Room out of available inventory for longer
than 14 days without authorization. This fee
may be increased by up to 10% per year on a
compounding basis.
Indemnification
Will vary under
circumstances
As incurred
You must reimburse us for any claims,
damages, expenses or costs that we incur
arising from the operation of your Hotel.
Termination
Damages
Will vary under
circumstances
Within 10 days of
termination
If the Franchise Agreement is terminated
early by us because of your breach, or by
you without cause, you must pay us the
continuing fees that you would have owed us
from the date of termination until the earlier
of: (i) the scheduled expiration of your
Franchise Agreement; or (ii) the first
anniversary of the termination date
(calculated based on your fees in the
preceding 12 months from the last date of
regular operations of your Hotel, or if you
have not operated for 12 months, the average
fees for all months your Hotel has been in
operation).
Inconvenience Fee
$2,000 (subject to
change)
As incurred
You must pay us our then-current
inconvenience fee for closure of your Hotel
or termination of your Franchise Agreement
by you, with fewer than 90 days prior written
notice to us. This fee may be increased up to
$5,000.
De-Identification
Processing Fee
$9,995 (subject to
change)
As incurred
You must pay us our then-current de-
identification processing fee if de-
identification is not completed within 30
days of termination or expiration of your
Franchise Agreement, to our satisfaction.
This may be increased periodically based on
our estimated costs for processing the de-
identification for a Branded Hotel.
1. Except as otherwise noted in this Item 6, all fees are imposed and collected by and payable to us.
They are nonrefundable unless otherwise noted. We may negotiate fees so these fees may not always
be applied uniformly. All payments are due to us on the invoice due date. Payment will be processed
either via ACH or credit card on the invoice due date unless payment has already been made. We
may modify the method of payment in the future with reasonable notice to you, and you must make
all payments due under your Franchise Agreement in the manner we designate from time to time
and in accordance with our payment instructions. You must sign and deliver to us the documents
we require to authorize us to withdraw all amounts due from your account via ACH or to charge
