21
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
ITEM 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
Assistance to Begin Operation of a Branded Hotel
Before you begin operating as a Branded Hotel, we or our designees will:
1.
Provide you with a copy of our Brand Standards Manual, which includes design guidelines and
requirements for signage and branded supplies. Franchise Agreement – Section 7.B.
2.
Make one of our revenue managers available to support you in developing strategies for
optimizing rates, inventory, and reviews for your Hotel, though you will have the final decision
and the final responsibility for all such strategies. Franchise Agreement – Section 8.A.
3.
Review your conversion and approve or disapprove of your opening as a Branded Hotel,
including reviewing and approving or disapproving all signage and photographs for your Hotel.
Franchise Agreement – Sections 6.B and 6.C.
Site Selection
We currently only offer franchises to third-party hotel owners who wish to convert their Incumbent
Hotel to a Branded Hotel; therefore, you will know the site of your Hotel before you sign the Franchise
Agreement with us. Currently, neither we nor our affiliates generally own the sites for Branded Hotels
and lease those sites to franchisees.
Opening Requirements
You must convert your Incumbent Hotel to a Branded Hotel by the deadline specified in your Franchise
Agreement, which is typically 90 days after signing your Franchise Agreement (we estimate your
conversion will take 30-90 days). In connection with the conversion, you must comply with all
applicable federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, including those arising under the Americans
with Disabilities Act or similar rules governing public accommodations, and all applicable ordinances,
building codes, permit requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions. You may not display any
signage or other indicia of the Licensed Brand, advertise or market the Incumbent Hotel as a Branded
Hotel, or advertise or market any Guest Room under the Licensed Brand, without our prior approval
of your launch as a Branded Hotel. The date that your Hotel is listed to accept reservations as a Branded
Hotel is your “Launch Date”. Your Launch Date will depend on when you convert your signage,
acquire required insurance policies, and meet all of our other criteria to begin operating your Hotel.
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you fail to convert your Hotel by the applicable deadline.
Assistance During the Operation of Your Hotel
During your operation of your Hotel, we or our designees will:
1.
Provide you access to the Magnuson Cloud PMS, if you elect to use it instead of an Approved
PMS, to accept and report Guest Room reservations. Franchise Agreement – Section 8.B(1).
