23
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Distribution Channels, including participating in other related marketing campaigns to increase
bookings through the Third-Party Distribution Channels that we select.
We have no obligation to spend any amounts on any specific type of advertising or media (whether
local, regional, or national), use any specific source of advertising (for example, in house advertising
departments or national or regional agencies), or spend any amount in the area where your Hotel is
located. We will have sole control over all creative concepts, materials, administrative functions,
finances, and other matters relating to marketing, promotional and advertising programs that we and
our affiliates and designees conduct for the Licensed Brand, including your Hotel. You will not have
the right to obtain any accounting records or statements regarding our marketing efforts.
Online Presences.
We have the sole right to own and operate any website, domain name, email address, social media
account, other online presence, virtual or digital medium, or presence on any electronic medium of any
kind associated with the Licensed Brand and/or the Licensed System (“Online Presence”). We may
also establish one or more Online Presences for your Hotel, and/or integrations between any such
Online Presences and the Magnuson Cloud PMS or any Approved PMS. We own all such Online
Presences and all data generated by them, including login and access credentials and source code, all
of which constitutes Confidential Information (as defined below). If you own or operate any Online
Presence in connection with your Incumbent Hotel, you must transfer all such Online Presences to us
after you sign your Franchise Agreement.
Except as approved by us in writing or specified in the Brand Standards Manual, you may not develop,
maintain, or authorize any Online Presence that mentions your Hotel, links to any Online Presence
associated with the Licensed Brand or Licensed System, or engage in any promotional or similar
activities, whether directly or indirectly, through any Online Presence. If we approve the use of any
such Online Presence in the operation of your Hotel, you may develop and maintain such Online
Presence only in accordance with our guidelines, including our guidelines for posting any messages or
commentary on other third-party websites, as described in the Brand Standards Manual. At our request,
at your cost, you must grant us access to each such Online Presence, and take whatever action we
request to evidence our ownership of or exclusive rights in such Online Presence.
Advertising Council.
We do not currently maintain an advertising council composed of franchisees to advise us on
advertising policies.
Computer System
As described further in Item 8 and above, beginning on your Launch Date, you must list your Hotel
and its Guest Rooms on either an Approved PMS or the Magnuson Cloud PMS. If you use an Approved
PMS instead of the Magnuson Cloud PMS, you must reimburse us for all of our and our affiliates’ and
representatives’ costs and expenses arising from use of such Approved PMS, including integration,
modification, connectivity or maintenance costs (currently, estimated as $300 to $2,000 per year).
You must ensure that the point-of-sale or other computer systems that you use at your Hotel meet our
Brand Standards, including for minimum hardware, software, integration and connectivity. Otherwise,
provided that they meet our Brand Standards, you may purchase the components of your computer
systems from any vendor of your choosing, and it may be any brand or model you select. We do not
