Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
Pursuant to an order of the Illinois Attorney General’s Office, imposed based on our financial
condition, we will defer collection of the initial franchisee fee and other initial payments you
owe us until we have completed all of our pre-opening obligations to you under the Franchise
Agreement and you have begun operating your Hotel.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
MARYLAND
1.
The following language is added at the end of Item 17:
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision might not
be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (111 U.S.C. Sections 101 et seq.) but we will
enforce it to the extent enforceable.
2.
The following is added to the end of Item 17(c) and Item 17(m):
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer will
not apply to claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3.
The following language is added at the end of Item 17(v):
The franchise agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland
franchise regulation states that it is unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive
its rights to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Law. In
light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as to whether this form selection
requirement is legally enforceable.
A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
4.
The following is added to the end of Item 5:
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has
required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees
shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise
agreement.
