Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
3.
Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation
involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either
in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or
mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation.
In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation
of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.
4.
General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or related
agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void
except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and
where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW
19.100.220(2). In addition, any such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal
or transfer of a franchise is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).
5.
Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the franchise
agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations
period for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or
remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
6.
Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect the
franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
7.
Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement
under any grounds permitted under state law.
8.
Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related
agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason
during the term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful
pursuant to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.
9.
Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related
agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than
a fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).
10.
Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to
seek treble damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the
franchise agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or
similar damages may be void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after
the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in
accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).
11.
Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related
agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable
business judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the
parties to deal with each other in good faith.
