27
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
to you. All provisions of your Franchise Agreement relating to the Licensed Brand and Licensed
System apply to any additional components of the Licensed Brand and Licensed System that we
develop and/or authorize you to use from time to time. You may not at any time contest or assist any
other person in contesting the validity of any registration for the Licensed Brand or the Licensed
System, or our or our affiliates’ rights to the Licensed Brand or Licensed System.
We know of no superior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the
Trademarks in any state.
You must immediately notify us in writing of any third-party infringement or of any challenge to any
of our copyrights or any of the Licensed Brand or Licensed System, or of any claim by any person of
any rights in or to the Licensed Brand or Licensed System of which you become aware. You may not
communicate with anyone except us, our affiliates, and our respective counsel in connection with any
such infringement, challenge or claim and agree that we will have the sole right to determine whether
an infringement, challenge or claim exists, and if so, to exclusively control any litigation or any other
proceeding arising out of any such infringement, challenge, or claim. You must cooperate with and
assist us with the initial and any follow-up investigation of the alleged infringement of or challenge to
our or our affiliates’ intellectual property rights. You must sign any documents, render any assistance,
and do any acts that we or our affiliates believe are necessary or advisable to protect or maintain our
interests in any litigation or proceeding related to such intellectual property rights or to otherwise
protect, maintain or perfect our interests in such intellectual property rights. Neither we nor our
affiliates are required to protect your right to use the principal Trademarks listed in this section, protect
you against claims of infringement or unfair competition arising out of your use of the Trademarks,
and/or take any affirmative action when notified of these uses or claims. The Franchise Agreement
does not require us to participate in your defense, or indemnify you for expenses or damages, if you
are a party to an administrative or judicial proceeding involving a Trademark licensed by us to you, or
if a proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.
You must not contest, or assist any other person in contesting, the validity of our and Magnuson
Company’s rights and ownership of the Licensed Brand, including the Trademarks. Your use of the
Licensed Brand and Trademarks and any goodwill established by that use are exclusively for our and
Magnuson Company’s benefit.
ITEM 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
We do not own any patents that are material to the franchise. We have not filed any patent applications
that are material to the franchise. We claim copyrights in the Brand Standards Materials, all Online
Presences associated with the Licensed Brand and Licensed System, and all other materials that
incorporate components of the Licensed Brand or Licensed System. We also claim copyrights in the
Magnuson Cloud PMS and its related APIs. We have not registered these copyrights with the United
States Registrar of Copyrights.
Our copyrighted materials include the Brand Standards Manual and other Confidential Information
(defined below). There currently are no effective adverse determinations regarding the copyrighted
materials. No agreement limits our right to use or allow others to use the copyrighted materials. We
know of no infringing uses of the copyrighted materials which could materially affect your using the
copyrighted materials. We need not protect or defend the copyrighted materials. We may control any
action involving the copyrighted materials, even if you bring the matter to our attention. We need not
