18
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
the Premises and the Licensed Brand or that would, in any way, indicate that the Premises are or were
associated with the Licensed Brand;
(3)
cease to directly or indirectly identify yourself or your business as a current or
former Branded Hotel or as one of our current or former franchise owners (except in connection with
other Branded Hotels you operate in compliance with the terms of a valid Franchise Agreement with
us) and take the action required to cancel all fictitious or assumed name or equivalent registrations
relating to your use of the Licensed Brand;
(4)
return to us or destroy all Confidential Information in the manner we designate;
(5)
cease using and, at our direction, either disable or instruct the registrar of any
Online Presence to transfer exclusive control and access of such Online Presence to us or our designee
in accordance with our instructions;
(6)
comply with all other Brand Standards we establish from time to time (and all
applicable laws) in connection with the de-identification of your Hotel, including as it relates to
disposing of Guest Information.
If you fail to take any of the actions or refrain from taking any of the actions described above,
we may take whatever action and sign whatever documents we deem appropriate on your behalf to
cure the deficiencies, including, without liability to you or third parties for trespass or any other claim,
to enter the Premises and remove any signs or other materials reflecting the Licensed Brand from your
Hotel. You hereby appoint us your true and lawful attorney-in-fact to take such actions and execute
such documents on your behalf as may be required to affect the foregoing purposes.
If you for any reason fail to satisfy all of your de-identification obligations under this
Agreement, to our sole and complete satisfaction, within 30 days of termination or expiration hereof,
you must also pay us our then-current de-identification processing fee. The de-identification processing
fee is a reasonable estimate of our damages associated with processing your de-identification if it is
not completed in a timely manner, and is in addition to and not an estimate of any other damages arising
from your breach of this Agreement, or a waiver of any kind of our right to seek additional remedies
on the basis of your default, including terminating this Agreement under Section 18, or other damages,
remedies, or forms of relief under Section 20.
18.E.
Continuing Obligations. All obligations of this Agreement which expressly or by their
nature are intended to survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement will continue in full
force and effect after its expiration or termination until such obligations are satisfied in full or by their
nature expire. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties expressly acknowledge that
each of the following provisions of this Agreement will survive the Agreement’s expiration or
termination: Section 7.H (Data Security); Section 9.A (Ownership and Goodwill); Section 10 (Fees);
Section 12.A (Confidential Information); Section 12.B (Non-Disparagement); Section 12.C (Non-
Interference); Section 13 (Independent Contractors; No Fiduciary); Section 14 (Indemnification);
Section 18 (Termination); Section 19 (Sanctions and Anti-Bribery); Section 20 (Enforcement); and
Section 21 (Miscellaneous).
18.F.
Termination Not Exclusive Remedy. Termination of this Agreement by us shall not
be an exclusive remedy and shall not in any way affect our rights to receive or collect fees, dues or
other amounts required to have been paid by you under this Agreement, to enforce the provisions of
this Agreement against you or to sue for damages or to pursue any other legal or equitable remedy for
a breach of this Agreement by you.
