9
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
and agree that we will have the sole right to determine whether an infringement, challenge or claim
exists, and if so, to exclusively control any litigation or any other proceeding arising out of any such
infringement, challenge or claim. You agree to cooperate with and assist us with the initial and any
follow up investigation of the alleged infringement of or challenge to our or our affiliates’ intellectual
property rights. You agree to sign any documents, render any assistance, and do any acts that we or
our affiliates, in our sole discretion, believe are necessary or advisable in order to protect or maintain
our interests in any litigation or proceeding related to such intellectual property rights or to otherwise
protect, maintain or perfect our interests in such intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and
understand that neither we nor our affiliates will have any obligation to defend the Licensed Brand or
Licensed System from valid claims of prior use or of lawful concurrent use by others.
9.D.
Changes to Licensed Brand and Licensed System. If we decide, in our sole
judgment, to modify or discontinue the use of any component of the Licensed Brand or Licensed
System, you agree, at your expense, to comply with our directions to modify or otherwise discontinue
the use of the Licensed Brand or Licensed System, as we direct, within a reasonable time after our
notice to you. All provisions of this Agreement relating to the Licensed Brand and Licensed System
apply to any additional components of the Licensed Brand and Licensed System that we develop and/or
authorize you to use from time to time. You may not at any time contest or assist any other person in
contesting the validity of any registration for the Licensed Brand or the Licensed System, or our or our
affiliates’ rights to the Licensed Brand or Licensed System.
10.
Your Fees.
10.A.
Initial Franchise Fee. When you sign this Agreement, you agree to pay us an initial
franchise fee equal to $10,000 on the Effective Date. You agree that we have fully earned the initial
franchise fee upon payment to us, and it is not refundable under any circumstances.
10.B.
Continuing Fees. On a monthly basis, as invoiced, you must pay us a continuing fee
of 8% of Gross Room Revenue (defined below).“Gross Room Revenue” means all revenues derived
from the sale or rental of Guest Rooms, including amounts attributable to breakfast (where the Guest
Room rate includes breakfast); resort fees, urban fees and similar fees; late cancellation fees,
guaranteed no-show revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates
charged; less allowances for any Guest Room rebates and overcharges. Gross Room Revenue does not
include taxes collected directly from patrons or guests. Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or
on your behalf to third-party groups for group stays must be included in, and not deducted from, the
calculation of Gross Room Revenue.
10.C.
GDS Booking Fees.  For any booking through one of our global distribution system
channels (“GDS”), you must pay us our then-current GDS fee per booking, which is subject to change
(currently, $11.50 per GDS booking).
10.D.
Distribution Channel Fees. You will reimburse us for all fees and expenses that we
paid to Third-Party Distribution Channel that are attributable to: (a) any reservation generated for your
Hotel, and/or (b) the connection or administration of your on to any such channels. The amount of all
such fees and expenses are negotiated by us are subject to change at any time. You must also timely
pay all commissions and other fees generated by any such Third-Party Distribution Channel that
generate reservations for your Hotel, all of which remain subject to change.  We may require you to
pay any and all fees, expenses, and commissions for Third-Party Distribution Channels directly to the
Third-Party Distribution Channel, or invoice you for those amount and require you to pay them to us.
