31
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement
Summary
your existing agreements, (c) you and your Owners sign a
general release, and/or (d) you must bring your Hotel into
compliance with Brand Standards for new Branded Hotels.
d.
Termination by
franchisee
Section 18.A of
Franchise Agreement
You can terminate the Franchise Agreement immediately by
written notice if we breach the terms of the Franchise
Agreement and fail to remedy such breach within 30 days
after receipt of written notice of such breach, subject to state
law.
e.
Termination by
franchisor without
cause
Not Applicable
The Franchise Agreement does not provide for termination
without cause.
f.
Termination by
franchisor with
cause
Section 18.B of
Franchise Agreement
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement immediately
upon notice to you if you commit any of the defaults listed
in the Franchise Agreement.
g.
“Cause” defined-
curable defaults
Sections 18.A and
18.B of Franchise
Agreement
(i) 72 hours to cure health, safety or sanitation violation or
unsafe operations; and (ii) 30 days to cure any other defaults
that are not subject to sooner termination.
h.
“Cause” defined-
non-curable
defaults
Section 18.B of
Franchise Agreement
(i) material misrepresentation or omission in acquiring the
franchise; (ii) abandonment or failure to actively operate
your Hotel for more than 3 consecutive days of operation or
10 days of operation in the aggregate during any 12-month
period; (iii) you or any of your Owners make or attempt to
make any transfer without our written approval; (iv) you or
any of your Owners are or have been convicted of or plead
guilty or no contest to a felony or other criminal charge; (v)
you lose the right to occupy the premises of the Hotel; (vi)
unauthorized use or disclosure of any Confidential
Information or violation of restrictive covenants of non-
disparagement and non-interference; (vii) any immediate
health or safety concern for the Hotel’s customers or
employees; (viii) you understate your Gross Room Revenue
3 times or more during the Term or by more than 3% on any
one occasion; (ix) you or your owners make an assignment
for the benefit of creditors, admit in writing your insolvency
or inability to pay debts, or you or your Owners consent to
the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator for all or
the substantial part of your property; (x) 3 or more separate
violations of Franchise Agreement within any 12 month
period, for any obligation under your Franchise Agreement,
or 2 or more violations in any 12 month period for the same
obligation under your Franchise Agreement; and (xi) your
Hotel falls below the Minimum Customer Rating.
