8
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
ITEM 1
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES
The franchisor is Magnuson Franchising, LLC (“we,” “us,” or “our”). “You” or “your” means the
person to whom we grant a franchise. If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
or other business entity, certain provisions of our franchise agreement also will apply to your Owners
(as defined in Item 15).
Franchisor
We are a Wyoming limited liability company. Our principal business address is 312 W 2nd St., Unit
A4238 Casper WY, 82601 United States. Our principal telephone number is 866-904-1309. Our agents
for service of process are listed on Exhibit D. We operate under our corporate name, and we may
sometimes use the name “Magnuson®”, “Magnuson Hotels®”, “Magnuson Grand®” or “Magnuson
Hotels Worldwide®”. We do not use any other name. We do not currently own or operate any Branded
Hotels (defined below). We began offering franchises for Branded Hotels in January 2022.
Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates
We have no predecessors. Our parent company is Magnuson Company, L.L.C. (“Magnuson
Company”), which is a Wyoming limited liability company that shares our principal business address.
Magnuson Company provides us certain corporate and administrative functions. Magnuson Company
also owns the intellectual property rights to the Licensed Brand (defined below) and Licensed System
(defined below) and has licensed us the right to use the Licensed Brand and Licensed System and to
sublicense them to franchisees.
Magnuson Company has entered into certain agreements with third-party hotel owners, including to
offer such hotel owners management and marketing services on the Magnuson Cloud PMS (defined
below) (together “Affiliate Hotels”). However, Magnuson Company has not and does not offer
franchises for Branded Hotels of the type described in this Franchise Disclosure Document.  Magnuson
Company has also never operated a Branded Hotel.
We have no affiliates who offer franchises in any line of business. Other than Magnuson Company,
we have no affiliates who provide products or services to our franchisees.
Description of Business
We offer and grant franchises to own and operate hotel facilities (“Branded Hotels”) under the
“Magnuson Hotels®” or “Magnuson Grand®” name, trademarks, logos, and associated indicia of each
brand (each a “Licensed Brand”). Branded Hotels operate using distinctive and proprietary system of
methods, procedures, designs, standards, and we may improve, substitute, further develop, or otherwise
modify periodically (together, the “Licensed System”). We call the Branded Hotel that you will operate
“your Hotel”. You must comply with all of our mandatory specifications, standards, operating
procedures, and rules that we periodically prescribe for operating Branded Hotels in general or the
Hotel in particular (“Brand Standards”).
If you wish to acquire a franchise for a Branded Hotel, you must sign a franchise agreement with us to
acquire the right to own and operate a Branded Hotel using the Licensed Brand and the Licensed
