5
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
identify an individual guest or customer of a Branded Hotels, including your Hotel, including names,
addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, payment and billing information, and demographics
(“Guest Information”). You may gain access to such Guest Information from us, our affiliates, our
vendors, and/or your own operations. You agree that all Guest Information (other than Restricted Data,
defined below) is our Confidential Information and is subject to the protections in Section 12.A. You
agree to provide us access to or copies of any and Guest Information upon request.
(2)
You and your Owners agree that during and after the Term you will, and will
cause each of your respective spouses, immediate family members, affiliates, and assigns to: (a)
process, retain, use, collect, and disclose all Guest Information only in strict accordance with all
applicable laws, regulations, orders, the guidance and codes of practice issued by industry or regulatory
agencies, and the privacy policies and terms and conditions of any applicable Online Presence; (b)
assist us with meeting our compliance obligations under all applicable laws, regulations, and orders
relating to Guest Information, including the guidance issued by industry or regulatory agencies; and
(c) promptly notify us of any communication or request from any customer or other person to access,
correct, delete, opt-out of, or limit activities relating to any Guest Information.
(3)
If you become aware of a suspected or actual breach of security or unauthorized
access involving Guest Information, you will notify us immediately and specify the extent to which
Guest Information was compromised or disclosed. You also agree to follow our instructions regarding
curative actions and public statements relating to the breach. We reserve the right to conduct a data
security and privacy audit of any of your Hotel and your Computer Systems at any time.
(4)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, you agree that we do not control or
own any of the following (the “Restricted Data”): (a) any personally identifiable information of the
employees, officers, contractors, owners or other personnel of you, your affiliates, or your Hotel; (b)
any Guest Information that we from time to time expressly designate as restricted or your
responsibility; and/or (c) any other personally identifiable information of any kind to which we do not
have access. Regardless of any guidance we may provide generally and/or any specifications that we
may establish for other Guest Information, you have sole and exclusive responsibility for all Restricted
Data, including establishing security protections for such Restricted Data; provided, that you agree to
comply with all applicable laws, regulations, orders, and the guidance issued by industry or regulatory
agencies for Restricted Data.
7.I.
Insurance. You must maintain, at your sole expense, the coverage required and from
insurers meeting our Brand Standards. Each insurance policy for liability coverage must name us and
any affiliates we designate as additional named insureds, using a form of endorsement that we have
approved. All policies must be primary and non-contributory with or excess of any insurance coverage
that may be available to an additional insured. You must provide us your initial certificates of insurance
prior to your Launch Date. You must also provide us annually a copy of the certificate or other evidence
of renewal or extension of each applicable insurance policy. You must provide 30 days’ prior written
notice to us of a policy’s material modification, cancellation or expiration. Each insurance policy must
contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us, our affiliates and their successors and assigns. If
you fail to procure or maintain the required insurance, you must pay us for all related costs (including,
premiums) we incur in connection with obtaining insurance coverage to protect us and our affiliates
from any losses or claims arising from your operations and your Hotel. In addition to our other
remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable law, if you have not provided the required
insurance certificates by the due date, you will pay us a $250 fee per month until you provide the
certificates. Your obligation to obtain and maintain the insurance described above is not limited in any
way by reason of any insurance we or our affiliates maintain, nor will your performance of such
obligations relieve you of any insurance obligations under this Agreement.
