22
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
2.
List your Guest Rooms as available on certain Third-Party Distribution Channels that we
select, in our discretion. Franchise Agreement – Section 8.B(3).
3.
Continue to make one of our revenue managers available to support you in developing
strategies for optimizing rates, inventory, and reviews for your Hotel, though you will have the
final decision and responsibility for all such strategies.  Franchise Agreement – Section 8.A.
4.
Continue to provide you with a copy of our Brand Standards Manual.  Franchise Agreement –
Section 7.B.
5.
Designate minimum or maximum prices at which you must sell your products and services if
we elect, and are permitted by applicable law, to do so.  Franchise Agreement, Section 7.A.(2).
6.
Continue to grant you the right to use the Licensed Brand and Licensed System.  Franchise
Agreement – Sections 9.B.
Brand Standards Manual
We will make our Brand Standards available to you during the term of your Franchise Agreement in
one or more separate manuals, as well as electronic files and software, information available on an
internet site, and other media, communications, emails and/or other written materials we distribute
(collectively, the “Brand Standards Manual”). At our option, we may make some or all of the Brand
Standards Manual available through an Online Presence (defined below). If we do so, you must monitor
and access that Online Presence for any updates to the Brand Standards Manual. The Brand Standards
Manual currently consists of: (i) the Magnuson Cloud PMS Operating Manual – 40 pages in total (table
of contents attached as Exhibit B-1); and (ii) the Magnuson Brand Standards Manual – 12 pages in
total (table of contents attached as Exhibit B-2).
Your Advertising.
We do not require you to conduct any specific forms of advertising or promotion for your Hotel, or
contribute any amount to a marketing funds or programs that we control. However, if you elect to
conduct advertising, you must comply with the Brand Standards in our Brand Standards Manual for
use of the Licensed Brand. You must not list your Hotel or any Guest Rooms on any Third-Party
Distribution Channel without our prior approval. We may periodically make certain marketing or
digital advertising materials and services available to you for purchase for an additional cost, though
your purchase of such materials and services is optional.
We do not require you to contribute any amount to or participate in any local or regional advertising
cooperative or fund, and/or contribute any amount to marketing that we conduct. We do not have the
right to establish any such advertising cooperative or collect such contributions.
Our Advertising.
We have the right to conduct any local, national and/or any other advertising for your Hotel that we
elect, including listing your Guest Rooms as available on any Third-Party Distribution Channels we
choose. You must cooperate with us in all strategies for promoting your Hotel on Third-Party
