25
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Other Training
Other than revenue management support described above, the information we provide you in the Brand
Standards Manual, we do not currently have any obligation to provide additional training programs or
services available to you. You are also responsible for providing training to all your personnel. You
are not obligated under your Franchise Agreement to attend any mandatory training.
ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement. You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control. We and our affiliates retain all rights with respect to the placement of Branded
Hotels and any other business activities in any manner or in any location, regardless of the nature or
location of the business activities or their customers, including any business offering or selling products
or services that are similar to, the same, or competitive with, those that Branded Hotels customarily
offer or sell, and/or including the right to be acquired by or acquire any other business, including
businesses competitive with Branded Hotels, and/or including business activities including through
alternative distribution channels such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct
marketing sales.  We have no obligation to pay you to exercise any of our rights described above,
including that we have no obligation to pay you to solicit or accept orders from any customers in your
area or near your Hotel.
You may operate the Branded Hotel only from the premises of the Incumbent Hotel we approve when
you sign the Franchise Agreement, and may use such premises solely for the operation of your Hotel.
You may not relocate your Hotel or operate your Hotel at a location other than the address indicated
on your Franchise Agreement. You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises. If you wish to obtain an additional franchise location, you must enter into a
separate Franchise Agreement for that location.
There are no limitations on your ability to solicit customers in any location by means of general
marketing, other than marketing conducted through the Internet or any Third-Party Distribution
Channel. We have the exclusive right to offer Guest Rooms for your Hotel through the Internet and
through Third-Party Distribution Channels. You may not offer bookings for your Hotel through any
alternative distribution channel, including through the Internet, without our approval.  We have no
obligation to pay you to exercise any of these rights.
Neither we nor our affiliates currently operate, franchise, or have plans to operate or franchise a
business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to a Branded Hotel.
However, Magnuson Company has entered into agreements with certain third-party Affiliate Hotel
owners to provide marketing services on the Magnuson Cloud PMS.  Each of these Affiliate Hotels
offer products and services that are similar to those offered by Branded Hotels, and which are
competitive with Branded Hotels. These Affiliate Hotels may operate, or solicit or accept orders at any
location. If a conflict should arise between any Affiliate Hotel and any Branded Hotel, we will analyze
the conflict and take any action we deem appropriate.
