19
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
19.
Sanctions and Anti-Bribery. You represent, warrant and covenant to us and our affiliates, on
a continuing basis, that neither you nor any other person having control over you or your Hotel is
subject to any trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti-terrorism, non-
proliferation, anti-money laundering or similar restriction and/or has been convicted of, has pleaded
guilty or nolo contendere to, or has otherwise been found liable for any violation of any law pertaining
to bribery, corruption, money laundering, competition, fraud, trade sanctions or export controls, or
human trafficking. You have not obtained and will not obtain, receive, transfer, or provide any funds,
property, debt, equity, or other financing related to this Agreement or your Hotel to or from any such
person. Any funds received or paid in connection with this Agreement have not been and will not be
derived from or commingled with the proceeds of any activities that are proscribed under the laws of
the United States. You will notify us immediately if any of the representations and warranties of this
Section are or become untrue.
20.
Enforcement.
20.A.
Arbitration.
(1)
All controversies, disputes, or claims between us or any of our affiliates (and
our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and employees), on the one hand, and
you (and your owners, guarantors, affiliates, and employees), on the other hand, arising out of or related
to: (1) this Agreement or any other agreement between you (or any of your Owners) and us (or any of
our affiliates); (2) your Franchise and/or our relationship with you; (3) the scope or validity of this
Agreement or any other agreement between you (or any of your Owners) and us (or any of our
affiliates) or any provision of any of such agreements (including the validity and scope of the
arbitration provision under this Section, which we and you acknowledge is to be determined by an
arbitrator, not a court); or (4) any Brand Standard, must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand
of either party, to the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”). The arbitration proceedings will
be conducted by one arbitrator and, except as this Section otherwise provides, according to the AAA’s
then current Commercial Arbitration Rules. All proceedings will be conducted at a suitable location
chosen by the arbitrator that is within 50 miles of our (or our successor’s or assign’s, as applicable)
then current principal place of business (currently, Casper, Wyoming). All matters relating to
arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.). The interim and
final awards of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon each party, and judgment upon the
arbitrator's awards may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
(2)
The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her awards any relief
which he or she deems proper, including money damages, pre- and post-award interest, interim costs
and attorneys’ fees, specific performance, and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator may not
declare any of the trademarks owned by us or our affiliates generic or otherwise invalid, or award any
punitive or exemplary damages against any party to the arbitration proceeding (we and you hereby
waiving to the fullest extent permitted by law any such right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary
damages against any party to the arbitration proceeding).  In any arbitration brought pursuant to this
arbitration provision, and in any action in which a party seeks to enforce compliance with this
arbitration provision, the prevailing party shall be awarded its costs and expenses including attorneys’
fees, incurred in connection therewith.
(3)
In any arbitration proceeding, each party will be bound by the provisions of
any applicable contractual or statutory limitations provision, whichever expires earlier. Each party
must submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by
Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding. Any claim which is not
