10
decisions that supersede the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship
with the franchisor.  Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the
Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.
3.
SITE OF ARBITRATION AND/OR LITIGATION. In any arbitration involving a
franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration site will be either in the state of Washington, or
in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration, or as determined by the arbitrator at
the time of arbitration.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a
franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.
4.
GENERAL RELEASE.  A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or
related agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except
when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the
parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).  In
addition, any such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise
is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).
5.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS AND WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  Provisions
contained in the franchise agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the
statute of limitations period for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act,
or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
6.
TRANSFER FEES. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect
the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
7.
TERMINATION BY FRANCHISEE. The franchisee may terminate the franchise
agreement under any grounds permitted under state law.
8.
CERTAIN BUY-BACK PROVISIONS. Provisions in franchise agreements or
related agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason
during the term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful pursuant
to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.
9.
FAIR AND REASONABLE PRICING.  Any provision in the franchise agreement
or related agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more
than a fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).
10.
WAIVER OF EXEMPLARY & PUNITIVE DAMAGES.  RCW 19.100.190
permits franchisees to seek treble damages under certain circumstances.  Accordingly, provisions
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary,
punitive, or similar damages may be void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement
after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in
accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).
11.
FRANCHISOR’S BUSINESS JUDGEMENT. Provisions in the franchise
agreement or related agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis
