Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b)
obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; or (c) was a principal
officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor
(or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or
that obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within
1 year after that officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the
company or partnership.
4.
The following is added to the end of Item 5:
We apply the initial franchise fee to defray our costs for franchisee screening and
training, legal compliance, salary, and general administrative expenses and profits.
5.
The following is added to Item 17:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes
of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business
Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in
force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General
Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.
6.
The following is added to Item 17(d):
You may terminate the Franchise Agreement on any grounds available by law.
7.
The following is added to Item 17(j)
However, to the extent required by applicable law, no assignment will be made except
to an assignee who, in our good faith judgment, is willing and financially able to
assume our obligations under the Franchise Agreement.
8.
The following is added to Item 17(v) and 17(w):
However, the governing choice of law and choice of forum shall not be considered a
waiver of any right conferred upon you by the provisions of Article 33 of the General
Business Law of the State of New York.
9.
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements--No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
10.
Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale
Act (N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure
Document (offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be
made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earliest
