16
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
the inability to perform the usual and customary tasks necessary to operate your Hotel in compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement through the remainder of the Term. If requested by
us, you or your Personal Representative shall provide us with an opinion from your medical doctor.
17.
Renewal.
17.A.
Terms of Renewal. After the expiration of the initial 5-year term described in Section
3, the Agreement will be automatically renewed for one additional successive term of 5 years, unless:
(1) you notify us at least 90 and not more than 180 days before the expiration of the Term that you are
electing not to renew your Franchise; or (2) subject to applicable law, we notify you prior to the
expiration date that we are electing not to renew your franchise for any reason.
17.B.
Conditions for Renewal. We may condition the grant of a renewal Franchise on your
satisfaction of certain conditions that we establish, in our sole discretion, including: (a) that you and
your Owners have complied with the terms of this Agreement, and all other agreements relating to
your Franchise, and/or with us and our affiliates during their respective terms; (b) that you and your
Owners sign a new franchise agreement and related documents we are then using to grant franchises,
which may contain provisions that differ materially from those contained in this Agreement, (c) you
and your Owners sign a general release of all claims against us and our affiliates and agents, in a form
we prescribe, and/or (d) you agree to undertake any and all remodeling, maintenance, expansion,
improvements, updates, and/or modifications required to bring your Hotel into compliance with then-
applicable Brand Standards for new Branded Hotels.
18.
Termination.
18.A.
Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately by
written notice if the other party breaches any terms of this Agreement and the breaching party fails to
remedy such breach within 30 days after receipt of written notice of such breach. Any termination by
you that does not comply with the terms of preceding sentence will be deemed a termination of this
Agreement by you without cause.
18.B.
Other Termination by Us. We may also terminate this Agreement immediately upon
notice to you if: (1) you or any of your Owners or affiliates made any material misrepresentation or
omission in acquiring your Franchise; (2) you abandon your Hotel or notify us that you intend to
abandon your Hotel, or fail to actively operate your Hotel for more than 3 consecutive days or more
than 10 days in any 12-month period, which will include any day that your Guest Room inventory is
below 100% without our prior approval; (3) you or any of your Owners make or attempt to make any
transfer in violation of Section 16 of this Agreement; (4) you or any of your Owners are convicted by
a trial court of, or pleaded guilty or no contest to, an indictable or hybrid offense; (5) you lose the right
to occupy the Premises for any reason, and/or the assets, property or interests in your Hotel are seized,
blocked, or subjected to writ, warrant or levy for any reason; (6) you or any of your Owners violate
any of the covenants in Section 12 of this Agreement; (7) you violate any health, safety, or sanitation
law, ordinance, or regulation, or operate your Hotel in an unsafe manner, and do not begin to cure the
violation immediately, and correct the violation within 72 hours after you receive notice from us or
any other party (even if any applicable governmental authority issuing you notice of your failure has
granted you a longer period of time to cure); (8) you create or allow to exist any condition in connection
with your operation of your Hotel that we reasonably determine to present an immediate health or
safety concern for the Hotel’s customers or employees; (9) you understate your Gross Room Revenue
3 times or more during the Term or by more than 3% on any one occasion; (10) you or any of your
Owners make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or admit in writing your insolvency or inability
to pay your debts generally as they become due, or you or any of your Owner’s consent to the
