32
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement
Summary
i.
Franchisee’s
obligations on
termination/
nonrenewal
Sections 18.C and
18.D of Franchise
Agreement
You must immediately: (1) close the Hotel for business; (2)
remove all components of the Licensed Brand from your
Hotel and take other actions to dissociate from the Licensed
Brand; (3) cease to identify yourself or your business as a
current or former Branded Hotel or franchise owner and take
the action required to cancel or assign all assumed name or
similar registrations relating to the Licensed Brand; (4)
return all Confidential Information; (5) cease using and
either disable or instruct the registrar of any Online Presence
associated with the Licensed Brand to transfer exclusive
control and access of that Online Presence to us; and (6)
comply with all other Brand Standards we establish from
time to time and applicable law.
If we terminate because of your breach or you terminate
without cause, you must also pay us Termination Damages.
If you terminate your Franchise Agreement or close your
Hotel without at least 90 days’ notice, you must also pay our
then-current inconvenience fee (currently, $2,000).
If you fail to complete the de-identification of your Hotel
within 30 days of termination or expiration of your Franchise
Agreement, you must also pay our then-current de-
identification processing fee (currently, $9,995).
j.
Assignment of
contract by
franchisor
Section 16.A of
Franchise Agreement
No restriction on our right to assign; we may assign without
your approval and without notice.
k.
“Transfer” by
franchisee–
defined
Section 16.B of
Franchise Agreement
Includes a voluntary, involuntary, direct, or indirect
assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition, encumbrance,
mortgage, or pledge, including transfer by reason of merger,
consolidation, issuance of additional securities, death,
disability, divorce, insolvency, encumbrance, foreclosure,
surrender or by operation of law.
l.
Franchisor
approval of
transfer by
franchisee
Section 16.B of
Franchise Agreement
We have the right to approve all transfers of your Franchise
Agreement, your franchise rights, all or a substantial portion
of the assets of your Hotel, and/or any direct or indirect
ownership interest in you or your Owners.
m.
Conditions for
franchisor
approval of
transfer
Section 16 of
Franchise Agreement
We may condition our approval of any transfer on any terms
and criteria we establish, including: (i) you must apply in
writing requesting our consent and provide us all
information or documents we request about the transferee
and its owners, (ii) you, your Owners and the transferee and
its owners must sign all of the documents we require in
connection with a transfer including a release of any and all
claims (except for claims which cannot be released or
