15
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
16.B.
Transfers by You.
(1)
You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties created by this
Agreement are personal to you, and if you are a business entity, your Owners, and that we have entered
into this Agreement in reliance upon the individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, business
ability, and financial capacity of you or, if applicable, your Owners. Accordingly, neither this
Agreement, your Franchise, all or a substantial portion of the assets of you or your Hotel, and/or any
direct or indirect ownership interest in you may be transferred by you or your Owners without our prior
written approval. For the preceding purposes, “transfer” includes a voluntary, involuntary, direct, or
indirect assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition, encumbrance, mortgage, or pledge, including
transfer by reason of merger, consolidation, issuance of additional securities, death, disability, divorce,
insolvency, encumbrance, foreclosure, surrender, or loss of the possession, control, or management of
your Hotel, or by operation of law. Any such assignment, transfer or encumbrance without such
approval shall have no effect and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. A transfer of ownership
of your Franchise or your Hotel (or its assets) may only be made in conjunction with a transfer of this
Agreement.
(2)
We may condition our approval of any transfer on any terms and criteria that
we establish, in our sole discretion, including: (1) that you submit an application in writing, providing
us all information and documents we request regarding the transferee, its owners, and the transaction,
and all such matters satisfy our then-current criteria for transfer approval; (2) you and your Owners
and the transferee and its owners sign the documents we require in connection with the transfer, in the
form we prescribe, including a general release of all claims against us and our affiliates and agents; (3)
you and your Owners are and have been in fully compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and
other agreements related to your Franchise; (4) the transferee and its owners sign our then-current form
of franchise agreement and related documents, any and all of the provisions of which may differ
materially from any and all of those contained in this Agreement; and (5) you provide us the evidence
we request to show that appropriate measures have been taken to effect the transfer as it relates to the
operation of the Hotel, including, by transferring all necessary and appropriate business licenses,
insurance policies, and material agreements.
(3)
We may review all information regarding your Hotel that you give the
transferee, correct or supplement any information that we believe is inaccurate or incomplete, and give
the transferee copies of any reports that we have regarding your Hotel and your Franchise.
(4)
Our consent to a transfer pursuant is not a representation of the fairness of the
terms of any contract between you and the transferee, a guarantee of your Hotel’s and your Franchise’s
or transferee’s prospects of success, or a waiver of any claims we have against you (or your Owners)
or of our right to demand the transferee’s full compliance with this Agreement.
16.C.
Death, Incompetency, or Permanent Disability. Upon the death, incompetency, or
permanent disability (as defined below) of you or any Owner, the executor, administrator, conservator,
or other personal representative (hereinafter “Personal Representative”) of such person must sell or
transfer his/her interest in this Agreement and your Hotel within a reasonable time, not to exceed 6
months from the date of death or determination of incompetency or permanent disability, to a person
we have approved. During such time period, your Hotel must remain compliant with the terms of this
Agreement, and unless your Hotel is managed by one or more remaining Owners that satisfy our
criteria, the Personal Representative will be responsible for appointing a manager we approve to
manage your hotel on a day-to-day basis. Any sale or transfer, including transfers by a will or by
inheritance, will be subject to all the terms and conditions for assignments and transfers contained in
this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, “incompetency” or “permanent disability” shall mean
