4
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
sharing and privacy laws. Your Hotel must adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair
dealing, and ethical conduct in all dealings with customers, suppliers, us, and the public. Promptly
upon receipt, you agree to provide us a copy of any and all notices you receive from any person, entity
or governmental authority claiming that you (or your affiliates or representatives) have violated any
laws, regulations, permits, licenses, agreements or other committed any other breach, default or
violation in connection with your Hotel, and/or that any audit, investigation, or similar proceeding is
pending or threatened against you or your Hotel.
7.E.
Management.
(1)
You are solely responsible for the management of your Hotel. You may not
delegate any of your responsibilities under this Agreement to any other person, including affiliates of
yours, or enter into any concession, lease, management company, or similar arrangement with any
other person for operation of any portion of your Hotel or to offer or operate any business activities at
or in connection with your Hotel without our prior written consent. You must timely pay all third-party
suppliers, lenders, landlords and other parties relating to your Hotel, at your own cost, and ensure that
your Hotel is operational at all times during the Term in accordance with this Agreement.
(2)
You must identify one of your Owners on the Cover Page of this Agreement who
is a natural person, to supervise the day-to-day operation of your Hotel on a full-time basis (your
“Managing Owner”). You acknowledge and agree that your Managing Owner is authorized to deal
with us on your behalf for all matters whatsoever that may arise with respect to your Hotel and/or this
Agreement. Any decision made by the Managing Owner will be final and binding on you and we will
be entitled to rely solely on the decision of the Managing Owner without discussing the matter with
any other party. We will not be held liable for any actions based on any decisions or actions of the
Managing Owner. You represent and agree that the person acting as your Managing Owner has full
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any other documents to which you are a party,
and to make binding decisions on your behalf. The execution and delivery by your Managing Owner
of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action.
7.F.
Hotel Personnel. You are solely responsible for all decisions relating to employees,
agents, and independent contractors that you may hire or retain for your Hotel. You agree that any
employee, agent, or independent contractor that you hire or retain will be your employee, agent, or
independent contractor, and not our or our affiliates’ employee, agent, or independent contractor. You
are exclusively responsible for all salary, wages, benefits, taxes, and other costs and expenses
associated with each of your employees, agents and independent contractors, and no act or omission
by us or any of our affiliates to protect the Licensed Brand or Licensed System will result in an
employer, joint-employer or co-employer relationship with your employees or staff, or shifts of any
employment related responsibilities from you to us. We may require that any employee, agent, or
independent contractor who will have access to Confidential Information, to execute a non-disclosure
agreement to protect the Confidential Information.
7.G.
Guest Satisfaction. We may contact any guest(s) of your Hotel at any time for any
purpose. We may address any guest complaint received by us, including refunding money to the
complaining guest, and incurring other costs, in which case you must reimburse us for these amounts.
You also agree to participate in and honor the terms of each of our designated guest loyalty, satisfaction
and/or other similar programs that are applicable to the Branded Hotels.
7.H.
Data Security.
(1)
You may from time to time have access to information that can be used to
