9
RHODE ISLAND
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that: (a) an offer to sell is made or accepted in the State of Rhode Island, or (b) an
offer to buy is accepted in the State of Rhode Island, or (c) you are a resident of the State of Rhode
Island, and the Hotel is or will be operated in the State of Rhode Island.
1.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. The following language is added to the end of
Section 20.B of the Franchise Agreement:
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A
provision in a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside
this state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect
to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.”
2.
GOVERNING LAW. The following language is added to the end of Section 20.C of
the Franchise Agreement:
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “To
the extent required by applicable law, Rhode Island will apply to claims arising under
the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.”
SOUTH DAKOTA
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that:  (a) you are a resident of South Dakota and the Hotel that you will operate under
the Franchise Agreement will be located or operated in South Dakota; and/or (b) any of the offering or
sales activity relating to the Franchise Agreement occurred in South Dakota.
1.
FEE DEFERRAL.  Pursuant to an order of the Securities Regulation Office of the
South Dakota Department of Labor & Regulation, we have agreed to defer collection of fees and
other initial payments you owe us until we have completed all of our pre-opening obligations to you
under the Franchise Agreement and you begin operating the Hotel.
WASHINGTON
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that:  (a) the offer to sell a franchise is accepted in Washington; (b) the purchaser of
the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) the franchised business that is the subject of the
sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington.
1.
CONFLICT OF LAWS.  In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
2.
FRANCHISEE BILL OF RIGHTS.  RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in
the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor,
including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also be court
