23
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
Wisconsin: No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting
on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.
21.D.
Delegation. We reserve the right to delegate to one or more of our affiliates at any
time, any and all of our rights, obligations or requirements under this Agreement, and to require that
you submit any relevant materials and documents otherwise requiring approval by us under this
Agreement to such designees, in which case approval by such designees will be conclusively deemed
to be approval by us. We may revoke any such delegation or designation at any time. You acknowledge
and agree that one or more of our designees may operate, license, or otherwise support brands other
than the Licensed Brand.
21.E.
No Liability to Others. Other than as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this
Agreement is intended or deemed to confer any rights or remedies on any person or entity not a party
to this Agreement. We will not, because of this Agreement or by virtue of any approvals, advice or
services provided to you, be liable to any person or legal entity who is not a party to this Agreement.
You understand that you are not a third-party beneficiary of any other franchise agreement between us
and other Branded Hotel franchisees and that you have no independent right to enforce the terms of,
or require performance under, any other franchise agreement.
21.F.
Construction.
(1)
The preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which constitutes our
and your entire agreement. There are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between
us and you, or oral or written representations by us, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement,
your Franchise, or your Hotel. Any understandings or agreements reached, or any representations
made, before this Agreement are superseded by this Agreement. Nothing in this or in any related
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in any Franchise Disclosure
Document.
(2)
The headings of the sections and paragraphs are for convenience only and do
not define, limit, or construe the contents of these sections or paragraphs.
(3)
References in this Agreement to “we,” “us,” and “our,” with respect to all of
our rights and all of your obligations to us under this Agreement, include any of our affiliates,
employees, owners, agents and representatives with whom you deal. The term “affiliate” means any
person or entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, under common control with, or owning
or controlling you or us. The term “control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of
management and policies. The use of the term “including” in this Agreement, means in each case
“including, without limitation.”
(4)
If two or more persons are at any time the owners of your Hotel, whether as
partners or joint venturers, or are your guarantors, their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint
and several. References to “Owner” mean any person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest
(whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights in you, including any person who has
any other legal or equitable interest, or the right to acquire any legal or equitable interest, in the revenue,
profits, rights, or assets in of you, this Agreement or your Hotel. The term “person” means any natural
person, corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, unincorporated
