18
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Collectively, the purchases you obtain according to our specifications or from approved or designated
vendors represent approximately 15% to 30% of your total purchases to convert your Incumbent Hotel
to a Branded Hotel, and 5% to 10% of your total purchases to operate your Hotel after its conversion.
Insurance
You must obtain and maintain the minimum insurance coverage that satisfies our Brand Standards, at
your own expense. Currently, we require the following types of minimum coverage: (i) comprehensive
general liability insurance insuring against claims for bodily and personal injury, and death and
property damage, caused by or occurring in conjunction with the operation of your Hotel or otherwise
in conjunction with the conduct of business by you pursuant to the franchise, with coverage of not less
than $1,000,000 per occurrence or claim and annual aggregate; (ii) workers’ compensation and
employers’ liability insurance in amounts prescribed by law; and (iii) any additional policies and
insurance coverage that may be required by law; in amounts prescribed by law.
Each insurance policy for liability coverage must name us and any affiliates we designate as additional
named insureds, using a form of endorsement that we have approved. All policies must be primary and
non-contributory with or in excess of any insurance coverage that may be available to an additional
insured. You must provide us your initial certificates of insurance prior to your Launch Date. You must
also provide us annually a copy of the certificate or other evidence of renewal or extension of each
applicable insurance policy. You must provide 30 days’ prior written notice to us of a policy’s material
modification, cancellation, or expiration. Each insurance policy must contain a waiver of all
subrogation rights against us, our affiliates and their successors and assigns. If you fail to procure or
maintain the required insurance, you must pay us for all related costs (including, premiums) we incur
in connection with obtaining insurance coverage to protect us and our affiliates from any losses or
claims arising from your operations and your Hotel. In addition to our other remedies and rights under
your Franchise Agreement and applicable law, if you have not provided the required insurance
certificates by the due date, you will pay us a $250 fee per month until you provide the certificates.
Your obligation to obtain and maintain the insurance described above is not limited in any way by
reason of any insurance we or our affiliates maintain, nor will your performance of such obligations
relieve you of any insurance obligations under your Franchise Agreement.
Purchase Agreements and Rebates
Neither we nor our affiliates have negotiated purchase arrangements or price terms for the benefit of
franchisees, nor have we established any purchasing or distribution cooperatives. Neither we nor our
affiliates derive revenue in the form of rebates, or other consideration from vendors based on your
purchases and leases of certain products and services. Neither we nor our affiliates collected any
amounts from consideration from vendors based on purchases and leases by franchisees in our last
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. We do not currently provide material benefits to franchisees for
purchasing particular products or services or using designated or approved vendors.
