3
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
(2)
Brand Standards may regulate any aspects of operating and maintaining your
Hotel that we determine to be useful to preserve or enhance the Licensed Brand and/or Licensed
System, including: (1) use and display of the trademarks, tradenames, logos, or other indicia of the
Licensed Brand; (2) maintaining a minimum average customer rating on social, travel, or similar
directories, websites, or services we designate (currently, 3.4 of 5 stars for Magnuson Hotels®, and 3.6
of 5 stars for Magnuson Grand®) (“Minimum Customer Rating”); (3) issuing and honoring gift cards,
gift certificates and similar items, and participating in loyalty programs, revenue enhancement
programs, and rate strategies; (4) customer service standards and policies, and quality assurance or
customer satisfaction programs; (5) product and service development programs, including participation
in market research and testing; (6) accepting credit and debit cards, other payment systems, currencies,
and check verification services; (7) prohibiting certain practices that we determine are misleading or
detrimental to the Licensed System, such as incremental fees for services that guests would normally
expect to be included in the Guest Room rate; (8) policies for the registration, use, content, or
management of Online Presences, or other technology systems, solutions, or products; or (9) imposing
minimum or maximum prices or other pricing requirements permitted by applicable law.
(3)
Although we retain the right to establish and periodically modify Brand
Standards, you are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel and for
implementing and maintaining Brand Standards at your Hotel, at your sole cost. We may change the
Brand Standards from time to time in our sole discretion. You will be required to make any changes to
your operations or your Hotel promptly upon receiving notice from us of the modified Brand Standards.
(4)
You acknowledge and agree that uniformity might not be possible or practical
under varying conditions, and that we specifically reserve the right to vary Brand Standards for any
Branded Hotel based on the peculiarities of any condition that we consider important to successful
operation. We may choose not to authorize similar variations or accommodations to you.
7.B.
Brand Standards Manual. We will make our Brand Standards available to you during
the Term in one or more separate manuals, as well as electronic files and software, information
available on an internet site, and other media, communications, emails and/or other written materials
we distribute (collectively, the “Brand Standards Manual”). You may not at any time copy, duplicate,
record, or otherwise reproduce any part of the Brand Standards Manual without our approval. At our
option, we may make some or all of the Brand Standards Manual available through an Online Presence
(defined below). If we do so, you agree to monitor and access that Online Presence for any updates to
the Brand Standards Manual.
7.C.
Other General Maintenance. In addition to complying with Brand Standards, you
must regularly clean, repaint and repair the interior and exterior of the Premises, repair or replace
damaged, worn out or obsolete furniture, fixtures and equipment and otherwise maintain the condition
of your Hotel and the Premises to meet industry standards of professionalism, cleanliness, sanitation,
efficiency, and pleasant ambiance.
7.D.
Compliance with Laws / Good Business Practices. You must secure and maintain all
required licenses, permits, and certificates relating to the operation of your Hotel and must at all times
operate your Hotel in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations. You also
agree to comply and assist us in our compliance efforts with any and all laws and regulations relating
to Branded Hotels. You are solely responsible for determining what actions must be taken by you to
comply with all laws, orders and/or regulations, and we have provided you no recommendations,
advice, or legal counsel on any such matters. You agree to comply with our website privacy policy, as
it may be amended periodically. You agree to comply with any requests to return or delete customer’s
Guest Information, whether requested by us or directly by the customer, as required by applicable data
