MAGNUSON FRANCHISING LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 1.
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS
Magnuson Franchising LLC (the "Company"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Magnuson
Company LLC (the "Member" or the "Licensor"), was formed on March 17, 2021, as a
Washington limited liability company to sell franchises pursuant to a non-exclusive
license agreement dated January 4, 2022, between the Company and the Licensor.
Pursuant to the Company's standard franchise agreement, franchisees will operate a
hotel facility under the "Magnuson" name and system. 
The Company is a limited liability company and, therefore, the member is not liable for
the debts, obligations or other liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract,
tort or otherwise, unless the member has signed a specific guarantee.  
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Accounting
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ("U.S. GAAP").
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The
Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of some of its franchisees to make required payments. The Company
assesses collectibility by reviewing accounts receivable on a collective basis where similar
risk characteristics exist. In determining the amount of the allowance for doubtful
accounts, management considers historical collectibility and makes judgments about the
creditworthiness of the pool of franchisees based on credit evaluations. Current market
conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions are
considered in adjusting the historical losses to determine the appropriate allowance for
doubtful accounts. Uncollectible accounts are written off when all collection efforts
have been exhausted. The Company did not require an allowance for doubtful accounts
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
6
