6
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
(i)
The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then current
reasonable qualifications or standards.
(ii)
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or
subfranchisor.
(iii)
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply
with all lawful obligations.
(iv)
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing
to the franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of
the proposed transfer.
(h)
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants
to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this
subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a
franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful
provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in
subdivision (c).
(i)
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign,
or otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless
provision has been made for providing the required contractual services.
If the franchisor’s most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of
less than $100,000, the franchisor shall, at the request of a franchisee, arrange for the escrow of
initial investment and other funds paid by the franchisee until the obligations to provide real estate,
improvements, equipment, inventory, training, or other items included in the franchise offering are
fulfilled. At the option of the franchisor, a surety bond may be provided in place of escrow.
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE
ATTORNEY 
GENERAL 
DOES 
NOT 
CONSTITUTE 
APPROVAL,
RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Any questions regarding the notice should be directed to:
State of Michigan
Consumer Protection Division
Attention:  Franchise
670 G. Mennen Williams Building
525 West Ottawa
Lansing, Michigan  48909
Telephone:  517-373-7117
Note:  Subparagraph (f) above is preempted by federal law and cannot preclude us from enforcing
the arbitration provision in the Franchise Agreement. We will seek to enforce this section as written.
