Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD | Ex. H – State Addenda
1475.002.006/421532
WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL
PROTECTION & INNOVATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov.
6.
REGISTRATION OF THIS FRANCHISE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE COMMISSIONER OF
THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION.
7.
The following language is added to the end of Item 6:
The highest rate of interest allowed by California law is 10% annually.
8.
The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17:
The Franchise Agreement requires you to sign a general release of claims upon renewal or
transfer of the Franchise Agreement.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides
that any condition, stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any
franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder
is void.  Section 31512 might void a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law
(California Corporations Code Section 31000 – 31516).  Business and Professions Code
Section 20010 might void a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business
and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043).
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California Civil Code
Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the
franchisee concerning termination, transfer or nonrenewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, and the law applies, the law
will control.
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require application of the
laws of Wyoming.  This provision might not be enforceable under California law.
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not
be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A Section 101 et seq.).
9.
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted
at a suitable location chosen by the arbitrator which is within a 50-mile radius of our then-current
principal place of business (currently, Casper, Wyoming) with the costs being borne as provided in the
Franchise Agreement. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to
determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code
Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any
provisions of the Franchise Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.
10. The Department has determined that we, the franchisor, have not demonstrated we are
adequately capitalized and/or that we must rely on franchise fees to fund our operations. The
Commissioner has imposed a fee deferral condition, which requires that we defer the collection of all
initial fees from California franchisees until we have completed all of our pre-opening obligations and
you are open for business.
