5
1.
INSOLVENCY. The following language is added to the end of Section 18.B(10) of
the Franchise Agreement:
; however, we and you acknowledge that certain aspects of this provision might not be
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Sections 101 et seq.).
2.
LIMITATIONS OF CLAIMS. The following sentence is added to the end of Section
20.I of the Franchise Agreement:
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be
brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
3.
RELEASES. The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 16.B(2) and 17.B
of the Franchise Agreement:
However, any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not
apply to claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
4.
ARBITRATION. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 20.A of the
Franchise Agreement:
A Maryland franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a
franchisee to waive its right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland
Franchise Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as to whether this
forum selection requirement is legally enforceable.
5.
RELEASES. The Franchise Agreement is further amended to state that “All
representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppels or waiver of any
liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppels or waiver of any liability
incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.”
6.
FEE DEFERRAL. Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland
Securities Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and
payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening
obligations under the Franchise Agreement.
MINNESOTA
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that: (a) the Hotel will be operated wholly or partly in the State of Minnesota; and/or
(b) you either a resident of, domiciled it, or actually present in the State of Minnesota.
1.
RENEWAL AND TERMINATION. The following sentence is added to the end of
Sections 3, 17, and 18 of the Franchise Agreement:
However, with respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subd. 3, 4, and 5, which require (except in certain
