17
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of all or the substantial part of your property; (11) you
or your Owners violate the terms of this Agreement or Brand Standards three or more times in any 12
consecutive month period (or 2 or more times for the same violation in any 12 consecutive month
period), whether or not you correct the violations; and/or (12) your Hotel falls below the Minimum
Customer Rating.
18.C.
Termination Damages.
(1)
If we terminate this Agreement because of your breach or if you terminate this
Agreement without cause, you and we agree that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to determine
the amount of damages that we would suffer due to the loss or interruption of the revenue stream we
otherwise would have derived from your continued payments under this Agreement through the
remainder of the Term. Therefore, you and we agree that a reasonable estimate of such damages, less
any cost savings we might have experienced (the “Termination Damages”), is an amount equal to the
net present value of the continuing fees to us that would have become due had this Agreement not been
terminated, from the date of termination to the earlier of: (a) 12-months following the date of
termination, or (b) the scheduled expiration of the Term. For the purposes of calculating Termination
Damages, continuing fees will be calculated based on your average fees during the 12 full calendar
months immediately preceding the last date of regular operations of your Hotel; provided, that if as of
the last date of regular operations, your Hotel has not been operating as a Branded Hotel for at least 12
months, continuing fees will be calculated based on the monthly average fees for all months your Hotel
has been in operation.
(2)
You agree to pay us Termination Damages and any and all other outstanding
invoices within 10 days after this Agreement is terminated. You and we agree that the calculation of
Termination Damages is only intended to reflect damages arising from loss of revenue from continuing
fees under Section 10.B, and that nothing herein shall preclude or limit us from recovering any other
damages caused by your breach of the Agreement.
(3)
Without limiting our other rights and remedies described in this Agreement,
you agree to pay us our then-current inconvenience fee for any closure of your Hotel or termination of
this Agreement by you, regardless of the cause, with fewer than 90 days prior written notice to us of
such termination or closure. The inconvenience fee is a reasonable estimate of our damages associated
with processing your de-activation on an expedited basis, and is in addition to and not an estimate of
any other damages arising from your breach of this Agreement, or a waiver of any kind of our right to
seek additional remedies on the basis of your default, including terminating this Agreement under
Section 18, or other damages, remedies, or forms of relief under Section 20.
18.D.
De-Identification. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you and your
owners must immediately:
(1)
close the Hotel for business to customers and cease to directly or indirectly
offer or sell any inventory or services from the Hotel, until you have completed your obligations under
this Section to de-identify the Hotel from the Licensed Brand;
(2)
cease to directly or indirectly use any component or indicia of the Licensed
Brand, or any trade name, trade-mark, service mark or other commercial symbol that indicates or
suggests a connection or association with us, in any manner or for any purpose, including at your own
expense, to remove from both the interior and exterior of the Premises all materials, signage and
components of the Licensed Brand as we determine to be necessary to avoid any association between
