13
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
(5)
We are not making any representations or warranties, express or implied, with
respect to the Confidential Information. We and our affiliates have no liability to you and your affiliates
for any errors or omissions from the Confidential Information.
(6)
All ideas, concepts, techniques, or materials relating to a Branded Hotel and/or
the Licensed System created by you, your Owners, or your employees (or for you, your Owners or
your employees), whether or not protectable intellectual property, must be promptly disclosed to us
and will be our sole and exclusive property, part of the Licensed System, and works made-for-hire for
us. To the extent that any item does not qualify as a “work made-for-hire” for us, you hereby waive all
moral rights in that item, assign ownership of that item, and all related rights to that item, to us and
agree to take whatever action (including signing assignment or other documents) we request to
evidence our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual property rights in the item.
12.B.
Non-Disparagement. During and after the Term, you (and each of your Owners) agree
not to, and to cause your respective current and former spouses, immediate family members,
shareholders, members, officers, directors, principals, agents, partners, employees, representatives,
attorneys, affiliates, successors and assigns not to: (i) disparage or otherwise speak or write negatively,
directly or indirectly, of us, our affiliates, any of our or our Licensed Brand, the Licensed System, any
Branded Hotel, any business using the Licensed Brand, or any other brand concept operated by us or
our affiliates, or (ii) take any other action which would, directly or indirectly, subject any of the
foregoing to ridicule, scandal, reproach, scorn, or indignity, or which would negatively impact or injure
the goodwill of the foregoing, or would constitute an act of moral turpitude.
12.C.
Non-Interference. During and after the Term, you (and each of your Owners) agree
not to, and to cause each of your respective current and former spouses, immediate family members,
shareholders, members, officers, directors, principals, agents, partners, employees, representatives,
attorneys, affiliates, successors and assigns not to solicit, interfere, or attempt to interfere with our or
our affiliates’ relationships with any customers, franchisees, lenders, vendors, or consultants.
13.
Independent Contractors; No Fiduciary. This Agreement does not create a fiduciary
relationship between you and us. You are an independent contractor, and that nothing in this Agreement
is intended to make either party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the
other for any purpose whatsoever. You agree to conspicuously identify yourself in all your dealings
with clients, customers, suppliers, public officials, Hotel personnel, and others as the owner of your
Hotel pursuant to a Franchise Agreement with us. You may not make any express or implied
agreements, warranties, guarantees, or representations, or incur any debt, in our name or on our behalf
or represent that your and our relationship is anything other than franchisor and franchise owner.
14.
Indemnification.
14.A.
Your Obligations. You shall be solely and exclusively responsible for any Claims
(defined below) relating to your business, your Franchise, the Premises, the operation of your Hotel,
and/or your breach of this Agreement, even if such Claims are brought or filed after transfer,
termination, or expiration of this Agreement. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, our
affiliates, and our and their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and
assigns harmless from and against, and to reimburse us and them for, all such Claims.
14.B.
Claims. For purposes of this indemnification, “Claims” include all obligations,
damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and costs reasonably incurred in defending any claim
against it, including reasonable accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert witness fees, costs of
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other expenses of litigation,
