22
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES, ON THE ONE HAND, AND YOU (OR
YOUR OWNERS, GUARANTORS, AFFILIATES, AND EMPLOYEES), ON THE OTHER HAND,
MAY NOT BE: (I) CONDUCTED ON A CLASS-WIDE BASIS, (II) COMMENCED,
CONDUCTED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY OTHER PROCEEDING, (III) JOINED WITH
ANY CONTROVERSY, DIUSPUTE, OR CLAIM OF AN UNAFFILIATED THIRD-PARTY, OR
(IV) BROUGHT ON YOUR BEHALF BY ANY ASSOCIATION OR AGENT.
21.
Miscellaneous.
21.A.
Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each
section, paragraph, term, and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any reason, any part
is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or regulation
in a final, unappealable ruling issued by any court, agency, or tribunal with competent jurisdiction, that
ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any other portions of this Agreement, which
will continue to have full force and effect and bind the parties. If any covenant is deemed unenforceable
by virtue of its scope and/or length of time, but would be enforceable if modified, you and we agree
that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies
applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the covenant’s validity.
21.B.
Invalid Provisions. If any applicable and binding law, ordinance, rule, or regulation
of any jurisdiction requires more notice of this Agreement’s termination or of our refusal to enter into
a renewal franchise agreement than this Agreement requires, or some other action that this Agreement
does not require, or any provision of this Agreement or any Brand Standard is invalid, unenforceable,
or unlawful, the notice and/or other action required by the law, ordinance, rule or regulation will be
substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement, and we may modify the invalid or
unenforceable provision or Brand Standard to the extent required to be valid and enforceable or delete
the unlawful provision in its entirety. You agree to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing the
maximum duty the law permits which is subsumed within any provision of this Agreement, as though
it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement.
21.C. Consents; Waivers. We and you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or
reduce any obligation of or restriction on the other under this Agreement, effective on delivery of
written notice to the other or another effective date stated in the notice of waiver. Any waiver granted
will be without prejudice to any other rights we or you have, will be subject to continuing review, and
may be revoked at any time and for any reason effective on delivery of 10 days’ prior written notice.
We and you will not waive or impair any right, power, or option this Agreement reserves (including
our right to demand exact compliance with every term, condition, and covenant or to declare any
breach to be a default and to terminate this Agreement before its term expires) because of any custom
or practice at variance with this Agreement’s terms; our or your failure, refusal, or neglect to exercise
any right under this Agreement or to insist on the other’s compliance with this Agreement, including
any Brand Standard; our waiver of or failure to exercise any right, power, or option, whether of the
same, similar, or different nature, with other Branded Hotels; the existence of franchise agreements
for other Branded Hotels which contain different provisions from those contained in this Agreement;
or our acceptance of any payments due from you after any breach of this Agreement. No special or
restrictive legend or endorsement on any check or similar item given to us will be a waiver,
compromise, settlement, or accord and satisfaction. We are authorized to remove any legend or
endorsement, which then will have no effect.
The following provision applies if you or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the
franchise registration or disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or
