17
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Standards; your management skills and experience and business acumen; local economic
conditions; the local market for advertisements; the prevailing wage rate; the size and
specifications of your Hotel; the employment levels reached during this period; and the costs
and fees associated with any financing you obtain.
6.
We have based the estimates in this table on Magnuson Company’s and our officers’
experience in the hotel industry generally and with Affiliate Hotels.  We based these estimates
on a Branded Hotel that operates with 60 Guest Rooms and your costs may vary if your Hotel
has more or fewer Guest Rooms. We do not expect the estimates above to vary materially based
on the Licensed Brand of the Branded Hotel. Neither we nor our affiliates offer financing
directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.
ITEM 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Specifications for Products, Services and Vendors
We require that all signage and branded supplies that you use for your Hotel comply with our Brand
Standards. Prior to your Launch Date, you must deliver to us dimensions and photographs of all
signage, billboards, and other structures that display the Licensed Brand. We must approve all signage
and displays using the Licensed Brand before they are installed. After installation of all approved
signage and displays, and before your Launch Date, you must obtain, at your cost, professional-quality
photos of the rebranded Hotel, Guest Rooms and other facilities in your Hotel and deliver such
photographs to us, in the format we request, for use in promoting your Hotel on the Magnuson PMS
and any Third-Party Distribution Channel. We may also request that you send us updated professional-
quality photographs, at your cost, periodically during the Term.
Beginning on your Launch Date, you must list your Hotel and its Guest Rooms on an Approved PMS
or Magnuson Cloud PMS, as we approve. You must ensure that the point-of-sale or other computer
systems that you use at your Hotel meet our Brand Standards, including Brand Standards for minimum
hardware, software, integration, and connectivity.
We also have the sole and exclusive right to list your Hotel and Guest Rooms with Third-Party
Distribution Channels. We will make all determinations about where and how to list your Hotel and
Guest Room inventory on Third-Party Distribution Channels.
We may periodically make certain marketing or digital advertising materials and services available to
you for purchase for an additional cost, though your purchase of such materials and services is optional.
Other than as specified, we do not impose any specifications or restrictions on the products, services,
or vendors that you use for your Hotel. Other than as described above, we and our affiliates are not
suppliers of services or products to your Hotel. In our last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, neither
we nor our affiliates received any revenue or other material consideration from selling goods to
Branded Hotel owners (other than fees described in Item 6). Currently, none of our officers own any
interest in any of the approved vendors, other than an interest in our affiliates.
