4
STATE-SPECIFIC RIDERS
The state-specific terms below will apply to this Agreement and modify the terms to this Agreement,
if the transaction satisfies the jurisdictional requirements described below for any particular state law
and is not otherwise exempt from such law. The provisions of multiple states may apply.
The following provision applies if you or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the franchise laws
in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North
Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin: No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
ILLINOIS
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that:  (a) you are domiciled in the State of Illinois, or (b) the offer of the franchise is
made or accepted in the State of Illinois and the Hotel is or will be located in the State of Illinois.
1.
ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT.  The following language is added to
the end of the Franchise Agreement:
Except for the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and other federal laws in the U.S., the laws of
the State of Illinois will govern this Agreement.
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is
void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation
or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void.
Your rights upon Termination and Non-Renewal of an  agreement are set forth in
sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
2.
FEE DEFERRAL. Pursuant to an order of the Illinois Attorney General’s Office,
imposed based on our financial condition, we will defer collection of the initial franchisee fee and
other initial payments you owe us until we have completed all of our pre-opening obligations to
you under the Franchise Agreement and you have begun operating your Hotel.
MARYLAND
The following provisions are annexed to and form part of this Agreement if and only if, and in such
case to the extent that:  (a) you are a resident of the State of Maryland; or (b) the Hotel that you develop
under your Franchise Agreement is or will be operated in the State of Maryland; or (c) the offer to sell
is made in the State of Maryland; or (d) the offer to buy is accepted in the State of Maryland.
