29
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
ITEM 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
BUSINESS
Management of Your Hotel
You are solely responsible for the management of your Hotel. You may not delegate any of your
responsibilities under your Franchise Agreement to any other person, including affiliates of yours, or
enter into any concession, lease, management company, or similar arrangement with any other person
for operation of any portion of your Hotel or to offer or operate any business activities at or in
connection with your Hotel without our prior written consent. You must timely pay all third-party
suppliers, lenders, landlords and other parties relating to your Hotel, at your own cost, and ensure that
your Hotel is operational at all times in accordance with your Franchise Agreement.
You must identify one of your Owners in your Franchise Agreement who is a natural person, to
supervise the day-to-day operation of your Hotel on a full-time basis (your “Managing Owner”). Your
Managing Owner will be authorized to deal with us on your behalf for all matters that may arise with
respect to your Hotel and/or your Franchise Agreement. Any decision made by the Managing Owner
will be final and binding on you and we will be entitled to rely solely on the decision of the Managing
Owner without discussing the matter with any other party. We will not be held liable for any actions
based on any decisions or actions of the Managing Owner.
Obligations of Your Owners
If you acquire your franchise as a legal business entity, each person holding a direct or indirect
ownership interest (whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights in you, including any
person who has any other legal or equitable interest, or the right to acquire any legal or equitable
interest, in the revenue, profits, rights, or assets in of you, your Franchise Agreement or your Hotel
(each an “Owner”) and their respective spouses must execute a guaranty in the form we prescribe,
agreeing to be personally bound, jointly and severally, by all provisions of your Franchise Agreement
and any ancillary agreements between you and your Owners and us and/or our affiliates. Our current
form of guaranty is attached as an exhibit to your Franchise Agreement. If you entered into your
Franchise Agreement as an entity, your Hotel will be the only business that such entity operates, unless
we approve you to acquire and operate additional Branded Hotels pursuant to additional Franchise
Agreements between us and you. You and your Owners must also maintain organizational documents
at all times that state that your Franchise Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any of your
ownership interests, and all certificates and other documents representing your ownership interests will
bear a legend referring to your Franchise Agreement’s restrictions.
ITEM 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
You must make 100% of your total number of Guest Rooms available for sale at all times during the
term of your Franchise Agreement. You must not take any Guest Room out of available inventory for
longer than 14 days without our prior written approval. If you take a Guest Room out of inventory for
longer than 14 days without our authorization, in addition to all other rights and remedies we may have,
you must pay our then-current extended closure fee (currently, $750 per occurrence).
