34
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement
Summary
u.
Dispute resolution
Section 20 of
Franchise Agreement
Controversies disputes, or claims must be submitted for
binding arbitration, on demand of either party, to the
American Arbitration Association, to be conducted at a
location chosen by the arbitrator that is within 50 miles of
our then current principal place of business (currently,
Casper, Wyoming) (subject to state law)
v.
Choice of forum
Section 20.B of
Franchise Agreement
Subject to the arbitration requirement, all actions must be
brought in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction
closest to our then current place of business (currently,
Casper, Wyoming) (subject to state law).
w.
Choice of law
Section 20.C of
Franchise Agreement
Except for the Federal Arbitration Act and other federal law,
all matters shall be governed by Wyoming governing law
(subject to state law).
ITEM 18
PUBLIC FIGURES
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchises.
ITEM 19
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis
for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.
We do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial performance or the past
financial performance of company-owned or franchised outlets. We also do not authorize our
employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are
purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If
you receive any other financial performance information or projections of your future income, you
should report it to the franchisor’s management by contacting Melissa Magnuson, Magnuson
Franchising, LLC 312 W 2nd St., Unit A4238 Casper WY, 82601 United States, the Federal Trade
Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.
