30
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD
1475.002.006/421533
We have the sole and exclusive right to list your Hotel and Guest Rooms with Third-Party Distribution
Channels. We will make all determinations about where and how to list your Hotel and Guest Room
inventory on Third-Party Distribution Channels. If you have an account with any Third-Party
Distribution Channel for your Guest Rooms as of the Effective Date, you must transfer exclusive
control of such accounts to us. You must not list your Hotel or any Guest Rooms with any Third-Party
Distribution Channel without our prior written approval. We do not reserve the right to change the
types of Guest Rooms your Hotel will offer, which will be dictated by your Incumbent Hotel.
You must honor all confirmed reservations for your Hotel made through the Approved PMS,
Magnuson Cloud PMS, and/or any Third-Party Distribution Channel. If you are for any reason unable
to honor any confirmed reservations, you must find that guest an alternate accommodation in
accordance with our Brand Standards. If you fail to rebook any guest, you must pay us an amount equal
to twice the amount of the booking fee for the confirmed reservation for the Guest Room that was
unfulfilled or the cost of alternate accommodation that we or our affiliates provide to such guest,
whichever is higher.
You must maintain a minimum average customer rating on social, travel, or similar directories,
websites, or services we designate (currently, 3.4 of 5 stars for Magnuson Hotels®, and 3.6 of 5 stars
for Magnuson Grand®) (“Minimum Customer Rating”).  If your Hotel falls below the Minimum
Customer Rating, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.
ITEM 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this franchise disclosure document.
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement
Summary
a.
Length of the
franchise term
Section 3 of
Franchise Agreement
5 years from the Effective Date
b.
Renewal or
extension  of the
term
Sections 3 and 17 of
Franchise Agreement
After the initial 5-year term, the Franchise Agreement will
be automatically renewed for one successive five-year term,
unless you notify us of your election not to renew at least 90
and not more than 180 days before the expiration of the term
or subject to applicable law, we notify you prior to the
expiration date that we elect not to renew for any reason.
c.
Requirements for
franchisee to
renew or extend
Section 17 of
Franchise Agreement
We may condition the grant of a renewal on your satisfaction
of certain conditions including: (a) you and your Owners
have complied with the terms of all agreements relating to
your franchise, (b) you and your Owners sign a franchise
agreement and related documents which may contain terms
and conditions that differ materially from those contained in
