10
Magnuson Franchising, LLC
2025 FDD – Ex. A – Franchise Agreement
1475.002.006/421535
10.E.
Minimum Invoiced Revenue.  If for any reason the aggregate total of the fees that
you pay us, including continuing fees, GDS booking fees, and other fees and expenses for Third-Party
Distribution Channels that you pay us (in each case as described in Section 10.B to 10.D) is less in any
calendar month than our-then current minimum invoiced revenue requirement (current requirement
specified on Cover Page), you agree to pay us the amount of the deficiency in the manner we specify.
We may increase the amount of the minimum invoiced revenue requirement from time to time during
the Term, in amounts not to exceed 10% per annum, with at least 30 days’ prior notice to you.
10.F.
Payment. All payments are due to us on the invoice due date. Payment will be
processed either via ACH or credit card on the invoice due date unless payment has already been made.
We may modify the method of payment in the future with reasonable notice to you, and you must make
all payments due under this Agreement in the manner we designate from time to time and in accordance
with our payment instructions. You agree to sign and deliver to us the documents we require to
authorize us to withdraw all amounts due from your account via ACH or to charge your credit card on
file with us. Despite any designation you make, we may apply any of your payments to us or our
affiliates to any of your past due indebtedness to us or our affiliates. We may set off any amounts you
or your Owners owe us or our affiliates against any amounts we or our affiliates owe you or your
Owners. You and your Owners may not withhold payment of any amounts you or they owe us or our
affiliates for any reason, including for any alleged nonperformance by us. All payments and reports
required by this Agreement shall be sent to us at the address to which you are notified from time to
time, or to such other persons and places as we may direct from time to time. All amounts payable by
you or your owners to us or our affiliates must be in United States Dollars ($USD).
10.G.
Late Payment and Insufficient Funds. Any payment returned or declined for any
reason will result in a fee of $25, or the highest rate permitted by applicable law. Past due amounts are
subject to a one-time late fee of 5% of the balance owed, plus 1.5% on the balance owed per month
from the due date until paid (18% per annum), or the maximum rate allowed by law, whichever is
lower. We will be entitled to attorney fees, collection costs, court costs, and other costs incurred as the
result of any default in payment.
10.H.
Tax Withholding. If any gross receipts, sales, use, excise, value added or any similar
tax is imposed on us or any of our affiliates based on payments made by you related to this Agreement,
then you must reimburse us or the affected affiliates for such tax to ensure that the amount we or our
affiliates retain, after paying the tax, equals the net amount of the payments you are required to pay us
or our affiliates had such tax not been imposed.
11.
Inspections and Audits.
11.A.
On Premises Inspections. To determine whether you and your Hotel are complying
with this Agreement and all Brand Standards, we and our designated agents or representatives may at
all times, with or without prior notice to you, enter the Premises to inspect, observe or monitor your
Hotel or its operations, including that our representatives may take video or photographs, remove
samples, speak with your Hotel’s customers or personnel, access your computers system, or review
your books, accounts and records. Additionally, we may contract with third parties to conduct mystery
shopper, customer survey or other market research testing, and quality assurance inspections at your
Hotel. You agree to cooperate with us fully during the course of these inspections and tests.
11.B.
Failures of Brand Standards. If we determine after any inspection of your Hotel that
one or more failures of Brand Standards exist, and/or we are for any reason unable to complete an
inspection of your Hotel to our satisfaction because we are not granted proper access to your Hotel or
your personnel refuse to cooperate with our inspection staff, you must pay our then-current failed
