6
specified cases) that you be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and
180 days’ notice for non-renewal of this Agreement.
2.
TERMINATION DAMAGES. The following sentence is added to the end of Section
18.C of the Franchise Agreement:
Certain parts of this provision might not be enforceable under Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J.
However, we and you agree to enforce the provision to the extent the law allows.
3.
LIMITATION OF CLAIMS. The following sentence is added to the end of Section
20.I of the Franchise Agreement:
; provided, however, that Minnesota law provides that no action may be commenced under
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17 more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues.
4.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. The following sentence is added to the end of
Section 20.B of the Franchise Agreement:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J
prohibit us, except in certain specified cases, from requiring litigation to be conducted outside
of Minnesota. Nothing in this Agreement shall abrogate or reduce any of your rights under
Minnesota Chapter 80C or your right to any procedure, forum or remedies that the laws of the
jurisdiction provide.
5.
WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND JURY TRIAL. If and to the extent
required by the Minnesota Franchises Law, Section 20.F of the Franchise Agreement is deleted.
6.
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 20.G
of the Franchise Agreement:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a court will determine if a bond is required.
7.
RELEASES. The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 16.B(2) and 17.B
of the Franchise Agreement:
Any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer will not apply
to the extent, prohibited by Minnesota Franchise Law.
8.
TRADEMARK. The following sentence is added to the end of the Franchise
Agreement:
The franchisor will protect the franchisee’s right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade
names, logotypes or other commercial symbols or indemnify the franchise from any loss, cost
or expenses arising out of any claim, suit, or demand regarding the use of the name. Refer to
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g).
9.
FEE DEFERRAL. The Minnesota Department of Commerce (Securities Section)
requires us to defer payment of the initial franchise fees until your business opens.
