information) without your consent or a legal requirement. You must ensure that your POS system
and internet-connected technology systems are online and available for access. You alone are
responsible for analyzing, addressing, fixing, and assuring your own POS and technology compliance,
including any required Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance. You should assemble a team to
understand the POS and related technology problems within your business.

         For Traditional Sonic Drive-Ins and Non-Traditional Sonics with parking stalls, you must
install and maintain the POPS digital marketing platform and the additional hardware and software
mobile ordering and payment technology. We may require you to use certain software to generate
sales and other transactional information in the form we require. The costs of these systems range
from approximately $72,000 for a Non-Drive-In Location or Non-Traditional Sonic with no stalls to
approximately $182,000 for a Traditional Sonic with 30 stalls. The annual cost for mandatory
software and hardware maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates for the POS is between $4,000
and $8,000 annually. The annual cost for other services such as field repairs, and optional services
can vary widely depending on need, but will approximately cost between $1,000 and $5,000.
Otherwise neither we, our affiliate, nor any third party has any obligation to provide ongoing
maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates.

         Brand Technology Fund

        You must contribute a technology fee of 0.25% of the monthly Gross Sales of your Restaurant
to the BTF. For Sonic Drive-Ins open the full calendar year 2020, the monthly fee is instead set from
the April 2021 payment through the March 2026 payment at a flat amount equal to 0.25% of 2020
Gross Sales divided by 12, although we may (at our option) allow this percentage to apply to a lower
base amount for a limited period of time. The technology fee will continue for Gross Sales incurred
on or after March 1, 2026, only upon the approval of 67% of the franchisees of all Sonic Restaurants
(with 1 vote per restaurant). In some circumstances, we may reduce or waive technology fees in
work-out or troubled location situations or based on development incentives. Company Drive-Ins
will contribute to the BTF on the same basis as Franchise Drive-Ins. In addition to technology fee
contributions by franchisees, vendor contributions and certain supply chain savings also support the
BTF.

      We administer the BTF and direct all programs. We have no obligation in administering the
BTF to make expenditures for you which are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution to the
BTF. On a quarterly basis, we will consult with the Franchise Advisory Council Executive
Committee or its successor regarding our maintenance and administration of the BTF and report on
the BTF’s operation.

       During the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, the BTF spent its funds for the following
purposes:
                   Item                                                      Percent
                   Cyber security                                              13%
                   Satellite access/internet                                   16%
                   Support                                                     15%
                   Technology software and services                            55%
                   Other                                                        1%
                                                            TOTAL             100%
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
