        We will use the BTF and its earnings exclusively to meet the costs of designing, developing,
implementing, maintaining, administering and supporting products, services and programs related to
technology and information systems for the Sonic system and any other purpose that enhances or
protects the technology and information systems of any portion of the Sonic system. The BTF pays
us monthly 15% of the BTF’s receipts during the preceding month, but not to exceed our actual
administrative costs and overhead, if any, as we may incur in activities reasonably related to the
administration or direction of the BTF for the franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant network. The
BTF and its earnings will not inure to our benefit, and obligations of the BTF will not be our
obligations. If we do not spend all the BTF fees in the fiscal year in which the funds accrued, we will
carry the funds over to the next fiscal year. We do not use any of the funds of the BTF principally
for the solicitation of the sale of Sonic Restaurant franchises.

       The BTF is not our asset, and an independent certified public accountant we designate will
review the operation of the BTF annually, and we will make the report available to you upon request.
However, the body that we approve and designate as the body to consult with regarding our
maintenance and administration of the BTF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive
Committee or its successor) may designate the independent public accountant to conduct the required
review of the operation of the BTF if requested in writing at least 30 but not more than 60 days before
the end of each fiscal year. We currently have the BTF audited. Although we intend the BTF to be
of perpetual duration, we maintain the right to terminate the BTF, but will not do so until we have
spent all amounts in the BTF according to the requirements described here. (Section 12.07 of the
Franchise Agreement)

Training Programs

         Certified Training Programs

        Your Principal and one manager of your Restaurant must attend and successfully complete
our General Manager Training Program to our satisfaction before your Restaurant’s opening. Your
Principal and manager should plan to begin this training 5 to 6 months before your Restaurant opens
to allow adequate time to complete training and to hire and train assistant managers and restaurant
crew. In this training we will provide on-the-job training for each position in the Restaurant so that
you can learn how to operate the Restaurant and train your staff. We do not charge any fees for the
General Manager Training Program, but you must pay the salaries, travel, and living expenses for all
persons who attend training.

                                            Hours of      Hours of
                                           Classroom     On-the-Job
                  Subject                   Training      Training               Location
 General Manager Training (guest               0             72         A technical training Sonic
 service, cybersecurity, risk                                           Restaurant that we select
 management, inventory management,                                      at various locations
 balanced scorecard, financials, labor&                                 throughout the U.S.
 cost control, professional development)
 Shift Manager Training (professional          0              56        A technical training Sonic
 etiquette, team member training skills                                 Restaurant that we select
 & development, HR safety and                                           at various locations
 security, time management and                                          throughout the U.S.
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
