                   Item                                                        Percent
                   Sonic Games                                                    5%
                   Mystery Shop                                                   1%
                   Convention                                                     4%
                                                                 Total          100%

        We will use the SBF and all earnings exclusively to meet the costs of maintaining,
administering, directing, and preparing advertising and other promotional programs, including the
cost of preparing and conducting television, radio, magazine, and newspaper advertising campaigns
and other public relations activities; employing advertising agencies to assist; and providing
promotional brochures and other marketing materials to franchisees in the Sonic system, and any
other purpose that promotes, enhances, or protects the Sonic system, including food safety programs,
customer feedback programs, and Sonic games. The SBF covers costs for digital media, print, radio
and television campaigns, other public relations activities, employing advertising agencies,
conducting promotional tests and providing promotional brochures and other marketing materials to
our franchisees. The SBF pays us monthly an amount equal to 15% of the SBF’s receipts during the
preceding month, but not to exceed our actual administrative costs and overhead, if any, as we may
incur in activities reasonably related to the administration or direction of the SBF for the franchisees
and the Sonic Restaurant network, including conducting market research, preparing marketing,
advertising, and other materials, and collecting and accounting for assessments for the SBF. The SBF
and its earnings do not inure to our benefit. If we do not spend all the SBF fees in the fiscal year in
which the funds accrued, we will carry the funds over to the next fiscal year. We do not use any of
the funds of the SBF principally for the solicitation of the sale of Sonic Restaurant franchises.

       The SBF is not our asset, and an independent certified public accountant we designate will
review the operation of the SBF annually, and we will make the report available to you upon request.
However, the body that we approve and designate as the body to consult with regarding our
maintenance and administration of the SBF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive
Committee or its successor) may designate the independent public accountant to conduct the required
review of the operation of the SBF if requested in writing at least 30 but not more than 60 days before
the end of each fiscal year. We currently have the SBF audited. Although we intend the SBF to be
of perpetual duration, we maintain the right to terminate the SBF, but will not do so until we have
spent all amounts in the SBF according to the requirements described here. (Section 12.03 of the
Franchise Agreement)

         System Marketing Fund
       If you operate a Traditional Drive-In, your advertising cooperative will allocate a portion of
your Restaurant’s Gross Sales to the SMF, as described in Item 6. If you operate Sonic Restaurant at
a Non-Traditional Location, you will contribute 3% of Gross Sales directly to the SMF. Company
Drive-Ins also contribute to the SMF (through the advertising cooperatives) on the same basis as
Franchise Drive-Ins.

        We administer the SMF and direct all marketing programs with sole discretion over the
creative concepts, materials, and media used in those programs. The SMF is intended to complement
local marketing efforts by promoting the message of the Sonic brand to an expanded audience. The
SMF primarily provides national advertising across the Sonic Restaurant network which attracts
customers to Sonic Restaurants by promoting and targeting the message of the Sonic brand to an
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
