         Sonic for its written approval. Franchisee shall bear any costs, including engineering and
         architectural fees, incurred in obtaining approvals by the appropriate governmental
         authorities of the construction plans, specifications, and layouts. Prior to opening,
         Franchisee shall submit to Sonic, at no cost to Sonic, a record set of drawings showing all
         approved changes to the plans and specifications.

                 (b)     Sonic shall have the right to inspect and approve all plans and specifications
         prior to the commencement of any work. Franchisee shall submit the final plans and
         specifications for the Restaurant to Sonic for its written approval. Nothing in this section
         shall be construed as an endorsement or guarantee of the conformity of such plans to
         applicable local, state, or federal building or safety codes, or a guarantee that construction
         will be done in conformity with such approved plans. In any event, Franchisee shall obtain
         written approval of such plans or written notice of Sonic’s waiver of the rights reserved
         hereunder prior to the commencement of construction.

                 (c)     Franchisee shall not deviate from the approved plans and specifications in
         any manner in the construction or remodeling of the Restaurant without the prior written
         approval of Sonic. If at any time Sonic determines (prior to opening date) that Franchisee
         has not constructed or remodeled the Restaurant in accordance with the plans and
         specifications approved by Sonic, Sonic shall, in addition to any other remedies, have the
         right to obtain an injunction from a court of competent authority against the continued
         construction and opening of the Restaurant, and Franchisee hereby consents to any such
         injunction.

         3.04    Equipment and Sign.

                  (a)    Franchisee shall install in and about the Restaurant such equipment,
         fixtures, furnishings, and other personal property, and shall upgrade or purchase additional
         equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and other personal property, as are required and which
         strictly conform to the appearance, uniform standards, and specifications of Sonic existing
         from time to time, which shall be communicated to Franchisee in the Sonic Operations
         Manual or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall not install or use in the operation of the
         Restaurant any equipment, fixtures, furnishings or other personal property that Sonic does
         not approve, except that Franchisee may, without Sonic’s prior written consent, install
         security-related equipment that does not interfere with the operation or trade dress of the
         Restaurant.

                 (b)     In order to provide maximum exposure of the Sonic name and marks,
         Franchisee shall prominently display and maintain at Franchisee’s own expense one Sonic
         Restaurant sign (the “Sign”) which complies with the specifications required by Sonic from
         time to time and in such location as Sonic may approve. Franchisee shall not display any
         other sign or advertising at the Restaurant without Sonic’s prior written approval.

                (c)      Franchisee may lease the required Sign only from a source approved by
         Sonic. Franchisee agrees to require in any lease agreement with suppliers a clause giving
         Sonic the right to remove the Sign from the Restaurant upon termination of this Agreement.

                                                   7
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
