                Inspire International, Inc. (“Inspire International”) was incorporated under the name
         BWLD Global III, Inc. As part of an internal restructuring, BWLD Global III, Inc. merged
         with Arby’s International, Inc. and Sonic International, Inc. and, as the surviving entity,
         changed its name to Inspire International, Inc. Inspire International has offered franchises and
         master franchises for Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars, Arby’s Restaurants, Sonic restaurants,
         and/or Jimmy John’s restaurants operating outside the United States since its formation in
         October 2019. As of December 29, 2024, internationally and in Puerto Rico, there were 231
         franchised Arby’s restaurants, 65 franchised Buffalo Wild Wings or B-Dubs restaurants, and
         5 franchised Jimmy John’s restaurants.

                 In addition to DD and BR, the following affiliates offer franchises for Dunkin’ and/or
         Baskin-Robbins restaurants internationally: DB Canadian Franchising ULC (“DB Canada”),
         DDBR International LLC (“DB China”), DD Brasil Franchising Ltda. (“DB Brasil”), DB
         Mexican Franchising LLC (“DB Mexico”), and BR UK Franchising LLC (“BR UK”). DB
         Canada has offered Baskin-Robbins franchises in Canada since its formation in March 2006.
         DB Brasil has offered a Dunkin’ franchises in Brazil since its formation in May 2014. DB
         Mexico has offered Dunkin’ franchises in Mexico since its formation in October 2006. BR
         UK has offered Baskin-Robbins franchises in the UK since its formation in December 2014.
         As of December 29, 2024, there were 4,328 single-branded franchised Dunkin’ restaurants
         operating and 5,651 single-branded franchised Baskin-Robbins restaurants operating
         internationally and in Puerto Rico.

Other Affiliated Franchise Programs

         Through control with private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, we
are affiliated with the following franchise programs (“Affiliated Programs”). None of these affiliates
operate a Sonic franchise.

       GoTo Foods Inc. (“GoTo Foods”) is the indirect parent company to seven franchisors,
including: Auntie Anne’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Auntie Anne’s”), Carvel Franchisor SPV LLC
(“Carvel”), Cinnabon Franchisor SPV LLC (“Cinnabon”), Jamba Juice Franchisor SPV LLC
(“Jamba”), McAlister’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“McAlister’s”), Moe’s Franchisor SPV LLC
(“Moe’s”), and Schlotzsky’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Schlotzsky’s”). All seven GoTo Foods
franchisors have a principal place of business at 5620 Glenridge Drive NE, Atlanta, GA 30342 and
have not offered franchises in any other line of business.

                  Auntie Anne’s franchises Auntie Anne’s® shops that offer soft pretzels, lemonade,
         frozen drinks, and related foods and beverages. In November 2010, the Auntie Anne’s system
         became affiliated with GoTo Foods through an acquisition. Auntie Anne’s predecessor began
         offering franchises in January 1991. As of December 31, 2024, there were 1,182 franchised
         and 11 affiliate-owned Auntie Anne’s shops in the United States and 815 franchised Auntie
         Anne’s shops outside the United States.

                 Carvel franchises Carvel® ice cream shoppes and is a leading retailer of branded ice
         cream cakes in the United States and a producer of premium soft-serve ice cream. The Carvel
         system became an Affiliated Program in October 2001 and became affiliated with GoTo
         Foods in November 2004. Carvel’s predecessor began franchising retail ice cream shoppes


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
