                   Location or a Restaurant located within an endcap or inline location. “Drive-Thru Only
                   Location” is defined in Item 1. Under the DTO, End Cap & Inline incentive program,
                   if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between
                   you (or your affiliates) and us when you open DTO Incentive Restaurant, you open or
                   re-open the DTO Incentive Restaurant in compliance with the Development
                   Agreement (including the Development Schedule), you submit development costs to
                   us within 120 days of opening the drive-thru only DTO Incentive Restaurant, and you
                   build the DTO Incentive Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the
                   location we approve, then under this incentive program, for each new DTO Incentive
                   Restaurant you develop and operate, plus any existing DTO Incentive Restaurant(s)
                   under the development schedule that you have not received site approval for of as of
                   the Issuance Date of the FDD, then we will pay to you a total of $50,000 after that
                   Restaurant opens. You may combine this incentive program with our other incentive
                   programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.

         (18)      If we permit you to develop a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may
                   incur additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial
                   franchise fee, initial training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture,
                   equipment, initial inventory, and other expenses. You will find the build costs and
                   other costs to establish each applicable Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s
                   franchise disclosure document. You may pay less than the cumulative total estimated
                   initial investments for both a Sonic Restaurant and Other Restaurant if certain
                   expenses overlap, such as rent and insurance.

                                     ITEM 8
                RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        In order to ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout
the Sonic Restaurant network, you must maintain and comply with our quality standards, as we
periodically modify them. Our standards may regulate, among other things, the equipment and other
products and services you use to develop and operate the Restaurant, the designated and/or approved
suppliers of these goods and services, and the required and authorized products and services your
Restaurant offers. We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our affiliates’ and
our franchisees’ experience in operating and franchising Sonic Restaurants, and generally based on a
product’s quality, cooking times, yields, ease of preparation and similar factors. We will notify you
in our manuals, on our extranet, or in other written communications of the names of some of our
designated and approved suppliers. We typically provide our relevant standards and specifications to
approved suppliers and manufacturers rather than to franchisees.

        Although we do not require you to purchase or lease real estate from us or our affiliates, you
may only operate the Restaurant from a location that we accept (the “Site”). We have the right, but
not the obligation, to review and to approve or disapprove the lease for the Site. The lease for the
Site must contain the terms and provisions that are reasonably acceptable to us, including provisions
that we specify. You and your landlord must also enter into the Option to Assume Lease that is
attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit I.

       For any significant changes in the programs or policies impacting all or substantially all Sonic
Restaurants concerning training, the Sonic system, the Sonic operations manual, the SMF, the SBF
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
