         3.05 Opening of Restaurant. Franchisee must open the Restaurant for business on or
before the earlier of (i) the required opening date under any applicable development agreement or
(ii) the date which is one (1) year after the date upon which Sonic accepts the Site (or the date of
this Agreement if the Site is determined on that date). Franchisee agrees not to open the Restaurant
until: (a) Franchisee has properly developed and equipped the Restaurant according to Sonic’s
standards and specifications and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and has
prepared the Restaurant for opening according to Sonic’s standards; (b) all pre-opening training
for the Restaurant’s personnel has been completed to Sonic’s satisfaction; (c) all amounts
Franchisee then owes to Sonic and its Affiliates have been paid; and (d) Sonic has provided its
written authorization to open. Sonic’s determination that Franchisee has met all of Sonic’s pre-
opening requirements will not constitute a waiver of Franchisee’s non-compliance or of Sonic’s
right to demand full compliance with those requirements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days
after the Restaurant first opens for business, Franchisee shall provide Sonic a report, in the format
and containing the information that Sonic reasonably specifies, identifying the amounts that
Franchisee spent in various categories relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant.

        3.06 Casualty. If the Restaurant suffers some physical casualty, Franchisee agrees
promptly to restore the Restaurant to the minimum acceptable quality and appearance that existed
just prior to the casualty, unless the Restaurant was below minimum acceptable standards for Sonic
Restaurants at the time of casualty in which event the Restaurant will be restored to a condition
which meets Sonic’s then acceptable standard. However, Franchisee agrees to make all reasonable
effort to have the restored Restaurant reflect the then-current image, design, and specifications of
Sonic Restaurants. If the Restaurant is substantially destroyed by fire or other casualty, Franchisee
may, but only with the written consent of Sonic, elect to terminate this Agreement in lieu of
Franchisee reconstructing the Restaurant.

        3.07 Relocation. If the Lease expires or is terminated without Franchisee’s fault, or if
the Restaurant is destroyed, condemned, or otherwise rendered unusable, Franchisee may relocate
the Restaurant to a new site within the Protected Area that is acceptable to Sonic. Relocation will
be at Franchisee’s sole expense, and Franchisee must comply with this Agreement’s provisions
relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant at the new site and de-identification of
the old site. Upon such relocation, the Protected Area shall be shifted based on the new site
according to Section 4.01, except for (a) the contractually-granted protected radius of any Sonic
Restaurant in existence prior to the relocation and (b) the protected area of any developer under a
development agreement with Sonic in existence prior to the relocation.

4.       PROTECTED AREA.

        4.01 Protected Area. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.02, Sonic shall not own
or operate a Sonic Restaurant, and shall not franchise to any other Person to own or operate a Sonic
Restaurant (other than a Sonic Restaurant franchised prior to the date of this Agreement), within
the “Protected Area,” which is defined as the area determined as of the date of this Agreement by
the following provisions:

                 (a)    an area defined by a radius extending three quarters of a mile from the front
                 door of the Restaurant, if located within an area that has a population density of
                 more than 125,000 people per square mile; or
                                                  8
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
