expanded audience. The SMF currently focuses on purchasing advertising on national cable and
broadcast networks and other national, local and digital media, sponsorship and brand enhancement
opportunities. We have no obligation in administering the SMF to make expenditures for or which
impact you or the Restaurant which are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. On a
quarterly basis, we will consult with the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
successor regarding our maintenance and administration of the SMF and report on the SMF’s
operation.

       During the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, the SMF spent its funds for the following
purposes:
                   Item                                                      Percent
                   Television Advertising                                      27%
                   Agency Fees                                                 11%
                   Internet/Digital Advertising                                53%
                   Radio Advertising                                            2%
                   Customer Research                                            5%
                   Other                                                        2%
                                                            TOTAL             100%

        We use the SMF and all earnings primarily to purchase national broadcast, print, interactive,
and other media (such as digital media platforms and dynamic content optimization), sponsorships,
and brand enhancement opportunities. The SMF and its earnings will not inure to our benefit,
although this does not prohibit the SMF from paying the actual costs that we and our affiliates may
incur (including actual employment-related costs) in developing or implementing programs and
materials consistent with the SMF’s purposes for the benefit of franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant
network. If we do not spend all the SMF fees in the fiscal year in which the funds accrued, we will
carry the funds over to the next fiscal year. We do not use any of the funds of the SMF principally
for the solicitation of the sale of Sonic Restaurant franchises.

        The SMF is not our asset, and an independent certified public accountant we designate will
review the operation of the SMF annually, and we will make the report available to you upon request.
However, the body we approve and designate as the body to consult with regarding our maintenance
and administration of the SMF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
successor) may designate the independent public accountant to conduct the required review of the
operation of the SMF if requested in writing at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the end of
each fiscal year. We currently have the SMF audited. Although we intend the SMF to be of perpetual
duration, we maintain the right to terminate the SMF, but will not do so until we have spent all
amounts in the SBF according to the requirements described here. (Section 12.02 of the Franchise
Agreement)

         Advertising Cooperatives.

        Generally, each DMA has an advertising cooperative for that area, and the members include
all Sonic Restaurant franchisees and our affiliates who have a Sonic Restaurant located in that DMA.
If your Sonic Restaurant is located in a DMA that does not have an approved advertising cooperative,
you must promptly form one. If an approved advertising cooperative already exists in the DMA, you
must join the advertising cooperative or another advertising cooperative we designate. As a member,
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
