                (b)     Sonic shall direct all brand programs with sole discretion over the concepts,
         materials, guidelines, and media used in such programs. The SBF is intended to enhance
         the Sonic System and maximize general public recognition and acceptance of the
         Proprietary Marks for the benefit of the Sonic Restaurant network, and Franchisee
         acknowledges that Sonic and its designees undertake no obligation in administering the
         SBF to make expenditures for Franchisee which are equivalent or proportionate to
         Franchisee’s contribution.

                 (c)     The SBF and all earnings thereof shall be used exclusively to meet any and
         all costs of maintaining, administering, directing, and preparing advertising and other
         promotional programs (including the cost of preparing and conducting television, radio,
         magazine, and newspaper advertising campaigns and other public relations activities;
         employing advertising agencies to assist therein; and providing promotional brochures and
         other marketing materials to franchisees in the Sonic System) as well as any other purpose
         that promotes, enhances, or protects the Sonic System, including food safety programs,
         customer feedback programs, and Sonic games. The SBF shall pay Sonic monthly an
         amount equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the SBF’s receipts during the preceding month,
         but not to exceed Sonic’s actual administrative costs and overhead, if any, as Sonic may
         incur in activities reasonably related to the administration or direction of the SBF for the
         franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant network, including conducting market research,
         preparing marketing, advertising, and other materials, and collecting and accounting for
         assessments for the SBF. The SBF and its earnings shall not inure to the benefit of Sonic.

                  (d)    The SBF is not an asset of Sonic, and an independent certified public
         accountant designated by Sonic shall review the operation of the SBF annually, and the
         report shall be made available to Franchisee upon request. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         the body approved and designated by Sonic as the body to consult with regarding Sonic’s
         maintenance and administration of the SBF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council
         Executive Committee or its successor) may designate the independent public accountant to
         conduct the required review of the operation of the SBF if requested in writing at least
         thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each fiscal year.

                (e)      Although Sonic intends the SBF to be of perpetual duration, Sonic
         maintains the right to terminate the SBF. The SBF shall not be terminated, however, until
         all monies in the SBF have been expended in accordance with this Section 12.03.

                 (f)    On at least a quarterly basis, Sonic shall consult with the body approved and
         designated by Sonic (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
         successor) regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the SBF and shall report
         to that body on the SBF’s operation.

        12.04 Franchisee’s Advertising and Marketing. All advertising by Franchisee in any
medium which utilizes the Proprietary Marks or refers in any way to the Restaurant shall be
conducted in a dignified manner and shall conform to such standards and requirements as Sonic
may specify from time to time in writing. Franchisee shall submit to Sonic, for Sonic’s prior
approval, samples of all advertising and promotional plans and materials that Franchisee desires
to use that use the Proprietary Marks or refer to the Restaurant and that have not been prepared or
                                                 24
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
