                  (b)     Sonic shall provide its initial training program to the Principal and one
         manager of the Restaurant for no additional fees. Franchisee shall pay Sonic its then
         current fees for any additional parties associated with the Restaurant attending Sonic’s
         initial training program. In addition, Franchisee shall pay all wages and all travel, living
         and other expenses for all of Franchisee’s personnel while enrolled in any training program.

                  (c)    Upon opening the Restaurant, each of the Restaurant personnel who has
         shift responsibility or employee oversight responsibility at the Restaurant (collectively, the
         “Management Personnel”) must be certified in ServSafe or in another comparable,
         nationally-recognized food safety training and certification program approved by Sonic,
         the cost of which shall be borne by Franchisee. Management Personnel subsequently
         employed by Franchisee at the Restaurant shall have one hundred twenty (120) days from
         the beginning date of such employment to successfully complete such training. Franchisee
         shall pay wages and all travel, living and other expenses for such persons while
         participating in the training.

                 (d)      Franchisee acknowledges the importance of obtaining additional proper
         training during the development of its (or its Affiliates’) first three (3) Sonic Restaurants
         placed in operation. Therefore, if the Restaurant developed under this Agreement is, at the
         time it first opens for business, one of the first three Sonic Restaurants that Franchisee or
         its Affiliates then operate, then at Sonic’s option, Franchisee agrees to participate in, and
         agrees to accept and pay the expenses of, Sonic’s Franchisee Certified Training Team
         training program in connection with the opening of the Restaurant.

                 (e)     During the Term, Sonic may require Franchisee and/or its personnel,
         including the Principal, to attend and satisfactorily complete various training courses and
         programs and evaluation programs, including online training, that Sonic provides
         periodically at the times and locations Sonic designates, and Franchisee will pay the then-
         current additional training fees. At Sonic’s option, Franchisee must acquire the equipment,
         technology, and other products and services that Sonic periodically specifies (and pay all
         associated fees) in order to participate in the learning management platform or other Sonic
         Restaurant training system that Sonic periodically designates.

        6.02 Providing Sonic Operations Manual. Sonic will provide Franchisee access during
the term of this Agreement to the Sonic Operations Manual for use in operating the Restaurant.
The Sonic Operations Manual might include written or intangible materials and may be made
available to Franchisee by various means. The Sonic Operations Manual contains mandatory and
suggested standards. Sonic may modify the Sonic Operations Manual periodically to reflect
changes in standards. Franchisee agrees to keep its copy of the Sonic Operations Manual current
and communicate all updates to its employees in a timely manner.

       6.03 Communication. Sonic agrees to regularly advise and consult with Franchisee in
connection with the operation of the Restaurant, including advertising materials and new
developments, techniques, and improvements in areas of restaurant equipment, management, food
preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation of a Sonic Restaurant.


                                                  12
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
