       1.09 MSA. “MSA” means a Metropolitan Statistical Area or a Micropolitan Statistical
Area, as applicable, as defined by the United States Census Bureau from time to time, or such
replacement for Metropolitan Statistical Area or Micropolitan Statistical Area as Sonic shall
reasonably determine for the Sonic Restaurant network.

         1.10 Non-Controlling Ownership Interest. A “Non-Controlling Ownership Interest” in
Franchisee means the transfer or creation of any direct or indirect Ownership Interest in Franchisee
that is not a Controlling Ownership Interest.

       1.11 Non-Drive-In Location. “Non-Drive-In Location” means any permanent or
temporary Sonic Restaurant facility (other than a Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-
standing building with canopies devoted solely to the Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability
accessible to the general public by automobile from public thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations
include drive-thru only locations, convenience stores, gas stations and travel plazas.

         1.12 Non-Traditional Locations. “Non-Traditional Locations” means any permanent or
temporary food service facilities that operate (1) under one or more of the Proprietary Marks and
all or part of the Sonic System, and (2) at locations that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted
access to the general public by automobile from public thoroughfares. Non-Traditional Locations
include (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b) universities, schools and other
education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas and other public or restricted-access
transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and
entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public
facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers,
shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores,
grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals,
nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign territories.

       1.13 Owner. “Owner” means any Person holding a direct or indirect Ownership Interest
(whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) in Franchisee.

         1.14 Ownership Interest. “Ownership Interest” means (a) in relation to a corporation,
shares of capital stock (whether common stock, preferred stock or any other designation) or other
equity interests; (b) in relation to a limited liability company, membership interests or other equity
interests; (c) in relation to a partnership, a general or limited partnership interest; (d) in relation to
a trust, a beneficial interest in the trust; and (e) in relation to any entity (including those described
in (a) through (d) above), any other interest in that entity or its business that allows the holder of
that interest (whether directly or indirectly) to direct or control the direction of the management of
the entity or its business (including a managing partner interest in a partnership, a manager or
managing member interest in a limited liability company, and a trustee of a trust), or to share in
the revenue, profits or losses of, or any capital appreciation relating to, the Restaurant, that entity
or its business.

        1.15 Person. “Person” means any individual or business entity, including a corporation,
joint venture, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, or trust.


                                                    3
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
