         or similar electronic media) both inside and outside the Development Area and on any terms
         we deem appropriate;

                (iii) the right to establish and operate, and to grant to others the right to establish
         and operate, businesses offering dissimilar products and services, both inside and outside the
         Development Area, under the Proprietary Marks and on any terms we deem appropriate;

                (iv)    the right to establish and operate, and to grant others the right to establish and
         operate, Sonic Restaurants anywhere outside the Development Area under any terms we deem
         appropriate regardless of the proximity to any of your Sonic Restaurants; and

                (v)     the right to be acquired (regardless of the form of transaction) by a business
         providing products and services similar to those provided at any Sonic Restaurant, or by
         another business, even if such business operates, franchises, and/or licenses competitive
         businesses in the Development Area.

Affiliated Programs

        Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to
those that our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described
in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private
equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses
that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current
Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services
they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. All
of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are
physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise network. Most of the
Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network given the products or services
they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the businesses that our affiliates and their
franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your business. Because they
are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’
franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any
perceived conflicts that might arise.

                                              ITEM 13
                                            TRADEMARKS

        The Franchise Agreement licenses to you the right to use Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary
Marks” means the distinctive and characteristic trade names, trademarks, service marks, emblems and
trade dress that we designate periodically for use with Sonic Restaurants, along with other elements
of trade dress that we periodically designate for use in the Sonic system, such as signs, menu housings,
designs and design elements (including angled parking stalls equipped with menu housings, speakers,
and tray supports), color schemes, exterior style, canopies, interior furnishings, and equipment layout.
Our affiliate, ADIBP, has registered the following principal trademarks and service marks on the
Principal Register of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”):



Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
