option, whether of the same, similar or different nature, with other Sonic Restaurants; the existence
of franchise or license agreements for other Sonic Restaurants which contain provisions different
from those contained in this Agreement; or Sonic’s acceptance of any payments due from
Franchisee after any breach of this Agreement.

         20.04 Interpretation. The recitals are a part of this Agreement. Section and Subsection
captions are used only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement
or as a limitation of the scope of the particular Sections and Subsections to which they
refer. Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall include any other gender, and words in
the singular shall include the plural where the context requires. The words “include,” “including,”
and words of similar import shall be interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the
terms following such words shall be interpreted as examples of, and not an exhaustive list of, the
appropriate subject matter. If more than one Person is Franchisee hereunder, each Person’s
liability shall be joint and several. Sonic’s and Franchisee’s rights under this Agreement are
cumulative, and their exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will
not preclude their exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy under this Agreement
which they are entitled by law to enforce.

        20.05 Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each
Section, Subsection, paragraph, term and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any
reason, any part is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present or
future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued by any court, agency or arbitrator
with competent jurisdiction, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any
other portions of this Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the
parties. If any covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of
its scope in terms of area, business activity prohibited, and/or length of time, but would be
enforceable if modified, Franchisee and Sonic agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction whose law
determines the covenant’s validity. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction
requires more notice than this Agreement requires of termination or of Sonic’s refusal to enter into
a renewal franchise agreement, or if, under any applicable and binding law or rule of any
jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any aspect of the Sonic System is invalid,
unenforceable or unlawful, the notice and/or other action required by the law or rule will be
substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement, and Sonic may modify the invalid or
unenforceable provision or aspect of the Sonic System to the extent required to be valid and
enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its entirety. Franchisee agrees to be bound by any
promise or covenant imposing the maximum duty the law permits which is subsumed within any
provision of this Agreement, as though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this
Agreement.

        20.06 Applying and Withholding Payments. Despite any designation Franchisee makes,
Sonic may apply any of Franchisee’s payments to any of Franchisee’s past due indebtedness to
Sonic (or its Affiliates). Sonic may set-off any amounts Franchisee or its Owners owe Sonic or its
Affiliates against any amounts Sonic or its Affiliates might owe Franchisee or its Owners, whether
in connection with this Agreement or otherwise. Franchisee may not withhold payment of any


                                                 42
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
