                            SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Deferred tax assets and liabilities were recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities were measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences were expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax
rates was recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

The threshold for recognizing the financial statement effects of a tax position was when it is more likely than not, based on
the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. Recognized tax positions
were initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon
ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were included in
income tax expense.

The Company is a single-member limited liability company which has not elected to be taxed as an association, and
consequently, is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of
the Parent. Beginning in 2023, Inspire elected not to allocate tax expense to the Company except for amounts related to a
subsidiary of the Company that was regarded by tax authorities. As a result of the change in tax status of this subsidiary as
of December 31, 2023, no deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements for
the Company.

Debt Issuance Costs

Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related "Long-term debt, net" and are amortized as interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective
interest method.

Contributions from and Distributions to Parent

Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid.

The Company presents contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the accompanying consolidated
statements of equity. Prior to the Company’s conversion from a corporation into a limited liability company, the net
distributions in a year were first recorded to "Retained earnings", if any, until the cumulative retained earnings balance was
reduced to zero. Any remaining distributions in a year were then recorded to "Additional paid-in capital," if any, until the
cumulative “Additional paid-in capital” balance was reduced to zero, and were then subsequently recorded to "Accumulated
deficit." The net contributions in a year were recorded to "Additional paid-in capital." The Company presents contributions
from and distributions to Parent on a net basis as a financing activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Leases

The Company evaluates the contracts it enters into to determine whether such contracts contain leases. A contract contains a
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. At commencement, contracts containing a lease are further evaluated for classification as an operating or
finance lease where the Company is a lessee, or as an operating, sales-type or direct financing lease where the Company is a
lessor or sublessor, based on their terms.

For operating leases, minimum lease receipts, including minimum scheduled rent increases, are recognized as income where
the Company is a lessor on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease terms. Certain leases contain provisions, referred to
as "Contingent rent", that require additional rental payments based upon restaurant sales volume. Contingent rent is
recognized each period as the income is earned.

Management makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding each new lease and sublease agreement, renewal and
amendment, including, but not limited to, property values, market rents, property lives, discount rates and probable term, all
of which can impact the classification of and accounting for the Company's leases. The amount of depreciation and
amortization, interest and rent expense and income reported would vary if different estimates and assumptions were used.




                                                            10
