               communicate updates to employees in a timely manner. (Section 6.02 of the Franchise
               Agreement)

         2. Maintain and administer the marketing fund for the Sonic Restaurant network (the
            “System Marketing Fund” or “SMF”). (Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement.) We
            describe the SMF and its operations below.

         3. Maintain and administer a brand fund for the Sonic Restaurant network (the “Sonic Brand
            Fund” or “SBF”). (Section 12.03 of the Franchise Agreement.) We describe the SBF and
            its operations below.

         4. Maintain and administer a technology fund for the Sonic Restaurant network (the “Brand
            Technology Fund” or “BTF”). (Section 12.07 of the Franchise Agreement.) We describe
            the BTF and its operations below.

         5. Advise and consult with you relating to the operation of the Restaurant, including
            advertising materials and new developments, techniques, and improvements in areas of
            restaurant equipment, management, food preparation, and service relating to the operation
            of a Sonic Restaurant. (Section 6.03 of the Franchise Agreement)

         6. For any significant changes in the programs or policies impacting all or substantially all
            Sonic Restaurants concerning training, the Sonic system, the Operations Manual, the
            SMF, the SBF or the BTF, including determining the designated beverage supplier or
            advertising agency of record for the Sonic Restaurant network, solicit input and advice
            from a group of franchisees gathered together for that purpose (whether established
            ongoing for that purpose or gathered on an ad hoc basis). We will use commercially
            reasonable efforts to ensure that the groups are balanced in terms of their representation
            of Sonic Restaurants as a whole. This obligation applies only if the franchise agreements
            in effect for at least one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain this provision or a
            substantially similar provision. (Section 21.01 of the Franchise Agreement)

         7. If you sign the Development Agreement, issue a Sonic Franchise Agreement after we
            accept a proposed site for a Sonic Restaurant. You or your approved Controlled Affiliate
            must sign a separate Sonic Franchise Agreement to develop each Sonic Restaurant before
            buying or signing a lease or sublease for that site or beginning construction work at the
            accepted site. However, we need not issue a Franchise Agreement if you (or your
            proposed Controlled Affiliate) do not then meet our then current financial and operational
            standards and qualifications for new Sonic Restaurants. We may periodically modify the
            then current form of Franchise Agreement, and it may be different than the current form
            of Franchise Agreement, including different fees and obligations, except that the initial
            franchise fee will be $15,000 and the royalty will be the standard tiered royalty rate reflect
            in Item 6. (Sections 6.02 and 6.03 of the Development Agreement)

        Except as described above, we have no obligation to provide you with assistance in (1)
developing products or services you will offer to your customers; (2) hiring and training your
employees; (3) improving and developing the franchised business; (4) establishing pricing; (5)
establishing and using administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control procedures; or
(6) resolving operating problems you may encounter.

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
