                 (a)    The SMF shall be administered by Sonic. On or before the tenth (10th) day
         of each calendar month, Franchisee shall pay to the SMF an amount equal to two and three
         quarters percent (2.75%) of Gross Sales of the Restaurant during the previous calendar
         month (or such higher amount as Sonic may periodically prescribe), subject to Section
         12.01 above.

                 (b)    Sonic shall direct all marketing programs with sole discretion over the
         creative concepts, materials, and media used in such programs. Franchisee acknowledges
         that Sonic and its designees undertake no obligation in administering the SMF to make
         expenditures for or which impact Franchisee or the Restaurant which are equivalent or
         proportionate to Franchisee’s contribution.

                  (c)     The SMF is intended to complement local marketing efforts by promoting
         the message of the Sonic brand to an expanded audience. The SMF and all earnings thereof
         shall be used primarily to purchase national broadcast, print, interactive, and other media
         (such as digital media platforms and dynamic content optimization), sponsorships, and brand
         enhancement opportunities. The SMF and its earnings shall not inure to the benefit of Sonic,
         although for the avoidance of doubt this does not prohibit the SMF from paying the actual
         costs that Sonic and its Affiliates may incur (including actual employment-related costs) in
         the development or implementation of programs and materials consistent with the SMF’s
         purposes under this Section 12.02 for the benefit of franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant
         network. The SMF is not an asset of Sonic, and an independent certified public accountant
         designated by Sonic shall review the operation of the SMF annually, and the report shall
         be made available to Franchisee upon request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the body
         approved and designated by Sonic as the body to consult with regarding Sonic’s
         maintenance and administration of the SMF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council
         Executive Committee or its successor) may designate the independent public accountant to
         conduct the required review of the operation of the SMF if requested in writing at least
         thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each fiscal year.

                (d)      Although Sonic intends the SMF to be of perpetual duration, Sonic
         maintains the right to terminate the SMF. The SMF shall not be terminated, however, until
         all monies in the SMF have been expended for marketing and promotional purposes in
         accordance with this Section 12.02.

                 (e)    On at least a quarterly basis, Sonic shall consult with the body approved and
         designated by Sonic (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
         successor) regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the SMF and shall report
         to that body on the SMF’s operation.

       12.03 Sonic Brand Fund. Sonic or its designee shall maintain and administer a fund for
the Sonic System titled the Sonic Brand Fund (the “SBF”) (formerly known as the Sonic
Advertising Fund) in accordance with this Section 12.03.

                (a)     On or before the tenth (10th) day of each month, Franchisee shall pay to the
         SBF a brand contribution fee in an amount equal to nine-tenths of one percent (0.90%) of
         the Gross Sales of the Restaurant during the previous calendar month.
                                                 23
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
