Franchisee. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee also agrees to retain and utilize exclusively
the marketing and advertising services of the Sonic-approved advertising agency of record. In
addition, Franchisee immediately shall use Franchisee’s vote or votes in all advertising
cooperatives in which Franchisee participates to support the use of the then current advertising
agency of record for the Sonic Restaurant network.

        8.04 Compliance with Sonic Operations Manual. Franchisee agrees promptly to adopt,
use and comply with the formulas, methods, standards, policies and other provisions contained in
the Sonic Operations Manual, now and as they may be modified by Sonic from time to time.
Franchisee may not at any time, in any manner, directly or indirectly, and whether or not
intentionally, copy any part of the Sonic Operations Manual, permit any part of it to be copied,
disclose any part of it except to employees or others having a need to know its contents for purposes
of operating the Restaurant, or permit its removal from the Restaurant without prior written consent
from Sonic. At Sonic’s option, Sonic may post the Sonic Operations Manual and other
communications on a restricted Intranet or other website to which Franchisee will have access. If
Sonic does so, Franchisee must periodically monitor the site for any updates to the Sonic
Operations Manual or other standards, specifications, and procedures. Any passwords or other
digital identification necessary to access the Sonic Operations Manual and other information on
such a site will be deemed to be part of the Confidential Information.

        8.05 Franchisee’s Employees. Sonic and Franchisee agree that any materials, guidance
or assistance that Sonic provides with respect to the terms and conditions of employment for
Franchisee’s employees, employee hiring, firing and discipline, and similar employment-related
policies or procedures, whether in the Sonic Operations Manual or otherwise, are solely for
Franchisee’s optional use. Those materials, guidance and assistance do not form part of the
mandatory Sonic System. Franchisee will determine to what extent, if any, these materials,
guidance or assistance should apply to the Restaurant’s employees. Franchisee acknowledges that
Sonic does not dictate or control labor or employment matters for franchisees and their employees
and will not be responsible for the safety and security of Restaurant employees or patrons.
Franchisee is solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of employment for all
Restaurant employees, for all decisions concerning the hiring, firing and discipline of Restaurant
employees, and for all other aspects of the Restaurant’s labor relations and employment practices.

        8.06 Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit its rights in this
Agreement by personally devoting its best efforts to the operation of the Restaurant. Franchisee
shall avoid any activities which, in Sonic’s sole judgment, would be detrimental to or interfere
with the business of the Restaurant, the Sonic Restaurant network, or Sonic.

        8.07 Remodeling. During the Term, Sonic may require Franchisee to undertake
extensive remodeling and renovation and substantial modifications to existing buildings necessary
for the Restaurant to conform with Sonic’s then-existing system image. Sonic may exercise the
foregoing right at any time during the Term, but may not require (a) the remodeling of the
Restaurant more than once every seven (7) years or (b) the remodeling of a restaurant built within
the preceding three (3) years, unless the required remodeling will not exceed fifteen percent (15%)
of the original cost of the building, equipment, and land improvements for the Restaurant (as
adjusted for increases in the consumer price index after the construction date of the Restaurant).

                                                 17
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
