with the development and operation of the franchisees first through tenth Franchise Agreement.]
If (a) you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an
affiliate that signed, a development agreement or franchise agreement (except the DA and any
franchise agreement signed under the DA) with us and who qualifies and signs a Franchise
Agreement to develop one Sonic Restaurant, (b) when you open the Restaurant, you and your
affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement
between us and you or your affiliates, including the DA, (c) you open and begin operating the
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (including, but not limited to, Section
3.03, 3.04, and 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement) on or before the required opening deadline
identified in Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement, (d) you provide to us a report, in the format
and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spent
in various categories relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant in compliance with
Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement, and (e) you build the Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance with Sections 3.01 and 3.03 of
the Franchise Agreement, then we agree to in addition to the above provisions, we agree to credit
an amount equal to $10,000 towards the royalty fees owed under the Franchise Agreement. If you
fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (e) above, the VetFran incentive program
described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.

         7.     Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this
reference. This Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Franchise Agreement. If
there is an inconsistency between this Amendment and the Franchise Agreement, the terms of this
Amendment shall control. This Amendment, together with the Franchise Agreement, constitutes
the entire agreement among the Parties hereto, and there are no other oral or written
representations, understandings or agreements among them, relating to the subject matter of this
Amendment. Except as specifically provided in this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and
provisions of the Franchise Agreement will remain in full force and effect as originally written and
signed.

                                           [signature page to follow]




                                                       5
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-3
Incentive Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1616246394.5
