and option, exercisable by delivering written notice to Franchisee within thirty (30) days after the
effective date of expiration or termination, to purchase from Franchisee all of Franchisee’s right,
title and interest in and to all or any patented or proprietary equipment, menu housings, signs,
menus, and supplies associated with the Restaurant (including any items bearing any Proprietary
Mark) (collectively, the “Proprietary Assets”), free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.
The purchase price for the Proprietary Assets will be their fair market value (but shall not include
any value for the goodwill attributable to the Proprietary Marks, Sonic’s brand image or Sonic’s
other intellectual property rights), and if Sonic and Franchisee cannot agree to the purchase price
within fifteen (15) days after Sonic’s delivery of its exercise notice, it shall be determined in
accordance with Section 16.03(d) below. The closing of the acquisition under this Section 16.02
shall be within ten (10) days after the purchase price for the Proprietary Assets is determined.
Sonic may set off against the purchase price, and reduce the purchase price by, any and all amounts
Franchisee owes Sonic or its Affiliates and any amounts owes to Franchisee’s creditors with
respect to the Proprietary Assets. Sonic may assign its option under this Section 16.02 to any
Person (who may be Sonic’s Affiliate), and that Person will have all of the rights and obligations
under this Section 16.02.

         16.03 Sonic’s Option to Purchase Restaurant Assets.

                 (a)     Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Sonic has the option,
         exercisable by giving Franchisee written notice within thirty (30) days after the date of
         termination or expiration (the “Exercise Notice”), to purchase the furniture, fixtures,
         equipment and other assets used in the operation of the Restaurant that Sonic designates
         (the “Restaurant Assets”). Sonic has the unrestricted right to exclude any assets it specifies
         relating to the Restaurant from the Restaurant Assets and not acquire them. Franchisee
         agrees to provide Sonic the financial statements and other information Sonic reasonably
         requires, and to allow Sonic to inspect the Restaurant and its assets, to determine whether
         to exercise Sonic’s option under this Section 16.03. If Franchisee or one of its Affiliates
         owns the Restaurant’s premises, Sonic may elect to include a fee simple interest in the
         premises as part of the Restaurant Assets or, at Sonic’s option, lease the premises from
         Franchisee or that Affiliate for an initial five (5)-year term with three (3) renewal terms of
         five (5) years (at Sonic’s option) on commercially reasonable terms. Franchisee (and its
         Owners) agree to cause Franchisee’s Affiliate to comply with these requirements. If
         Franchisee leases the Restaurant’s premises from an unaffiliated lessor, Franchisee agrees
         (at Sonic’s option) to assign the lease to Sonic or to enter into a sublease for the remainder
         of the lease term on the same terms (including renewal options) as the lease.

                 (b)     While Sonic is deciding whether to exercise its option under this Section
         16.03, and, if Sonic does exercise that option, during the period beginning with its delivery
         of the Exercise Notice and continuing through the closing of the purchase, then at Sonic’s
         option and at Sonic’s direction, Franchisee must continue to operate the Restaurant
         according to this Agreement and all aspects of the Sonic System. However, Sonic may, at
         any time during that period, enter the Restaurant’s premises and assume the management
         of the Restaurant itself or appoint a third party (who may be Sonic’s Affiliate) to manage
         the Restaurant. All funds from the operation of the Restaurant while Sonic or its appointee
         assumes the Restaurant’s management will be kept in a separate account, and all of the
                                                  35
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
