5.     DEVELOPMENT FEE. As consideration for the rights granted in this Agreement, you
must pay us a “Development Fee” listed on Exhibit A, which is Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000)
multiplied by the number of Developer Restaurants to be developed under this Agreement. The
Development Fee is consideration for this Agreement and not consideration for any Sonic
Franchise Agreement, is fully earned by Sonic upon execution of this Agreement and is non-
refundable. The Development Fee is credited against the Initial Franchise Fee (defined below)
payable upon the signing of each individual Sonic Franchise Agreement as specified in Section
6.03.

6.       SITE SELECTION AND SIGNING SONIC FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS.

        6.01 Site Selection. Sonic shall provide Developer the Site Acceptance Form, site
selection criteria and other related materials that Sonic periodically makes available to developers
of Sonic Restaurants. Developer must comply with Sonic’s development policies, as Sonic
periodically modifies them, with respect to each proposed site for a Sonic Restaurant to be
developed in the Development Area and each Sonic Franchise Agreement to be signed for a
Developer Restaurant in the Development Area. Developer agrees to submit for evaluation by
Sonic, pursuant to Sonic’s then current site selection criteria, a complete site report and related
information that Sonic then requires for each proposed site for a Developer Restaurant. Sonic will
either accept or reject that proposed site based on Sonic’s then current site selection policies and
procedures. If Sonic does not accept or reject a proposed site submitted in writing by Developer
within thirty (30) days after receipt of the site selection report and all other information that Sonic
requests concerning the site, then that site is deemed rejected by Sonic. Despite any assistance,
information or recommendations that Sonic provided or provides with respect to any proposed site,
Sonic has made and will make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, of
the suitability of the site for a Sonic Restaurant or any other purpose. Sonic’s recommendation or
acceptance indicates only that Sonic believes that the site meets or has the potential to meet, or
that Sonic has waived, its then current general criteria of site acceptability. Applying criteria that
have appeared effective for other sites might not accurately reflect the potential for all sites, and,
after Sonic recommends or accepts a site, demographic and/or other factors included in or excluded
from its site criteria could change, thereby altering a site’s potential. The uncertainty and
instability of these criteria are beyond Sonic’s control, and Sonic is not responsible if any site fails
to meet its or Developer’s expectations.

        6.02 Signing Sonic Franchise Agreements. After Sonic accepts a proposed site for a
Developer Restaurant, then Developer or its approved Controlled Affiliate must sign a separate
Sonic Franchise Agreement to develop that Developer Restaurant. Developer (or its Controlled
Affiliate) must sign a Sonic Franchise Agreement for any accepted site before buying or signing a
lease or sublease for that site or beginning construction work at the accepted site. However, Sonic
need not issue a Sonic Franchise Agreement if Developer (or its proposed Controlled Affiliate)
does not then meet Sonic’s then current financial and operational standards and qualifications for
new Sonic Restaurants. If Developer or its Controlled Affiliate do not open and begin operating
the Developer Restaurant under a signed Sonic Franchise Agreement within the time periods set
forth in the Development Schedule, then Sonic may terminate this Agreement according to Section
9.01. Except for the obligation to open the Developer Restaurants on or before the opening
deadlines in the Development Schedule, after Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) signs the
                                                   6
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-1
Number 25 Development Agreement
1616246401.2
