coneys, hand-made onion rings, tater tots and a full breakfast menu. In addition to great food, a
Traditional Drive-In is known for its variety of indulgent real ice cream treats and specialty fountain
drinks like our signature cherry limeades, famous slushes and our candy mix-in SONIC Blast® treats.
Traditional Drive-Ins are typically open from 6 a.m. to at least 11 p.m. and, unlike most quick-service
restaurant competitors, serve the entire menu all day long. A Traditional Sonic Drive-In typically is
a free-standing, 1-story building with surrounding parking stalls covered by canopies, providing in-
car service for approximately 6 to 12 cars. Most Sonic Drive-Ins also incorporate drive-thru service
and patio seating and some may provide an enclosed patio or indoor seating. The drive-in concept
allows our customers to place their order from their car whenever they are ready by pressing our well-
known red button. A switchboard operator receives the order through a speaker system and a carhop,
sometimes on roller skates, delivers the customers’ food right to their cars. Customers can also order
from the counter at locations with indoor seating.

        A “Drive-Thru Only Location” is any permanent Sonic Restaurant facility (other than a Non-
Drive-In Location or Non-Traditional Location) that is a free-standing building devoted solely to
operating the Sonic Restaurant from a drive-thru only facility and does not have drive-in, drive-up,
dine-in, or carry out capabilities (except for any orders through the Sonic® mobile ordering app or
third party delivery apps).

        A “Non-Drive-In Location” is any permanent or temporary Sonic Restaurant facility (other
than a Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-standing building with canopies devoted solely to
the Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability accessible to the general public by automobile from
public thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations include Drive-Thru Only Locations, convenience
stores (“C-Stores”), gas filling stations and travel plazas. “Traditional Restaurants” means Traditional
Drive-In locations, Drive-Thru Only Locations, and Non-Drive-In Locations and specifically
excludes Non-Traditional Locations.

        A “Non-Traditional Location” is any permanent or temporary food service facility that
operates (1) under one or more of the Proprietary Marks and all or part of the Sonic system, and (2)
at locations that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted access to the general public by automobile
from public thoroughfares. Non-Traditional Locations include (a) military bases and other
governmental facilities; (b) universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train
stations, toll plazas, and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d)
stadiums, arenas, theaters, and other sports and entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme
parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts, and other
foodservice locations within shopping centers, shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses,
industrial buildings, and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels,
casinos, and convention centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities, and other medical facilities; and (i)
reservations and other sovereign territories. If you operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Non-Traditional
Location, then we and you will sign the Non-Traditional Rider to Franchise Agreement (the “Non-
Trad Rider”), attached as Exhibit B-2, together with the Franchise Agreement. The Non-Trad Rider
modifies certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement to address the differences of operating the
Sonic Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location.

        We also offer the right to develop and open 2 or more Sonic Restaurants under our Number
25 Development Agreement (“Development Agreement” or “DA”), attached as Exhibit C-1. Under
the Development Agreement you or your Controlled Affiliate (defined below) will have the right and
obligation to develop a specified number of Sonic Restaurants within a defined geographic area (the
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
