Laws, Rules, and Regulations

        You will have to comply with all federal, state and local laws, including minimum wage laws,
health and sanitation laws, marketing and anti-solicitation practices (including the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act, CAN-SPAM Act, the Telemarketing Sales Rule), and other laws such as
menu labeling laws that apply to restaurants in general. You also will have to comply with all other
federal, state and local laws and regulations that apply generally to all businesses. We encourage you
to make additional inquiries into those laws and regulations and obtain the assistance of legal counsel.

Our Parents and Certain Sonic Affiliates

        Unless otherwise noted, the principal business address of our parents and affiliates is Three
Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We have no predecessors that are required to be
disclosed in this Item 1. In a merger effective December 7, 2018, an affiliate of Inspire Brands, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (“Inspire Brands”), became our indirect parent (the “2018 Merger”). Another
parent is SIS. SRI Operating Company, an Oklahoma corporation (“SRI”) and one of our affiliates,
owns and operates certain Sonic Drive-Ins. SRI has operated Sonic Drive-Ins since it acquired them
from an affiliate in December 2018 as part of the 2018 Merger.

        SIS offered franchises for Sonic Restaurants from 1974 until May 20, 2011. On May 20,
2011, Sonic and certain affiliates refinanced debt from a 2006 securitization transaction with a new
securitized debt facility (the “2011 Securitization”). As part of this transaction, we were formed to
grant new Sonic Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements beginning May 20, 2011.
Another affiliate, America’s Drive-In Brand Properties LLC, a Kansas limited liability company
(“ADIBP”), owns all Sonic trademarks and intellectual property relating to the operation of Sonic
Drive-Ins (the “Franchise IP”). ADIBP has licensed the Franchise IP to us for our use in exercising
our rights as the franchisor of all new Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements. Except
as otherwise noted, neither Inspire Brands, SIS, SRI or ADIBP has ever offered franchises in any line
of business nor operated any Sonic Restaurants.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs

       Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant company, launched upon completion of the
merger between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a parent of the Buffalo Wild Wings brand in
February 2018. Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our affiliates who own and administer
the network of franchised and company-owned restaurants operating under the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild
Wings, Buffalo Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands. Unless
otherwise stated, all Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries share our principal business address. Except as
described below, none of Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries have ever operated or offered franchises for
Sonic Restaurants or offered franchises in any other line of business.

                 Arby’s Franchisor, LLC (“Arby’s Franchisor”) is the franchisor of Arby’s restaurants
         in the United States and certain countries internationally. Arby’s Restaurants offer a variety
         of high-quality proteins and sides, including slow-roasted, freshly-sliced roast beef, curly fries
         and shakes. Arby’s Franchisor has offered franchises for Arby’s restaurants since December
         2015, but its predecessors have been franchising Arby’s restaurants since 1965. Predecessors
         and former affiliates of Arby’s Franchisor have, in the past, offered franchises for other
         restaurant concepts including T.J. Cinnamon’s® stores that served gourmet baked goods. All

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
