substantially all of the assets of the Controlled Affiliate and otherwise to direct and control the
Controlled Affiliate’s management and policies without the vote or consent of any other Person.

       1.04 Non-Drive-In Location. “Non-Drive-In Location” means any permanent or
temporary Sonic Restaurant facility (other than a Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-
standing building with canopies devoted solely to the Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability
accessible to the general public by automobile from public thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations
include convenience stores, gas stations and travel plazas.

         1.05 Non-Traditional Locations. “Non-Traditional Locations” means any permanent or
temporary food service facilities that operate (1) under one or more of the Proprietary Marks and
all or part of the Sonic System, and (2) at locations that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted
access to the general public by automobile from public thoroughfares. Non-Traditional Locations
include (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b) universities, schools and other
education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas and other public or restricted-access
transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and
entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public
facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers,
shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores,
grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals,
nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign territories.

        1.06 Person. “Person” means any individual or business entity, including a corporation,
joint venture, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, or trust.

        1.07 Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary Marks” means the distinctive and characteristic
trade names, trademarks, service marks, emblems and trade dress that Sonic designates in the Sonic
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing or through usage from time to time and periodically
prescribes for use with Sonic Restaurants, as well as other elements of trade dress that Sonic
periodically designates for use in the Sonic System, such as signs, menu housings, designs and
design elements (including angled parking stalls equipped with menu housings, speakers, and tray
supports), color schemes, exterior style, canopies, interior furnishings, and equipment layout.

       1.08 Owner. “Owner” means any Person holding a direct or indirect Ownership Interest
(whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) in Developer.

         1.09 Ownership Interest. “Ownership Interest” means (a) in relation to a corporation,
shares of capital stock (whether common stock, preferred stock or any other designation) or other
equity interests; (b) in relation to a limited liability company, membership interests or other equity
interests; (c) in relation to a partnership, a general or limited partnership interest; (d) in relation to
a trust, a beneficial interest in the trust; and (e) in relation to any entity (including those described
in (a) through (d) above), any other interest in that entity or its business that allows the holder of
that interest (whether directly or indirectly) to direct or control the direction of the management of
the entity or its business (including a managing partner interest in a partnership, a manager or
managing member interest in a limited liability company, and a trustee of a trust), or to share in
the revenue, profits or losses of, or any capital appreciation relating to, Developer or its business.
                                                    2
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-1
Number 25 Development Agreement
1616246401.2
