identifying the amounts that you spent in various categories relating to the relocation,
development, and opening of the Relocated Restaurant within one hundred twenty (120) days of
project completion, and (d) you build the Relocated Restaurant in the design, to the specifications,
and at the location approved by us in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, then (x) we hereby
waive any initial franchise fee or other fee related to the relocation of the Restaurant, and (y) the
royalty will be amended as set forth below:

                          Duration of Effective Royalty Fee             Effective Royalty Fee

                               Opening through Year 1                             1%
                                       Year 2                                     2%
                                       Year 3                                     3%
                         Year 4 through remainder of the term                     5%

If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Relocation Incentive
program described in this Section will not apply to the Relocated Restaurant.

         4.      Pioneer Incentive Program. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment
is being sign in connection with the first person developing two or more restaurants in District of
Columbia, Maine, New Hampshire, or Vermont, and this Amendment is amending the first or
second Franchise Agreement signed in connection with the DA] Under our “Pioneer Incentive”
program, if (a) when you open the Restaurant, you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance
with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates,
including the DA, (b) you open and begin operating the Restaurant within the District of Columbia,
Maine, New Hampshire, or Vermont in accordance with the Franchise Agreement on or before the
required opening deadline identified in Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement, (c) you provide
to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying
the amounts that you spent in various categories relating to the development and opening of the
Restaurant in compliance with Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement, and (d) you build the
Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance
with Sections 3.01 and 3.03 of the Franchise Agreement, then we agree to credit an amount equal
to $50,000 towards the royalty fees owed under the Franchise Agreement. If you fail to satisfy any
of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Pioneer Incentive program described in this
Section will not apply to the Restaurant.

         5.     Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the NRO incentive
program set forth above and you open and begin operating the Restaurant in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement before the Opening Deadline, then the royalty fee will be zero percent (0%)
from the date you open the Restaurant until the Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12)
months), then the applicable royalty rate shall apply. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions
listed in (i) through (iv) above, the Early Opening Incentive program will not apply to the
Restaurant.

         6.   VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its
owner(s) qualify for the VetFran Incentive, and this Franchise Agreement is signed in connection

                                                   4
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-3
Incentive Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1616246394.5
