         Certification Training for Initial Restaurants

        For your (or your affiliate’s) first 3 Sonic Restaurants, as part of the pre-opening training, you
will send at least 1 General Manger, 1-3 Assistant Managers, and 1-3 Shift Managers from your
Restaurant (however we may make allowances for the number of people to attend based on the size
and expected volume of the Restaurant) (the “Franchisee Certified Training Team”) to another
certified Sonic Restaurant that we approve (which may be a Company Drive-In or a Franchise Drive-
In) for additional certification training. This certification training typically lasts about 5 weeks and
covers a variety of on-the-job training topics, including restaurant set-up, restaurant crew station
training and guest experience. There are no specific subjects or durations for the certification training,
and there are no requirements to complete training to our satisfaction. We do not charge any tuition
for the certification training, but you must pay the salaries, travel, and living expenses for all persons
who attend training and for any required training materials. The Franchisee Certified Training Team
must complete certification training at least 7 days before opening the Restaurant. The Franchisee
Certified Training Team is then responsible for training your Restaurant’s entire team during the
Restaurant’s pre-opening and opening.

         Food Safety and Quality Assurance

        Upon opening your Restaurant, each of the Restaurant’s personnel who has shift responsibility
or employee oversight responsibility at the Restaurant (collectively, the “Management Personnel”)
must be certified in ServSafe® or in another comparable, nationally-recognized food safety training
and certification program we approve. You must pay any third-party training fees and the salaries,
travel, and living expenses for all persons who attend training. Subsequent Management Personnel
must successfully complete this training within 120 days after beginning employment. All ServSafe
certifications must be current within 4 years.

        To assist with the consistent delivery of safe and high-quality food, as part of our ongoing
training, we require all Sonic Drive-In employees to satisfactorily complete our comprehensive,
restaurant-based food safety program that promotes the quality and safety of all products and
procedures that Sonic Drive-Ins use and provides certain requirements for suppliers, distributors, and
Sonic Drive-Ins (the “Sonic Safe Training Program”). Sonic Safe Training Program is a risk-based
system that utilizes Hazard Analysis & Critical Control Points principles for managing food safety
and quality. The Sonic Safe Training Program includes components to monitor and ensure the safety
and quality of a Sonic Restaurant’s products and procedures at every stage of the food preparation
and production cycle, including employee training, supplier product inspections and testing and
unannounced drive-in food safety audits. All Sonic Drive-In employees must complete the Sonic
Safe Training Program to our satisfaction in their first stage of training.

         The following table summarizes the ServSafe training:

                          Hours of       Hours of
                         Classroom      On-the-Job
      Subject             Training       Training                            Location
 ServSafe®                   8              0             Conducted by certified third parties and
                                                          available at locations throughout the U.S.



Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
