        1.16 Principal. “Principal” means the individual who shall, at all times during the term
of this Agreement: (a) own (directly or indirectly) more than fifty percent (50%) of the Ownership
Interests in Franchisee; (b) have the authority under Franchisee’s Organizational Documents
(defined below) to authorize a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of substantially all of the
assets of Franchisee and otherwise to direct and control Franchisee’s management and policies
without the vote or consent of any other Person; and (c) devote sufficient time and attention to the
promotion and operation of the Restaurant.

        1.17 Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary Marks” means the distinctive and characteristic
trade names, trademarks, service marks, emblems and trade dress that Sonic designates in the Sonic
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing or through usage from time to time and periodically
prescribes for use with Sonic Restaurants, as well as other elements of trade dress that Sonic
periodically designates for use in the Sonic System, such as signs, menu housings, designs and
design elements (including angled parking stalls equipped with menu housings, speakers, and tray
supports), color schemes, exterior style, canopies, interior furnishings, and equipment layout.

        1.18 Restaurant. “Restaurant” means the Sonic Restaurant licensed by this Agreement
that Franchisee will operate pursuant to this Agreement.

        1.19 Sonic System. “Sonic System” means the Sonic Restaurant franchise system, as
Sonic may periodically modify it, which now includes, among other things, the following
elements, all or some of which may be deleted, changed, improved, or further developed by Sonic
from time to time: (a) Proprietary Marks; (b) proprietary and Confidential Information, including
information in the Sonic Operations Manual; (c) methods and procedures for the preparation of
food and beverage products; (d) confidential recipes for food and beverage products; (e) distinctive
service accessories, including uniforms, menus, packages, containers, and additional paper or
plastic items; (f) plans and specifications for distinctive standardized premises, including exterior
style, color scheme, designs, layouts, interior furnishings and signage (whether copyrighted or
not); (g) methods, techniques, formats, systems, specifications, procedures, information, trade
secrets, and sales and marketing programs; (h) methods of business operations and management;
(i) marketing techniques and materials; (j) knowledge and experience regarding the operation and
franchising of Sonic Restaurants; and (k) payment methods, including the pay-at-your-stall
payment system (“PAYS”).

2.       FRANCHISE GRANT AND BUSINESS ENTITY FRANCHISEE.

       2.01 Grant of Franchise. Sonic grants to Franchisee the right, license, and privilege, and
Franchisee assumes the obligation, to adopt and use the Sonic System to develop and operate a
Sonic Restaurant at the Site (defined below) during the Term (defined below).

         2.02 Business Entity Franchisee. If Franchisee is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other business entity, Franchisee shall comply with the following provisions:

                 (a)    Restaurant Ownership and Operation. Only Franchisee is authorized to
         operate the Restaurant, and Franchisee agrees that Franchisee shall be the tenant under any
         lease for the Restaurant and shall own or lease all operating assets of the Restaurant. The

                                                  4
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
