                                ITEM 1
      THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

        To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “Sonic,” “we,” “us” or “our” means
Sonic Franchising LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the franchisor. “You” means the
individual or business entity to whom we grant a franchise. If you are a corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or other entity, your owners who own a direct or indirect ownership interest of
10% or more in you must sign a Personal Guaranty, which means that all of the provisions of the
Number 25 Area Development Agreement (Exhibit C-1) and Number 25 Franchise Agreement (Exhibit
B-1) also will apply to them individually.

The Franchisor

        We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 23, 2011. Our principal
business address is Three Glenlake Pkwy NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We do business under the
brand names “Sonic,” “Sonic Drive-In” and “Sonic, America’s Drive-In,” among others. The Sonic
brand began in the early 1950s, and we, though our predecessors, have offered Sonic franchises since
1974. As of December 29, 2024, there were 3,461 Sonic Drive-Ins operating in the United States
(3,144 franchised and 317 company-owned). Except as noted in this Item, we do not offer, and have
never offered, franchises in any other line of business. If we have an agent for service of process in
your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.

         Sonic Industries Services LLC (“SIS”) is an Oklahoma limited liability company with the
same principal business address as us. SIS was originally formed as an Oklahoma corporation and was
named Sonic Industries Services Inc., and on December 31, 2022 converted to an Oklahoma limited
liability company and changed its name to Sonic Industries Services LLC. Under a management
agreement between SIS and us, SIS performs our obligations under the Franchise Agreements and
Development Agreements. SIS also acts as our franchise sales agent. If SIS fails to perform its
obligations under the management agreement, then we may replace SIS as the franchise manager. As
the franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all of our obligations
under your Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement are performed in compliance with the
respective agreements, regardless of whether we, SIS, or another third-party performs those services
on our behalf.

The Sonic Franchise Opportunity

       We grant franchises for restaurants that feature drive-in restaurant food and drinks and related
items that operate under our Proprietary Marks (defined below) and our Sonic system, all of which
we may change periodically (“Sonic Restaurants” or “Sonic Drive-Ins”). We offer franchises to
operate a Sonic Restaurant at either a Traditional Drive-In location, a Non-Drive-In Location, or at a
Non-Traditional Location, each as defined below, under Sonic’s Number 25 Franchise Agreement
(“Franchise Agreement” or “FA”), attached as Exhibit B-1. We call the Sonic Restaurant that you
will operate under the Franchise Agreement your “Restaurant” or your “Drive-In”, even if your
Restaurant operates from a Non-Drive-In Location or a Non-Traditional Location.

        A “Traditional Drive-In” is a Sonic Restaurant that features a wide array of classic drive-in
favorites like made-to-order cheeseburgers, chicken options ranging from sandwiches to boneless
wings, a variety of hot dogs including the 6-inch premium beef hot dogs and footlong quarter-pound

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
