        Alcoa Community Federal Credit Union v. Sonic Corp., Sonic Industries Services Inc., Sonic
Capital LLC, Sonic Franchising LLC, Sonic Industries LLC, Sonic Restaurants, Inc. (U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Case No. 1:19-sb-55000 (Previous Case No. 4:18-cv-00770-
BSM)). On October 16, 2018, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas,
plaintiffs filed a consolidated financial institution class action arising out of the data breach incident
made public on September 26, 2017. The plaintiffs alleged they suffered property damage and
financial losses because we implemented inadequate measures to protect financial institutions’
payment card data from being stolen. The plaintiffs sought monetary damages, injunctive and
declaratory relief and attorneys’ fees and costs. On June 5, 2019, the case was consolidated with a
nearly identical lawsuit and transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
On November 13, 2020, the court granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. On April 25, 2022,
the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release whereby defendants agreed to pay up to
$5,730,000 to cover eligible class member claims, attorneys’ fees, and costs of administration in
exchange for a release of claims against defendants. On October 17, 2022, the court granted the
parties’ motion to approve the settlement.

Franchisor-Initiated Suits to Collect Unpaid Fees

       Sonic Industries LLC and Sonic Franchising LLC v. Let’s Shake LLC, et al. (U.S. District
Court for the Western District of Oklahoma, Case No. CIV-24-474-HE).

Disclosures Regarding Affiliated Programs

        The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with
settlements that involved their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders
or decrees. None of these actions have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct
by us.

        The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior
Court, Los Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019,
our affiliate, Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (“ARG”), entered into a settlement agreement with the
states of California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York,
North Carolina, Oregon and Pennsylvania. The Attorneys General in these states sought information
from ARG on its use of franchise agreement provisions prohibiting the franchisor and franchisees
from soliciting or employing each other’s employees. The states alleged that the use of these
provisions violated the states’ antitrust, unfair competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices,
consumer protection and other state laws. ARG expressly denies these conclusions but decided to
enter into the settlement agreement to avoid litigation with the states. Under the settlement agreement,
ARG paid no money but agreed (a) to remove the disputed provision from its franchise agreements
(which it had already done); (b) not to enforce the disputed provision in existing agreements or to
intervene in any action by the Attorneys General if a franchisee seeks to enforce the provision; (c) to
seek amendments of the existing franchise agreements in the applicable states to remove the disputed
provision from the agreements; and (d) to post a notice and ask franchisees to post a notice to
employees about the disputed provision. The applicable states instituted actions in their courts to
enforce the settlement agreement through Final Judgments and Orders, Assurances of
Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance, and similar methods.


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
