                            SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Definite-lived Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of
intangible assets. The Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. If such reviews indicate
the intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss would be recognized for the excess of the carrying amount
over the fair value of the intangible asset.

The Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying value
exceeds the undiscounted cash flows we expect to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are not deemed to be
recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.

During the years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company determined no impairment was indicated for its intangible and other
definite-lived assets.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.

Franchise fees and royalty revenues

The Company’s franchisees and Affiliates pay royalties based on a percentage of sales. Royalties are recognized as revenue
when they are earned. Franchise Drive-In openings typically occur as a result of existing development agreements. Each
development agreement gives a developer the exclusive right to construct, own and operate Sonic Drive-Ins within a defined
area. In exchange, each developer agrees to open a minimum number of Sonic Drive-Ins in the area within a prescribed time
period. Franchisees who enter into development agreements typically pay a fee, which is credited against the initial
franchise fees due when Sonic Drive-Ins are opened. The initial franchise fees are paid for services provided relating to the
sale of the franchise license. These fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each
respective franchise agreement. Any unamortized portion of the initial franchise fee is presented in the consolidated balance
sheets as "Current portion of deferred revenue" and "Noncurrent deferred revenue."

Rental income

Rental income from real estate the Company owns and leases to others, including rental income from Affiliates, is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective operating lease terms. Rental income for base rentals is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms. The differences between the straight-line rent amounts and amounts
receivable under lease contracts are recorded as deferred rent assets in current or long-term assets, as appropriate. Variable
lease receipts are recognized as earned, and any amounts received from lessees in advance of achieving stipulated thresholds
are deferred until such thresholds are achieved. Deferred variable lease receipts are reported as "Current portion of deferred
revenue" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Income Taxes

The Company is included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Inspire. The Company had
prepared its income tax provision under the pro rata method by recording the Company's relative contribution to the Inspire
consolidated income tax provision. The Company was a party to a formal tax sharing agreement between Inspire and certain
of its subsidiaries (the "Tax Sharing Agreement"). The Company made tax payments directly to certain state governmental
jurisdictions for only itself. Differences between the Company's income tax provision and income taxes pursuant to the
terms of the Company's Tax Sharing Agreement had been recognized as contributions from and distributions to Parent.
Current amounts due to or from Inspire or affiliates were included in "Other current liabilities" or "Prepaid expenses and
other current assets," respectively.




                                                            9
