subject to our prior approval before any work begins on the Restaurant. Before you open your
Restaurant, you must submit to us a record of drawings showing all approved changes to the plans
and specifications. At your option, our affiliates also may provide site and kitchen layout design
services. Our affiliates only offer site layout services for Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

        Before opening or taking possession of the Restaurant, you must acquire and maintain the
forms of insurance with the coverages and amounts that we periodically specify from insurance
companies acceptable to us. You must name us, our owners, and our affiliates as additional insureds
and loss payees under the policies as we specify, and the policies must contain a waiver of subrogation
in favor of us, our owners, and our affiliates regarding your operations of the Restaurant. You must
provide us at least 30 days’ prior notice of cancellation or amendment of the policies. Within 10 days
after we request, you must provide certificates of insurance evidencing that you obtained the required
insurance policies. At least 30 days before a policy expires, you must deliver evidence of continuation
of the required insurance policies. We may require you to increase the insurance coverage amounts
or obtain additional insurance upon 60 days’ written notice, and you must comply no later than the
first policy renewal date after the 60-day period. If you fail to obtain and maintain the required
insurance policies, we may (but are not required to) acquire and administer the required minimum
insurance coverage on your behalf and you must reimburse us for all costs. There currently are no
purchasing or distribution cooperatives in the Sonic Restaurant network, although we negotiate
purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for the benefit of the Sonic Restaurant
network. We do not provide material benefits (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises)
to you based on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers.
Collectively, the purchases and leases that you must make from us or our affiliates, from designated
or approved suppliers, or under our standards and specifications represent about 16% to 25% of your
purchases and leases to establish, and 34% to 50% of your purchases and leases to operate, your
Restaurant.

        Except as described in this Item 8, neither we nor our affiliates are currently an approved
supplier or the only approved supplier of any products or services for your Restaurant. Except as
described in this Item 8, you currently are not required to purchase or lease any goods, services,
supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware or software, real estate or comparable
items related to establishing or operating the franchised business from us, our affiliates, or our
approved suppliers. During the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, suppliers contributed more
than $76,750,000 to the Sonic Drive-In chain based on the purchases and leases of franchisees’ and
our affiliates’ Sonic Restaurants. We allocated these funds as follows:

       $ 42,537,032             Brand Technology Fund
       $ 16,678,647             Sonic Brand Fund
       $ 13,847,538             System Marketing Fund
       $ 3,705,027              Reimbursement of SIS’ cost to sponsor the annual franchisee
                                convention

        We will continue to distribute supplier contributions received as mentioned above. During
2024, with the FAC executive committee’s approval, we contributed $16,708,000 of the rebates from
the BTF to the SBF to better support development and implementation costs for future sales-driving
tools and initiatives such as order-ahead and third party delivery enhancements. Supplier
contributions to the BTF, SBF and the SMF are primarily based on a percentage of the supplier’s
sales to the Sonic Drive-In chain or are flat amounts tied to the volume of certain products sold.
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
