                (3)     the right to establish and operate, and to grant to others the right to establish
         and operate, businesses offering dissimilar products and services, both inside and outside the
         Protected Area, under the Proprietary Marks and on any terms we deem appropriate;

                (4)     the right to establish and operate, and to grant others the right to establish and
         operate, Sonic Restaurants anywhere outside the Protected Area under any terms we deem
         appropriate regardless of the proximity to the Restaurant; and

                 (5)    the right to be acquired (regardless of the form of transaction) by a business
         providing products and services similar to those provided at the Restaurant, or by another
         business, even if that business operates, franchises, and/or licenses competitive businesses in
         the Protected Area.

         Subject to complying with our standards concerning delivery, there are no restrictions on your
soliciting or accepting orders from consumers outside of the Protected Area, but you do not have the
right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other
direct marketing, to make sales within or outside of your Protected Area. We and our affiliates may
use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct
marketing, to make sales within the Protected Area using the Proprietary Marks or other trademarks
without compensating you. Continuation of your territorial rights under the Franchise Agreement
does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency.
The Franchise Agreement does not provide you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
acquire additional franchises within the Protected Area or contiguous areas. We may alter your
Protected Area and modify your territorial rights in the Protected Area based on population changes
as we describe above or if you relocate the Restaurant.

       If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a Sonic Restaurant and one or
more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor(s) may grant you territorial
exclusivity which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise Agreement.

Development Agreement

        If we and you sign a Development Agreement, then we grant to you the right (directly or
through Controlled Affiliates) to develop and sign Franchise Agreements to operate the number of
new Sonic Restaurants identified on the Development Schedule within the Development Area. We
typically determine the geographical boundaries of the Development Area and the Development
Schedule based on demographic evaluations, traffic patterns, residential and commercial
concentrations, physical geographic profiles, viable competition in the market area and other factors.
We also consider your financial and management capabilities to properly finance and manage
multiple Sonic Restaurants. There is no minimum size for Development Areas.

       To maintain your rights under the Development Agreement, you (or a Controlled Affiliate)
must sign Franchise Agreements with us for, and open and begin operating, the number of new Sonic
Restaurants described under the Development Schedule within the timeframes in the Development
Schedule. If you fail to comply with any aspect of the Development Schedule, we may terminate the
Development Agreement. Except for these situations, continuation of your territorial rights in the
Development Area does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration or
other contingency, and we may not alter your Development Area or modify your territorial rights in

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
