you must contribute certain amounts to your advertising cooperative. You must contribute an amount
set by the cooperative, but at least 3.25% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. However, if you are
located in a market that we have designated as a developing or new market, you must contribute at
least 5% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales to the advertising cooperative. As described in Item 6, the
cooperative will allocate all or a portion of your cooperative contribution to the SMF.

       The members of each advertising cooperative have responsibility for the cooperative’s
administration, and each member (whether a Franchised Drive-In or a Company Drive-In) has 1 vote
for each Sonic Restaurant located in the DMA. Company Drive-Ins contribute to the advertising
cooperative at the same rate as Franchise Drive-Ins. To become an approved advertising cooperative,
the members must adopt and operate in compliance with written bylaws that we approve. Upon your
request, we will furnish you with the advertising cooperative’s bylaws for your proposed Restaurant.
We do not require advertising cooperatives to prepare annual or periodic financial statements or to
submit annual or periodic financial statements to us, so we cannot make them available to you for
review. We have the power to form, change, dissolve or merge advertising cooperatives. (Section
12.01 of the Franchise Agreement)

         Franchise Advisory Council.

         Our Franchise Advisory Council provides advice, counsel and input us on important issues
impacting the business, such as marketing and promotions, new products, operations, profitability,
technology and new products. The Franchise Advisory Council currently consists of 40 members we
select. We have 8 executive committee members who are selected at large and 13 regional members
representing all regions of the country. We also have 3 Franchise Advisory Council task groups
comprised of 53 members who generally serve 3-year terms and provide support on individual key
priorities. The Franchise Advisory Council operates in an advisory capacity only. We have the power
to form, change or dissolve franchise advisory councils.

Computer Systems and Technology

         Computer System

        Your Restaurant must have a currently supported Windows-based personal computer, with
sound and graphics capabilities along with a printer. The Restaurant must have high-speed internet
meeting or exceeding Sonic’s current standard (50 mpbs download/20 mpbs upload). You must be
able to operate the Restaurant using whatever equipment, components and software are necessary to
meet all functionality, performance and informational requirements we periodically specify, including
the ability to remain open for business, comply with customer orders, report your sales, maintain daily
sales records and activity reports, maintain and submit any other reports we require, receive
communications from us, remit royalty and advertising payments, and accept and process credit cards,
debit cards, mobile ordering and payment systems and gift cards. You must use only pre-approved
providers for the technology systems in your Restaurant, including your POS system, back office
system, payment platform, digital channels and technology support. We may periodically require
changes or upgrades to the specific software, hardware and computer equipment. No contract limits
the frequency or cost of your obligations. We will have unlimited, independent access to the
information that your POS system and other internet-connected technology systems generates and
stores, including detailed sales information. For clarity’s sake, we will not access individual
employee personal data (including contact information, social security numbers, rate of pay or similar
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
