or the BTF, including the determination of the designated beverage supplier or advertising agency of
record for the Sonic Restaurant network, we will solicit input and advice from a group of franchisees
gathered together for that purpose. (This obligation applies only if the franchise agreements in effect
for at least one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain this provision or a substantially similar
provision.) We may also periodically solicit bids from suppliers for the production and sale of certain
products that you must use or sell in your Restaurant. We may arrange for the products’ distribution
to your Restaurant at an agreed-upon delivery fee if we negotiate price and delivery terms for certain
products for the benefit of the Sonic Restaurant network. You also must use the marketing and
advertising services of the advertising agency that we periodically approve.

         You must purchase only those food, beverages, signs, paper products, inventory, supplies,
uniforms, Wacky Pack® Kids’ Meal promotional items, signage, POS, POPS, back-office-system
(“BOS”), mobile ordering technology, payment technologies, audio communications system,
equipment, menu and speaker housings, menu boards, and other products and services associated with
the development or operation of the Restaurant which meet the standards and specifications we
periodically establish and, if we require, only from suppliers that we periodically designate or approve
(which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates). You must also purchase or lease, and install
in and about the Restaurant, the equipment, fixtures, furniture, lighting, and other personal property
from suppliers that we periodically designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us or
our affiliates) and that strictly confirm to the appearance, uniform standards and specifications that
we require. You also must purchase other technology hardware, software, and services for system
initiatives only from suppliers that we periodically designate or approve (which may include or be
limited to us or our affiliates). You cannot install or use in the operation of the Restaurant any
equipment, fixtures, furnishings or other personal property that we do not approve, except that you
currently may, without our prior written consent, install security-related equipment that does not
interfere with the operation or trade dress of the Restaurant. Additionally, you must sign contracts
with approved suppliers and participate in our then-current gift card program operated by or through
our approved suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates). Your vendors, suppliers, distributors,
and other contracting parties may provide us information regarding your purchases, past due amounts
and other aspects of their relationship with you.

        We approve suppliers on the basis of, among other things, the quality and price of the goods
produced or services provided, the service commitment to our standards, production capabilities,
adherence to our standards, and facilities cleanliness. We currently have no formal procedure or
written criteria for the approval or revocation of approval of alternative suppliers, and we do not
charge any fee to secure approval of an alternative supplier. We typically respond within 30 days
after receiving all information we request. We revoke our approval of suppliers by notifying the
supplier. We retain the exclusive right to consider, review and approve all suppliers and distributors
which may hold, sell or distribute Sonic-labeled goods or products. Except for interests our officers
may hold in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, there are no approved suppliers in which any of our
officers own an interest.

        We will provide you with the standard construction plans and specifications for a free-
standing Sonic Restaurant, including mandatory and recommended standards and specifications for
the building, equipment layout, and signs (the “Sonic Plans and Specifications”). You cannot deviate
from the approved plans and specifications in any manner in the construction or remodeling of the
Restaurant without our prior written approval. If you make any alterations to the site plan, as we
approved it, or to the Sonic Plans and Specifications or layouts for any reason, these alterations are
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
