Contributions for the annual Sonic franchisee convention are primarily flat amounts that SIS and the
supplier determine. Neither we nor our affiliates received any revenue during our 2024 fiscal year
from selling products or services to Sonic Restaurant franchisees.

Multi-Brand Locations

         If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Sonic Restaurant
at a Multi-Brand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Sonic system
applicable to your Sonic Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design
requirements, the products and services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing
and promotional programs, required equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel
training and staffing requirements, and other standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner
that is different from the manner in which those terms apply to other Sonic Restaurants, to reflect the
Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.

        If we permit you to operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use
paper products and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products
served by the Sonic Restaurant, and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant
or with products served by the Other Restaurant, (ii) you must ensure that all employees providing
services to customers of the Restaurant wear uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or other
apparel worn by the employees providing services to customers of the Other Restaurants, and (iii)
you may be required to purchase or lease certain goods and services for each Other Restaurant from
approved or designated suppliers (which may be the applicable Other Franchisor or its affiliate). You
can find additional information in each Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document.

                                          ITEM 9
                                 FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

        This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It
will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in
other Items of this Disclosure Document.

                                                        Section in               Disclosure
                        Obligation                      agreement              document item
 a.     Site selection and acquisition/lease       FA: 3.01, 3.02           Items 8 and 11
                                                   DA: 6.01
 b.     Pre-opening purchases/leases               FA: 3.03, 3.04, 3.05     Items 7, 8 and 11
 c.     Site development and other pre-opening     FA: 3.03, 3.04, 3.05     Items 7, 8 and 11
        requirements                               MBA: 4(d)
                                                   DA: 6
 d.     Initial and ongoing training               FA: 6.01, 6.02, 6.03     Items 6, 7, 11, and 15
                                                   MBA: 5
 e.     Opening                                    FA: 3.05                 Items 5 and 11
                                                   DA: 6.02



Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
