         Sonic has the right to substitute cash for any consideration offered by the third party; (ii)
         Sonic’s credit will be deemed equal to the credit of any proposed buyer; (iii) the closing
         will be not less than sixty (60) days after notifying Franchisee of its election to purchase
         or, if later, the closing date proposed in the offer, provided that Sonic may delay the closing
         until it obtains all necessary licenses and permits to operate the Restaurant and all title
         insurance policies, landlord estoppels and other real estate documents that Sonic requires;
         and (iv) Sonic must receive, and Franchisee and its Owners agree to make, all customary
         representations, warranties and indemnities given by the seller of the assets of a business
         or Ownership Interests in an entity, as applicable, including representations and warranties
         regarding ownership and condition of, and title to, assets and Ownership Interests, liens
         and encumbrances on assets, validity of contracts and agreements, and the liabilities,
         contingent or otherwise, relating to the assets or Ownership Interests being purchased, and
         indemnities for all actions, events and conditions that existed or occurred in connection
         with the Restaurant or Franchisee’s business prior to the closing of Sonic’s purchase.

                 (c)     If Sonic does not exercise its right of first refusal, Franchisee or its Owners
         may move forward with the sale to the proposed buyer on the original offer’s terms, but
         only if Sonic approves the transfer and Franchisee otherwise complies with the terms and
         conditions of this Section 14. Any material change in the terms of an offer prior to closing
         shall cause it to be deemed a new offer, subject to the same right of first refusal by Sonic
         under this Section 14.05.

                 (d)    The provisions of this Section 14.05 shall not apply to any proposed
         transfers to Franchisee’s (or its Owner’s) spouse, children (by birth or adoption), or
         stepchildren.

                 (e)    Sonic may assign its right of first refusal under this Section 14.05 to any
         Person (who may be Sonic’s Affiliate), and that Person will have all of the rights and
         obligations under this Section 14.05.

        14.06 Transfer by Sonic. This Agreement and any other agreement will inure to the
benefit of any transferee or other legal successor to Sonic’s interest in it.

15.      DEFAULT AND TERMINATION.

        15.01 Termination Without Opportunity to Cure. Franchisee shall be deemed to be in
breach of this Agreement and Sonic may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all rights
granted herein without affording Franchisee any opportunity to cure the breach, effective
immediately upon Franchisee’s receipt of a notice of termination, upon the occurrence of any of
the following events:

                 (a)     Franchisee or its Principal shall become insolvent, make an assignment for
         the benefit of creditors, or shall give oral or written notice to Sonic of Franchisee’s intent
         to file a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy law; a final judgment aggregating in
         excess of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) against the Restaurant or property connected
         with the Restaurant remains unpaid for thirty (30) days; any suit to foreclose any lien
         against any assets of the Restaurant is instituted against Franchisee and is not dismissed
                                                   31
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
