                   1,500 square-foot Sonic Restaurant building with canopies for 6 to 12 drive-in stalls,
                   a drive-thru lane and patio seating. A Non-Drive-In Location (not including Drive-
                   Thru Only Locations) is a Sonic Drive-In located at a co-branded facility like a
                   convenience store or travel plaza ranging between 1,200 to 2,500 square feet for the
                   Sonic Restaurant. A Drive-Thru Only Location is a Sonic Drive-In located in a lot size
                   ranging between 24,000 to 32,670 square feet suitable for constructing a drive-thru
                   lane and does not have any drive-in stalls or patio seating.

         (2)       We describe the initial franchise fee in Item 5. We describe the incentives under which
                   we might apply a portion of the franchise fee towards royalties in Item 6. No separate
                   initial investment is required when you sign a Development Agreement.

         (3)       The low amount reflects costs for a fully local team not requiring lodging or airfare
                   and covers mileage and meals only for the general manager and two assistant managers
                   and/or shift leaders. The high amount covers the general manager and 5 assistant
                   managers and/or shift leaders and assumes airfare and lodging are also required for all
                   6 managers. Additionally, no later than 60 days before the opening of your Restaurant,
                   the general manager must attend General Manager Leadership Class. The cost of the
                   class is $200 per person plus travel, hotel and meals.

         (4)       For your first 3 Sonic Drive-Ins, as part of the pre-opening training, approximately 7
                   members of your Restaurant crew identified as the Franchisee Certified Training Team
                   will attend and complete a training program at another certified Sonic Restaurant that
                   we approve. Your Franchisee Certified Training Team will then train the entire new
                   Restaurant crew for pre-opening and opening. This training usually starts 7 days
                   before opening with a Friends and Family Day which is not included in the ranges
                   listed but could increase the cost by as much as $15,000. The low amount for training
                   includes 10 days of salaries and wages for the drive-in management team and 10
                   trainers plus 5 days of salaries and wages for 20 team members. The high amount for
                   training includes 10 days of salaries and wages for the drive-in management team and
                   15 trainers plus 5 days of salaries and wages for 76 team members.

         (5)       This range covers some deposits, impact fees for utilities, utility deposits, business
                   licenses and other miscellaneous prepaid expenses.

         (6)       Commercial leasing costs vary considerably depending on the location, building, lot
                   size and market conditions. Commercial leases for free-standing Traditional Drive-
                   Ins and Drive-Thru Only Locations are typically “triple net leases,” requiring you to
                   pay rent, taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs, common area expenses and all other
                   costs associated with the property. Because of the wide variety of costs and market
                   conditions, we are not able to estimate your deposits and other costs to acquire or lease
                   the real property for a free-standing Traditional Drive-In location or a Drive-Thru Only
                   Locations. For Traditional Drive-Ins at C-Store locations, this range reflects an
                   estimate for a security deposit and 3 months’ rent at the C-Store location. Some
                   franchisees develop their Sonic Restaurants inside C-Store buildings that they already
                   own, and in this case would not pay any rent or security deposit.



Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
