         and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Sonic as a result of the
         breach, which payment obligation shall give rise to and remain, until paid in full, a lien in
         favor of Sonic against any and all of the assets of the Restaurant.

                 (b)    The Franchise and all of Franchisee’s rights hereunder shall terminate.
         Franchisee shall not thereafter use any trade secrets disclosed to Franchisee hereunder or
         other Confidential Information, and shall cease to use and shall return to Sonic all copies
         of the Sonic Operations Manual and other instructions or materials delivered to Franchisee
         hereunder. Franchisee shall also not thereafter use in any manner any paper goods, signs,
         displays, menu housings or other property on which Sonic’s name or Proprietary Marks
         are imprinted or otherwise use any Proprietary Mark, any colorable imitation of a
         Proprietary Mark, any trademark, service mark or commercial symbol that is confusingly
         similar to any Proprietary Mark, or any other indicia of a Sonic
         Restaurant. Franchisee shall not otherwise use or duplicate the Sonic System or any
         portion thereof nor assist others to do so. Within thirty (30) days after the expiration or
         termination of this Agreement (unless Sonic directs otherwise in writing), Franchisee shall
         remove from the Restaurant’s premises all signs, emblems, and displays identifying it as
         or associated with a Sonic Restaurant or the Sonic System or which constitute or display
         any Proprietary Mark or trade dress of Sonic, and shall also remove from the premises all
         menu housings and PAYS or other Sonic proprietary equipment.

                 (c)     Within thirty (30) days after the expiration or termination of this Agreement
         (unless Sonic directs otherwise in writing), Franchisee shall change the exterior and interior
         design and the decor of the Restaurant’s premises, including by changing the color scheme,
         and shall make or cause to be made such changes in signs, buildings and structures
         (excluding major structural changes), as Sonic shall reasonably direct so as to effectively
         distinguish the same from its former appearance as a Sonic Restaurant and from any other
         Sonic Restaurant, and if Franchisee fails or refuses to comply herewith, then Sonic shall
         have the right to enter upon the Restaurant’s premises without being guilty of trespass or
         any other tort for the purpose of making or causing to be made such changes required by
         Sections 16.01(b) or 16.01(c) at the expense of Franchisee, which expense Franchisee
         agrees to pay on demand.

                 (d)    Franchisee and its Owners shall cease to hold itself or themselves out in any
         way as a current or former franchisee of Sonic or to do anything which would indicate any
         relationship between Franchisee and Sonic.

Franchisee shall be solely responsible for the cost of complying with this Section 16.01.
Franchisee hereby releases Sonic and its agents, servants, and employees from and agrees to
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sonic and its agents, servants, and employees against any
cost, damage, liability, or expense (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or resulting from
Franchisee granting access to the Restaurant’s premises, including any cost, damage, liability, or
expense arising out of the removal of any sign, equipment, fixture or other property from the
premises or modification of the premises pursuant to this Agreement.

       16.02 Sonic’s Option to Purchase Proprietary Assets. Upon expiration or termination of
this Agreement, and in addition to Sonic’s option under Section 16.03, Sonic shall have the right
                                                  34
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
