                 (b)     The BTF and all earnings thereof will be used exclusively to meet any and
         all costs of designing, developing, implementing, maintaining, administering and
         supporting products, services and programs related to technology and information systems
         for the Sonic System as well as any other purpose that enhances or protects the technology
         and information systems of any portion of the Sonic System. The BTF shall pay Sonic
         monthly an amount equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the BTF’s receipts during the
         preceding month, but not to exceed Sonic’s actual administrative costs and overhead, if
         any, as Sonic may incur in activities reasonably related to the administration or direction
         of the BTF for the franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant network. The BTF and its earnings
         shall not inure to the benefit of Sonic, and obligations of the BTF shall not be obligations
         of Sonic.

                  (c)    The BTF is not an asset of Sonic, and an independent certified public
         accountant designated by Sonic shall review the operation of the BTF annually, and the
         report shall be made available to Franchisee upon request. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         the body approved and designated by Sonic as the body to consult with regarding Sonic’s
         maintenance and administration of the BTF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council
         Executive Committee or its successor) may designate the independent public accountant to
         conduct the required review of the operation of the BTF if requested in writing at least
         thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each fiscal year.

                 (d)    Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic and its designees undertake no
         obligation in administering the BTF to make expenditures for Franchisee which are
         equivalent or proportionate to Franchisee’s contribution to the BTF.

                (e)      Although Sonic intends the BTF to be of perpetual duration, Sonic
         maintains the right to terminate the BTF. The BTF shall not be terminated, however, until
         all monies in the BTF have been expended in accordance with this Section 12.07.

                 (f)    On at least a quarterly basis, Sonic shall consult with the body approved and
         designated by Sonic and the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee (or its
         successor) regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the BTF and shall report
         to that body on the BTF’s operation.

13.      INSURANCE.

        13.01 Insurance Amounts. Prior to opening or taking possession of the Restaurant,
Franchisee shall acquire and thereafter maintain, from insurance companies acceptable to Sonic,
the forms of insurance with the coverages and amounts that Sonic periodically specifies. Sonic
shall have the right to require Franchisee to increase the insurance coverage amounts or obtain
additional insurance by giving Franchisee sixty (60) days’ written notice, and Franchisee shall
comply no later than the first policy renewal date after that sixty (60)-day period.

        13.02 Sonic as Additional Insured. Franchisee shall name Sonic its Affiliates as
additional insureds and loss payees under the insurance policies that Sonic periodically specifies.
Franchisee’s policies shall constitute primary policies of insurance with regard to other insurance,
shall contain a waiver of subrogation provision in favor of Sonic and its Affiliates as it relates to
                                                 26
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
