         Restaurant and, if applicable, other Sonic Restaurants will be the only businesses that
         Franchisee operates.

                 (b)     Organizational Documents. Franchisee’s certificate of incorporation and
         bylaws, partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, articles of
         organization and operating agreement, or similar governing documents (collectively,
         “Organizational Documents”), as applicable, shall provide that this Agreement restricts the
         issuance and transfer of any Ownership Interests in Franchisee, and all certificates and
         other documents representing Ownership Interests in Franchisee will bear a legend
         referring to this Agreement’s restrictions.

                (c)    Statement of Legal Composition. Franchisee represents and warrants that
         Exhibit A to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of Franchisee’s
         Owners and their direct and indirect Ownership Interests in Franchisee as of the date of
         this Agreement. Subject to Sonic’s rights and Franchisee’s obligations under Section 14,
         Franchisee and its Owners agree to sign and deliver to Sonic revised Exhibits A to reflect
         any changes in the information that Exhibit A now contains.

                 (d)     Principal. An individual whom Sonic approves (the “Principal”) must at all
         times during the Term: (a) own (directly or indirectly) more than fifty percent (50%) of the
         Ownership Interests in Franchisee; (b) have the authority under Franchisee’s
         Organizational Documents to authorize a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of
         substantially all of the assets of Franchisee and otherwise to direct and control Franchisee’s
         management and policies without the vote or consent of any other Person; and (c) devote
         sufficient time and attention to the promotion and operation of the Restaurant. The
         Principal as of the date of this Agreement is listed on Exhibit A.

                 (e)     Guarantees. The Principal and each other Owner (if any) who owns
         (directly or indirectly) ten percent (10%) or more of the Ownership Interests in Franchisee
         at any time during the Term must sign an agreement in the form Sonic designates
         undertaking personally to be bound, jointly and severally, by all provisions of this
         Agreement and any ancillary agreements between Sonic (or its Affiliate) and Franchisee,
         the current version of which is Exhibit B to this Agreement.

3.       SITE, LEASE, AND RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT.

         3.01    Site Selection.

                 (a)    Franchisee may operate the Restaurant only at the following site:
         ___________________________ (the “Site”). Franchisee may not use the Site or any part
         of the Restaurant premises for any purpose other than the operation of a Sonic Restaurant
         during the Term.

                 (b)     If the Site is not determined on the date of this Agreement, then Franchisee
         shall at its expense locate a site for the Restaurant that Sonic accepts within ninety (90)
         days after the date of this Agreement. Promptly after signing this Agreement, Franchisee
         must deliver to Sonic for its review a complete site report and related information for a
                                                   5
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
