19.      NOTICES.

        19.01 Delivery. Any notice required hereunder, if not specified, shall be in writing and
shall be delivered by personal service, by overnight, receipted delivery service, or by United States
certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, in each case addressed to Franchisee at the
Restaurant or at such other address of Franchisee then appearing on Sonic’s records, or to Sonic
addressed to the attention of Sonic’s General Counsel at Three Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta,
Georgia 30328, or at the subsequent address of Sonic’s company headquarters. Either party, by a
similar written notice, may change the address to which notices shall be sent. Notice shall be
deemed effective on the date of delivery, if delivery is by personal service or overnight delivery,
or three business days after the party places the notice in the United States mail, if delivery is by
certified or registered mail.

        19.02 Failure to Accept. If Sonic is unable to give actual notice of any breach or
termination of this Agreement because Franchisee has failed to provide Sonic with a current
address, because Franchisee fails to accept or pick up this mailed notice, or due to any reason
which is not the fault of Sonic, then such notice shall be deemed as given when Sonic sends such
notice by overnight receipted delivery service or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid.

20.      INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT.

        20.01 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and all addenda, appendices, and amendments
hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all prior and
contemporaneous, oral or written agreements or understandings of the parties relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement
is intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document. This
Agreement shall be binding upon the parties, and their heirs, executors, personal representatives,
and permitted successors and assigns. Any policies that Sonic adopts and implements from time
to time to guide Sonic in its decision-making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement
and are not binding on Sonic. Except as provided in Section 18.03, nothing in this Agreement is
intended nor deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any Person not a party to this
Agreement.

       20.02 Amendment. Subject to Sonic’s rights to modify the Sonic Operations Manual and
Sonic System, this Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement
signed by both Franchisee and Sonic.

         20.03 No Waiver. Sonic and Franchisee may by written instrument unilaterally waive or
reduce any obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery
of written notice to the other or another effective date stated in the notice of waiver. However, no
interpretation, change, termination or waiver of any of this Agreement’s provisions shall be
binding upon Sonic unless in writing and signed by one of Sonic’s officers, and which is
specifically identified as an amendment, termination or waiver under this Agreement. Sonic and
Franchisee will not be deemed to waive or impair any right, power or option this Agreement
reserves because of any custom or practice at variance with its terms; Sonic’s or Franchisee’s
failure, refusal or neglect to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s
compliance with this Agreement; Sonic’s waiver of or failure to exercise any right, power or
                                                 41
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
