                                               ITEM 5
                                            INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee

        You must pay us an initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement. Our
standard initial franchise fee for a Traditional Drive-In location and Non-Drive-In Location is
currently $15,000, and our standard initial franchise fee for a Non-Traditional Location is currently
$11,250 (or $1,125 multiplied by the number of full or partial years in the term, up to 10 years).

        If, when signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree to operate a Traditional Drive-In at the
location of a SONIC® Restaurant that another franchisee previously operated and closed within the
last year, the initial franchise fee is either (1) $5,000, if you are a franchisee in good standing; or (2)
$12,500.

       The initial franchise fees described here are fully earned when paid and are not refundable
under any circumstances. During the fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, we charged initial
franchise fees ranging from $0 to $45,000.

Development Fee

        Under the Development Agreement you must pay us a nonrefundable development fee of
$10,000 multiplied by the number of Sonic Restaurants to be developed under the Development
Schedule when you sign the Development Agreement. We will credit $10,000 towards the franchise
fee for each Sonic Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement. You (or your Controlled
Affiliate) must pay us the balance of the franchise fee when you (or your Controlled Affiliate) sign
the Franchise Agreement for the Sonic Restaurant being developed. We and you will determine the
number of Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by which you must develop them, before
signing the Development Agreement. No portion of the development fee is refundable under any
circumstances.

Design Fees

         You are not required to use our affiliates’ services for developing a preliminary site layout
(“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen layout (“PKL”) for your Sonic Restaurant. If you do request that our
affiliates develop and provide you with a PSL and/or PKL for your new or remodeling Sonic
Restaurant, then you must pay our affiliate the then-current Site Design Fees or Kitchen Layout
Design Fees, as applicable. Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling
Sonic Restaurant, and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Sonic Restaurant,
and $750 for a PKL for a remodeling Sonic Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services for
Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

Training Fees

       At least 1 full-time manager working in your Restaurant must complete the General Manager
Leadership Class training to our satisfaction no later than 60 days before your Restaurant’s opening
date. You must pay us $200 per attendee upon registration in the General Manager Leadership Class.
No portion of the training fee is refundable under any circumstances.

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
