       You must conduct all advertising in any medium which references the Proprietary Marks or
the Restaurant in a dignified manner and ensure it conforms to the standards and requirements that
we periodically specify. You must submit to us, for our prior approval, samples of all advertising and
promotional plans and materials that you desire to use that reference the Proprietary Marks or the
Restaurant and that we have not prepared or previously approved. If we do not provide written
approval within 30 days after we receive the materials, they are deemed disapproved. Upon notice
from us, you must discontinue and/or remove any objectionable advertising or promotional materials,
whether or not they we previously approved them. (Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement)

         If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise
specify or approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the
Restaurant may reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Section
4(f) of the MBA)

         Social Media

        You may not develop, maintain or authorize a website or any other online presence (such as
blogs, common social networks like Facebook, professional networks like Linked-In, live-blogging
tools like X (f/k/a Twitter), virtual worlds, file, audio, photo and video sharing sites like TikTok,
Pinterest, SnapChat and Instagram, and other similar social networking or media sites or tools) or
other electronic medium (such as mobile applications, kiosks and other interactive properties or
technology-based programs) that mentions or describes you, the Restaurant or its products or services,
or that displays any of the Proprietary Marks, except as we may authorize periodically. (Franchise
Agreement, Section 8.08)

         Sonic Brand Fund
       You must contribute 0.90% of the monthly Gross Sales of your Restaurant to the SBF. In
some instances, certain suppliers provide funds to the SBF. Company Drive-Ins also contribute to
the SBF on the same basis as Franchise Drive-Ins.

        We administer the SBF and direct all brand programs, with sole discretion over the concepts,
materials, guidelines, and media used in those programs. The SBF is intended to enhance the Sonic
system and maximize general public recognition and acceptance of the Proprietary Marks for the
benefit of the Sonic Restaurant network. We have no obligation in administering the SBF to make
expenditures for you which are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. On a quarterly basis,
we will consult with the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor regarding
our maintenance and administration of the SBF and report on the SBF’s operation.

         During the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, funds from the SBF were spent as follows:
                   Item                                                      Percent
                   Advertising Production                                       34%
                   Product Cost Equalization/Volatility Management              27%
                   Administrative Expenses                                       7%
                   Marketing Research                                           12%
                   Limeades for Learning                                         3%
                   Customer Relations                                            6%
                   Quality Assurance                                             1%
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
