                            SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Accounts Receivable, net

The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
franchise agreements. These receivables from franchisees are generally due within 30 days of the period in which the
corresponding sales occur and are classified as "Accounts receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company
monitors accounts receivable and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime expected loss on
receivables. These estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including those related to
current market conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its determination,
the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may
be beyond its control.

Property and Equipment, net

"Property and equipment, net" are stated at cost, including internal costs of employees to the extent such employees are
dedicated to specific restaurant construction projects, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of
property and equipment is computed on the straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related major classes of
property and equipment. Estimated useful lives are 3 to 15 years for office and restaurant equipment, 3 to 5 years for
transportation equipment, 7 to 40 years for buildings and 7 to 25 years for site improvements. Finance lease assets and
leasehold improvements are amortized and depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the terms of the
respective leases.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The
Company tests goodwill by reporting unit for impairment annually, as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired.

The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the
qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test of goodwill. The Company estimates the fair value of the
reporting unit using an income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (Level 3) and
relevant data from the guideline transaction approach and guideline public companies market approach (Level 3).
Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues and cash flows, terminal value,
a discount rate that approximates the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital and a selection of multiples for
comparable publicly traded companies as guidelines for determining fair value under the market approach.

During 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company completed its impairment test for goodwill and no impairment was indicated.

Indefinite-lived Intangibles and Other Definite-lived Assets

Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset

The Company reviews its indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter and
more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible
asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or
circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test. If
such reviews indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the
carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset.

The Company uses the relief from royalty method to determine the fair value of its trademark/trade name. Significant
assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues, royalty rate, terminal value, and discount
rate.

During the years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company determined no impairment was indicated for its indefinite-lived
intangible asset.




                                                              8
