                                                 SONIC FRANCHISING LLC
                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (In thousands)


1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Sonic Franchising LLC (the "Company") is a single-member limited liability company established on March 23, 2011. The
     Company’s sole owner is Sonic Capital LLC (the "Parent"), which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic LLC.
     Sonic LLC is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic Holding Company ("Sonic"). Sonic is a direct wholly-owned
     subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp., which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Inspire Brands, Inc. ("Inspire"), the
     ultimate parent. The Company has material transactions with the Parent, Sonic, Inspire and subsidiaries of each
     (collectively, the "Affiliate").

     The Company franchises a chain of quick-service restaurants in the United States ("U.S"). Revenues are derived primarily
     from royalties from Sonic franchisees and Affiliate license agreements entered into after May 20, 2011.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Basis of Presentation

     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
     the United States ("GAAP").
     Use of Estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
     that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
     financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could
     differ from those estimates.

     Fiscal Year

     The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
     referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024," (2) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023"
     and (3) "the year ended January 1, 2023" or "2022." The years 2024, 2023, and 2022 consisted of 52 weeks.

     Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

     The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
     maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company maintained
     balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
     months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.

     The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
     restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.

     Restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash held to meet certain reserve requirements in conjunction with
     the securitization transactions as described in Note 5.

     Accounts Receivable, net

     The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
     franchise agreements. These receivables from franchisees are generally due within 30 days of the period in which the
     corresponding sales occur and are classified as "Accounts receivable, net" on the accompanying balance sheets. The
     Company monitors accounts receivable and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime expected loss
     on receivables. These estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including those related
     to current market conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its
     determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other
     conditions that may be beyond its control.




                                                                  7
