         expenses of the Restaurant will be charged to that account. Sonic or its appointee may
         charge Franchisee (in addition to the amounts due under this Agreement) a management
         fee equal to three percent (3%) of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales during the period of
         management, plus any direct costs and expenses associated with the management. Sonic
         or its appointee has a duty to utilize only reasonable efforts and will not be liable to
         Franchisee for any debts, losses or obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of
         Franchisee’s creditors for any products or services the Restaurant purchases, while
         managing it. Franchisee shall not take any action or fail to take any action that would
         interfere with Sonic’s or its appointee’s exclusive right to manage the Restaurant.

                 (c)    The purchase price for the Restaurant Assets (the “Purchase Price”) will be
         their fair market value for use in the operation of a restaurant at a location other than the
         Restaurant’s premises, but not a Sonic Restaurant as a going concern, except that the
         Purchase Price will not include any value for any rights granted by this Agreement,
         goodwill attributable to the Proprietary Marks, Sonic’s brand image, any Confidential
         Information or Sonic’s other intellectual property rights, or participation in the network of
         Sonic Restaurants.

                  (d)    If Sonic and Franchisee cannot agree on the Purchase Price for the
         Restaurant Assets, it will be determined by three (3) independent appraisers, each of whom
         in doing so will be bound by the criteria specified in Subsection (c). Sonic will appoint
         one appraiser, Franchisee will appoint one appraiser, and these two appraisers will appoint
         the third appraiser. Franchisee and Sonic agree to appoint their respective appraisers within
         fifteen (15) days after Sonic delivers the Exercise Notice (if Franchisee and Sonic have not
         agreed on the Purchase Price before then), and the two appraisers so chosen must appoint
         the third appraiser within ten (10) days after the last of them is appointed. If either Sonic
         or Franchisee does not appoint their respective appraiser by that deadline, then the other
         party’s appointed appraiser shall be the sole appraiser to determine the Purchase Price
         under this Subsection (d). Sonic and Franchisee each will bear the costs of its own
         appointed appraiser and share equally the fees and expenses of the third appraiser. Within
         thirty (30) days after Sonic delivers the Exercise Notice, each party shall submit its
         respective calculation of the Purchase Price to the appraisers in such detail as the appraisers
         request and according to the criteria specified in Subsection (c). Within ten (10) days after
         receiving both calculations, the appraisers shall determine, by a majority vote, and notify
         Franchisee and Sonic which of the calculations is the most correct. The appraisers must
         choose either Franchisee’s or Sonic’s calculation and may not develop their own fair
         market value calculation. The appraisers’ choice shall be the Purchase Price.

                 (e)     Sonic will pay the Purchase Price at the closing, which will take place
         within sixty (60) days after the Purchase Price is determined, provided that Sonic may
         delay the closing until it obtains all necessary licenses and permits to operate the Restaurant
         and all title insurance policies, landlord estoppels and other real estate documents that
         Sonic requires. Sonic may set off against the Purchase Price, and reduce the Purchase Price
         by, any and all amounts Franchisee owes Sonic or its Affiliates and any amounts owed to
         Franchisee’s creditors relating to the Restaurant. Sonic is entitled to all customary
         representations, warranties and indemnities in its asset purchase, including representations
                                                   36
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
