amounts owed to Sonic or its Affiliates on the grounds of Sonic’s or their alleged nonperformance
of any of its or their obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement.

         20.07 Acknowledgements. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee has had
ample opportunity to contact existing franchisees of Sonic and to investigate all aspects of the
Sonic Restaurant opportunity. Franchisee has conducted an independent investigation of the
business contemplated by this Agreement and recognizes that it involves substantial business risks
making the success of the venture largely dependent on the business abilities of Franchisee. Except
as set forth in Sonic’s franchise disclosure document, Franchisee has not received from Sonic or
its Affiliates any express or implied warranty or guaranty regarding the potential sales, income,
profits, or success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement.

        20.08 No Related Party Liability. Franchisee agrees that no past, present or future
director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate,
controlling party, entity under common control, ownership or management, vendor, service
provider, agent, attorney or representative of Sonic will have any liability for: (a) any of Sonic’s
obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement; (b) any claim against Sonic
based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between Franchisee and Sonic; or (c) any
claim against Sonic based on any alleged unlawful act or omission of Sonic.

21.      CONSULTATION WITH FRANCHISEES AND SONIC’S JUDGMENT.

        21.01 Consultation with Franchisees. In connection with any significant changes in the
programs or policies impacting all or substantially all Sonic Restaurants with respect to training,
the Sonic System, the Sonic Operations Manual, the SMF, the SBF or the BTF, including the
determination of the designated beverage supplier or advertising agency of record for the Sonic
Restaurant network, Sonic shall solicit input and advice from a group of franchisees gathered
together for such purpose (whether established ongoing for such purpose or gathered on an ad hoc
basis from time to time). Sonic shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such
groups are balanced in terms of their representation of Sonic Restaurants as a whole.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 21.01 shall not have any effect unless the franchise
agreements in effect for at least one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain this provision or a
substantially similar provision.

        21.02 Sonic’s Judgment. Subject to Section 21.01, Sonic has the right to operate, develop
and change the Sonic System in any manner that is not specifically prohibited by this Agreement.
Whenever Sonic has reserved in this Agreement a right to take or to withhold an action, or to grant
or decline to grant Franchisee a right to take or omit an action, Sonic may, except as otherwise
specifically provided in this Agreement, make its decision or exercise its rights based on
information readily available to Sonic and its judgment of what is in the best interests of Sonic or
its Affiliates, the Sonic Restaurant network generally, or the Sonic System at the time its decision
is made, without regard to whether it could have made other reasonable or alternative decisions.




                                                43
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
