         Provision                                 Section        Summary
  t.     Integration/merger clause                 FA: 20.01      Franchise Agreement is the entire
                                                   DA: 10         agreement and understanding
                                                                  between Sonic and you and will
                                                                  supersede all previous discussions
                                                                  and representations by Sonic
                                                                  personnel. Only the terms of the
                                                                  Franchise Agreement are biding
                                                                  (subject to state law). Any
                                                                  representations or promises outside
                                                                  of the disclosure document and
                                                                  Franchise Agreement may not be
                                                                  enforceable.
  u.     Dispute resolution by mediation or        Not applicable Not applicable.
         arbitration
  v.     Choice of forum                           FA: 22.02       State, federal or local courts within
                                                   DA: 10          the county where we maintain our
                                                                   headquarters (currently, Atlanta,
                                                                   Georgia) (subject to state law).
  w.     Choice of law                             FA: 22.01       Georgia law applies to all claims
                                                   DA: 10          (subject to state law)

                                                 ITEM 18
                                              PUBLIC FIGURES

         Sonic does not use any public figure to promote its franchise.

                                         ITEM 19
                         FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATION

        The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a
reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.
Financial performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if:
(1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.

        These financial performance representations provide actual, historical “AUVs,” or average
“Unit Volumes,” for specific groups of franchised Sonic Restaurants. “Unit Volume” has the same
meaning as Gross Sales, which we define in the note below. This Item 19 includes financial
information for our 2024 fiscal year (which we will call simply “2024” in this Item 19), which is the
period from January 1, 2024 until December 29, 2024. Indeed, federal and state franchise laws permit
us to include in Item 19 either (a) a historical financial performance representation about the franchise
system’s existing outlets or a subset of those outlets, or (b) a forecast of the prospective franchisee’s
future financial performance. The information in this Item 19 reflects 2024 historical data for the
AUV of certain franchised Sonic Restaurants, and is not a forecast of future financial performance or
a projection.


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
