                 (m)   participate in all system-wide initiatives, including technology initiatives,
         and all marketing, advertising, promotional, and brand enhancement programs as Sonic
         may periodically specify;

                 (n)    deal with all parties who have dealings with the Restaurant (including
         suppliers and customers) in a respectful and responsive manner such that the reputation
         and goodwill of Sonic, its franchisees, and the Sonic Restaurant network are not tarnished
         in the business community or with consumers; and

                 (o)    comply with all maximum, minimum or other pricing requirements for
         products and services that the Restaurant offers, including requirements for promotions,
         special offers and discounts in which some or all Sonic Restaurants participate, in each
         case to the maximum extent the law allows.

Sonic shall have the right to establish new or to modify existing operating procedures, policies,
practices, requirements, standards, specifications and guidelines, which shall be effective upon
notice from Sonic unless Sonic specifies otherwise. Such new or modified operating procedures,
policies, practices, requirements, standards, specifications and guidelines may require Franchisee
to incur additional expense. Although Sonic retains the right to establish and periodically modify
the Sonic System and its operating procedures, policies, practices, requirements, standards,
specifications and guidelines that Franchisee has agreed to follow, Franchisee retains the
responsibility for the day-to-day management and operation of the Restaurant and implementing
and maintaining Sonic System at the Restaurant.

        8.02 Restaurant Inspections. Sonic shall have the right to inspect the Restaurant at all
reasonable times to determine whether Franchisee’s operation of the Restaurant is in compliance
with the Sonic System and Franchisee’s other obligations under this Agreement. This right to
inspect includes the right of Sonic or a third party on Sonic’s behalf to conduct food safety audits
and operational assessments. If any inspection, including a food safety audit or an operational
assessment, reveals any deficiency or unsatisfactory condition with respect to any aspect of the
Restaurant’s operation, Franchisee shall promptly (but in any event within seventy-two (72) hours)
correct or repair such deficiency or unsatisfactory condition. The preceding sentence
notwithstanding, Franchisee shall take immediate action to correct or repair any deficiency or
unsatisfactory condition which poses a risk to public health or safety. If Franchisee fails to comply
with the foregoing obligations to correct and repair, Sonic shall have the right (but no obligation),
without being guilty of trespass or tort, to enter the Site and Restaurant to make or cause to be
made such corrections or repairs, and Franchisee shall reimburse Sonic for the expense thereof,
including wages, travel and living expenses and other expenses of Sonic’s personnel. The
foregoing shall be in addition to any other right or remedies Sonic may have.

        8.03 Approved Suppliers and Advertising Agencies. Franchisee agrees to purchase only
such food, beverages, signs and equipment and other products and services associated with the
development or operation of the Restaurant which meet the standards and specifications
periodically established by Sonic and, if Sonic requires, only from suppliers that Sonic periodically
designates or approves (which may include or be limited to Sonic or its Affiliates). Franchisee
agrees that its vendors, suppliers and other contracting parties may provide to Sonic information
regarding Franchisee’s purchases, past due amounts and other aspects of their relationships with
                                                 16
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
