                                           SONIC FRANCHISING LLC
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 (In thousands)



Intangible Assets, net

The Company’s intangible assets subject to amortization consist of franchise agreements. These assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis.

The Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. If such reviews indicate the intangible asset
may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the
intangible asset.

During the years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, the Company determined no
impairment was indicated for its intangible assets.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.

The Company’s franchisees and Affiliates pay royalties based on a percentage of sales. Royalties are recognized as revenue
when they are earned. Franchise Drive-In openings typically occur as a result of existing development agreements. Each
development agreement gives a developer the exclusive right to construct, own and operate Sonic Drive-Ins within a defined
area. In exchange, each developer agrees to open a minimum number of Sonic Drive-Ins in the area within a prescribed time
period. Franchisees who enter into development agreements typically pay a fee, which is credited against the initial
franchise fees due when Sonic Drive-Ins are opened. The initial franchise fees are paid for services provided relating to the
sale of the franchise license. These fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each
respective franchise agreement. Any unamortized portion of the initial franchise fee will be presented in the accompanying
balance sheets as "Current deferred revenue" and"Noncurrent deferred revenue."

Income Taxes

The Company is a single-member limited liability company which has not elected to be taxed as an association, and
consequently, is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of
the Parent. Therefore, no U.S. or state income taxes or deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recorded in the financial
statements.




                                                             8
