the operation of the Restaurant, and shall provide for at least thirty (30) days’ written notice to
Sonic prior to their cancellation or amendment.

         13.03 General Conditions. Prior to opening or taking possession of the Restaurant and
within ten (10) days after any request by Sonic, Franchisee shall furnish Sonic with certificates of
insurance evidencing that Franchisee has obtained the insurance required under this Section 13.
In addition, Franchisee shall deliver evidence of the continuation of the required insurance policies
at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration dates of each existing insurance policy. If Franchisee
at any time fails to acquire and maintain the required insurance coverage, Sonic shall have the right
(but no obligation), at Franchisee’s expense, to acquire and administer the required minimum
insurance coverage on behalf of Franchisee. However, Sonic shall not have any obligation to
assume the premium expense, and nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a guaranty by Sonic
against any losses sustained by Franchisee. Sonic may relieve itself of all duties with respect to
the administration of any required insurance policies by giving ten (10) days’ written notice to
Franchisee.

14.      TRANSFER OF INTEREST.

        14.01 Transfer Defined. The rights and duties created by this Agreement are personal to
Franchisee (or its Owners), and Sonic has granted the Franchise and rights under this Agreement
to Franchisee in reliance on the collective character, skill, aptitude, and business and financial
capacity of Franchisee and its Owners. Accordingly, except as may be otherwise permitted by this
Section 14, neither this Agreement (or any rights or obligations under or interest in this
Agreement), the Restaurant or all or substantially all of its assets, or any Ownership Interest in
Franchisee or its Owners, may be transferred without Sonic’s prior written approval, which will
not be unreasonably withheld if the conditions for transfer contained in this Section 14 are satisfied
and the transfer fee pursuant to Section 7.03 is paid. A transfer of the Restaurant’s ownership,
possession, or control, or substantially all of its assets, may be made only with the concurrent
transfer (to the same proposed transferee) of the rights and obligation under this Agreement
(subject to the conditions of transfer set forth herein). Any transfer without Sonic’s required
approval is a breach of this Agreement and has no effect.

        In this Agreement, the term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any voluntary,
involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and includes the following
events, whether they impact Franchisee (or its Owners) directly or indirectly:

                 (a)     transfer of record or beneficial ownership of any Ownership Interest or the
         right to receive all or a portion of Franchisee’s profits or losses or any capital appreciation
         relating to Franchisee or the Restaurant (whether directly or indirectly);

                (b)    merger, consolidation or exchange of Ownership Interests, or issuance of
         additional Ownership Interests or securities representing or potentially representing
         Ownership Interests, or a redemption of Ownership Interests;

                 (c)     any sale or exchange of voting interests or securities convertible to voting
         interests, or any management agreement or other arrangement granting the right to exercise

                                                   27
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
