Our Training Team and Training Materials

        Kevin Knutson, our Vice President of Training and Operation Services, oversees our training
program. Mr. Knutson has 20 years’ experience in the restaurant industry and 14 years’ experience
with our training programs. Other members of our Operations Services, Training, and Development
Department, who have a combined total of more than 75 years’ experience with us and a combined
total of more than 90 years’ experience in the restaurant industry, also assist with training. The
instructional materials used for our training programs are the Operations Manual and other handouts.

        If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance
and assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be
intended for stand-alone Sonic Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations. We
may modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are
cross-trained to operate both the Sonic Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must
ensure that all employees who provide services to the Sonic Restaurant’s customers or otherwise
assist in the Sonic Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Sonic Restaurant and
otherwise satisfy our requirements. We have no obligation to provide training, services or other
assistant with respect to the development or operation of any Other Restaurant. (Sections 4 and 5 of
the MBA)

                                              ITEM 12
                                            TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement

        Under the Franchise Agreement, we grant you a license to operate a Sonic Restaurant at a
location that we accept. If your lease expires or is terminated without your fault, or if the Restaurant
is destroyed, condemned, or otherwise rendered unusable, you may relocate the Restaurant to a new
site within the Protected Area (defined below) that is acceptable to us. You must pay all costs
associated with the relocation and comply with the Franchise Agreement’s provisions relating to the
development and opening of the Restaurant at the new site and de-identification of the old site.

       Except as described below, we will not own or operate a Sonic Restaurant, and will not
franchise to any other person to own or operate a Sonic Restaurant (other than a Sonic Restaurant
franchised before the date of the Franchise Agreement), within the Restaurant’s Protected Area. The
“Protected Area” is defined on the Franchise Agreement’s effective date and is:

        (i)     a radius extending .75 miles from the front door of the Restaurant if located within
an area that has a population density of more than 125,000 people per square mile; or

      (ii)    if the Restaurant is located within an area that has a population density of less than
125,000 people per square mile then:

                (a)      a radius extending 1.5 miles from the front door of the Restaurant if located
         within a city, town, or MSA having a population of 75,000 or more;

                (b)      a radius extending 2 miles from the front door of the Restaurant if located
         within a city, town, or MSA having a population of less than 75,000 but more than 25,000;

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
