          Franchised Restaurant may reference the Other Restaurants or the brand(s) under which
          the Other Restaurants operate.

                  (g)    all of the Franchised Restaurant’s sales must be entered only on the point-
          of-sale system that Franchisor approves for the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee (and, if
          applicable, Co-Operators) shall maintain separate books and records for the Franchised
          Restaurant and the Other Restaurants and shall not commingle the revenues of the
          Franchised Restaurant with the revenues of the Other Restaurants. Franchisor and
          Franchisee agree that Franchisee shall pay royalties or continuing franchise fees,
          advertising/brand fund contributions or continuing advertising fees, and/or similar
          payments based on Gross Sales under the Franchise Agreement only on the Gross Sales
          derived from the Franchised Restaurant and not on the sales or revenue of the Other
          Restaurants. Franchisee agrees to deliver to Franchisor, at such times that Franchisor
          periodically specifies, sales information and other reports relating to the Other Restaurants.

                 (h)     Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor shall have no obligation to
          provide any training, services or other assistance with respect to the development or
          operation of the Other Restaurants.

       5.      Personnel. Franchisee must ensure that all employees providing services to
customers of the Franchised Restaurant wear uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or
other apparel worn by the employees providing services to customers of the Other Restaurants.
Franchisor may at its option modify its training, staffing and other similar requirements to address
any employees that are cross-trained to operate both the Franchised Restaurant and the Other
Restaurants. However, Franchisee must ensure that all employees who provide services to the
Franchised Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in the Franchised Restaurant’s operation are
properly trained to operate the Franchised Restaurant and otherwise satisfy Franchisor’s
requirements. Franchisee must pay Franchisor any training fees and additional expenses that
Franchisor incurs in connection with any additional or specialized training required for the
Franchised Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as multi-brand location.

       6.      Inspections and Audits. In order to determine Franchisee’s compliance with the
Franchise Agreement (including this Addendum), Franchisor shall have the right to inspect the
Other Restaurants and their operations, and audit the books and records associated with the Other
Restaurants, in accordance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement to the same extent that it
may do so with respect to the Franchised Restaurant, its operations, and its books and records. If
Franchisee has Co-Operators operating the Other Restaurants, Franchisee must ensure that those
Co-Operators provide Franchisor the rights under this Section 6.

        7.     Refresh/Remodel of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisor, at its option, may
modify the requirements for any required refresh or remodel of the Franchised Restaurant under
the Franchise Agreement, including by accelerating or deferring any due dates, in order to correlate
with the development, remodel and/or refresh requirements under any of the Other Franchise
Agreements.

       8.     Relationship With Other Franchise Agreements. Franchisee acknowledges that
Franchisor granted Franchisee the rights under the Franchise Agreement and this Addendum in
                                                    3
2025 Inspire Brands’ Multi-Brand Addendum
1616246400.2
