                                                         Section in              Disclosure
                      Obligation                        agreement              document item
  y.    General release1                          FA: 5.02, 14.02,          Item 17
                                                  14.04, 16.03
  z.  Guaranty                                    FA: 2.02                  Item 15
1
  We require a General Release of all claims in certain situations (see Exhibit H).

                                               ITEM 10
                                             FINANCING

        We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guaranty your note, lease, or
obligation.

                                  ITEM 11
       FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND
                                 TRAINING

         Except as listed below, Sonic is not required to provide you with any assistance.

Before Opening

Before you open your Sonic Drive-In, we will:

         1. Evaluate the proposed site based on our then-current site selection policies and procedures
            and either accept or reject the proposed site, if the Site is not determined at the time you
            sign the Franchise Agreement. You must locate a Site we accept within 90 days after
            signing the Franchise Agreement, otherwise we may terminate the Franchise Agreement.
            We do not identify sites or negotiate the purchase or lease of a site for your Restaurant.
            We generally do not own or lease sites for new Sonic Restaurants to franchisees. In
            considering whether to accept a site, we consider factors like demographic evaluations,
            traffic patterns, physical site profile, and viable competition in the market area and other
            factors. It typically takes us 30 after receiving a site report and all other information we
            request to evaluate a site. (Section 3.01(b) of the Franchise Agreement)

         2. Provide you with our Sonic Plans and Specifications for a free-standing Sonic Restaurant,
            including mandatory and recommended standards and specifications for the building,
            equipment layout and signs. We also will provide standards and specifications, and names
            of approved suppliers, for opening inventory, supplies, and related materials needed to
            develop the Restaurant. We do not provide these items directly, but will provide the names
            of approved suppliers for some items and written specifications for some items. We do
            not deliver or install any items. (Sections 3.03, 8.01 and 8.03 of the Franchise Agreement).
            At your option, our affiliates also may provide certain site and kitchen layout design
            services.

         3. Provide you access to certain Confidential Information and Sonic Operations Manual.
            (Sections 6.02 and 10.01 of the Franchise Agreement). The Operations Manual might
            include written or intangible materials, including audio, video, computer software, other
            electronic media, written materials, written directives, email and other electronic

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
