                (m)     Franchisee is in default of this Agreement three (3) or more times in any
         given twelve (12)-month period, whether or not such default is cured; or

                 (n)     any other license or franchise agreement or other agreement between Sonic
         (or any of its Affiliates) and Franchisee (or any of its Owners or Affiliates) relating to the
         operation of the Restaurant or any other Sonic Restaurant, other than a development
         agreement, is terminated before its term expires, regardless of the reason.

        15.02 Termination With Opportunity to Cure. Franchisee shall be deemed to be in breach
of this Agreement and Sonic may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all rights granted
herein, effective immediately upon Franchisee’s receipt of a notice of termination, upon the
occurrence of any of the following events:

                 (a)    Franchisee or any of its Affiliates fail to pay any past due amounts owed to
         Sonic, whether for the Restaurant or otherwise, and do not cure the failure within ten (10)
         days after Sonic delivers written notice of that failure to Franchisee;

                 (b)     Franchisee fails to promptly pay undisputed invoices from Franchisee’s
         lessor or any of Franchisee’s suppliers or vendors, or fails to pay any undisputed taxes
         when due, and does not correct the failure within ten (10) days after Sonic delivers written
         notice of that failure to Franchisee;

                 (c)     Franchisee fails to maintain and operate the Restaurant in a good, clean, and
         wholesome manner or otherwise is not in compliance with the standards prescribed by the
         Sonic System, or fails to comply with any other provision of this Agreement, and does not
         correct the failure within thirty (30) days after Sonic delivers written notice of that failure
         to Franchisee (provided this period to cure will not be available to Franchisee, and Sonic
         will not be required to delay termination of this Agreement, where the failure involved is
         one which Franchisee cannot reasonably cure within the prescribed cure period or is one
         which is impossible to cure).

        15.03 Immediate Closure of Restaurant. Upon the occurrence of any of the events in
Section 15.01(g), 15.01(j) or 15.02(c), and without waiving Sonic’s other rights and remedies
(including the right to terminate the Agreement as set forth herein), Sonic may require Franchisee
to close the Restaurant immediately unless and until the situation is, in Sonic’s judgment,
satisfactorily resolved.

16.      OBLIGATIONS UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION.

       16.01 Effect of Termination or Expiration of this Agreement. Except as otherwise
authorized pursuant to the terms of any other license or franchise agreement between Sonic and
Franchisee, Franchisee shall comply with the following provisions after the expiration or
termination of this Agreement:

                (a)     Franchisee shall pay to Sonic and its Affiliates any and all amounts owed to
         them within ten (10) days after this Agreement terminates or expires. If this Agreement is
         terminated for any breach by Franchisee, such amounts shall include all damages, costs,
                                                   33
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
