   Type of Fee(1)           Amount              Due Date                         Remarks
 Enforcement costs     Will vary with the   On demand           If we or our affiliates become involved in
                       circumstances                            any action to enforce any agreement
                                                                relating to the Restaurant, the prevailing
                                                                party may recover costs and legal fees.

Notes:

(1)      Unless otherwise noted, all fees are payable to us, imposed and collected by us, nonrefundable
         and uniform for franchisees signing new agreements with us. We may periodically provide
         royalty relief to prospective franchisees who acquire existing Restaurants under challenging
         circumstances and sign new franchise agreements for the operation of those Restaurants.

(2)      Unless you qualify for an incentive program, the royalty fee is 5% of Gross Sales. In the future,
         we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.

         New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “New Restaurant Opening” or
         “NRO” incentive program if you sign a new Franchise Agreement on or before March 31,
         2026 to open a Traditional Restaurant. You may also qualify for the NRO incentive program
         if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to develop at least
         one Traditional Restaurant. You may also qualify to participate in the NRO incentive program
         if you sign the Incentive Amendment (Exhibit C-2) to an existing Development Agreement
         and amend your existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to add 1 or
         more new Traditional Restaurants to your existing development schedule. Lastly, you may
         also qualify for the NRO incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before
         March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a previously closed Traditional Restaurant (without
         relocating it), (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed, the Traditional Restaurant
         that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c) you are
         not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer. You will receive the
         benefits of the NRO incentive program if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial
         compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the
         Traditional Restaurant, you open the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise
         Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), you submit development costs
         to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Traditional Restaurant (as
         applicable) when you open the Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional
         Restaurant (as applicable) in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve
         (collectively, the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”).

         If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights
         and remedies (including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Development
         Agreement), the NRO incentive program will not apply. The NRO incentive program does
         not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises
         or to develop and operate the Restaurants at a Non-Traditional Location, as a relocation of an
         existing or closed Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition.




Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
