                 (c)      (1)     In the event of a dispute with a taxing authority as to (a) Franchisee’s
                 liability for taxes or (b) Sonic’s or its Affiliate’s liability for any taxes upon which
                 Franchisee is required under this Section 7.05 to make payment to Sonic,
                 Franchisee may contest the validity or the amount of the tax or indebtedness in
                 accordance with the law and regulations of the taxing authority. Sonic shall provide
                 Franchisee with all information, cooperation, and assistance that Franchisee may
                 reasonably request in connection with any dispute as to Franchisee’s, Sonic’s, or
                 Sonic’s Affiliate’s liability for taxes. Franchisee shall not permit a tax sale, seizure,
                 levy, or similar writ or warrant by a creditor to occur against the Restaurant or any
                 of its assets.

                 (2)     In the event a state taxing authority makes a refund to Sonic or its Affiliate
                 of taxes paid for which Sonic previously received payment from Franchisee under
                 this Section 7.05, Sonic shall pay to Franchisee the amount of the taxes refunded
                 by the state taxing authority to Sonic or its Affiliate which equals the amount
                 Franchisee previously paid to Sonic under this Section 7.05.

                 (d)     All notices received by Franchisee from a state taxing authority regarding
         the alleged, potential, or actual tax liability of Sonic or its Affiliates shall be given to Sonic
         within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by Franchisee. Sonic and Franchisee agree to
         consult in good faith to determine the nature of any action to be taken in connection with
         the notice or any demands contained therein.

8.       OPERATION OF THE RESTAURANT.

        8.01 Compliance with Entire System. Franchisee acknowledges that every component
of the Sonic System is important to Sonic and to the operation of the Restaurant as a Sonic
Restaurant, including a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food
specifications, preparation methods, quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and
service. Therefore, Franchisee agrees at all times during the term of this Agreement to operate the
Restaurant in accordance with all aspects of the Sonic System, the Sonic Operations Manual and
all of Sonic’s other standards and policies, as Sonic may periodically modify them. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee agrees at all times during the Term to:

                 (a)     operate the Restaurant in a clean, wholesome manner in compliance with
         standards of quality, food safety, service, cleanliness, and appearance as prescribed from
         time to time by governmental authorities or Sonic and comply with all business policies,
         practices, and procedures periodically imposed by Sonic;

                 (b)     make no alterations, conversions, or additions to the Restaurant’s building
         or parking area without Sonic’s prior written consent and maintain the building, parking
         area, parking stalls and other parts of the Site and Restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome
         condition and repair, well-lighted, and in compliance with designated standards as may be
         prescribed from time to time by Sonic;

                 (c)      purchase and install, and maintain at the Restaurant, all kitchen and other
         fixtures, lighting, payment systems, equipment (including office equipment) and signs in
                                                    14
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
