         documents representing Ownership Interests in Developer will bear a legend referring to
         this Agreement’s restrictions.

                (b)    Statement of Legal Composition. Developer represents and warrants that
         Exhibit C to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of Developer’s
         Owners and their direct and indirect Ownership Interests in Developer as of the date of this
         Agreement. Subject to Sonic’s rights and Developer’s obligations under Section 8,
         Developer and its Owners agree to sign and deliver to Sonic revised Exhibits C to reflect
         any changes in the information that Exhibit C now contains.

3.       TERRITORIAL RIGHTS IN DEVELOPMENT AREA.

         3.01 Territorial Rights in Development Area. Except as otherwise provided in Section
3.02, during the term of this Agreement, if Developer is in compliance with this Agreement
(including the Development Schedule), and Developer and its Affiliates are in compliance with
the terms of any other Related Agreements, then Sonic shall not own or operate a Sonic Restaurant,
and shall not franchise to any other Person to own or operate a Sonic Restaurant (other than a
Sonic Restaurant franchised prior to the date of this Agreement), within the Development Area.
However, if the Development Area covers more than one city, county, designated market area or
target area (each “Target Area”), the territorial protection under this Section 3.01 for each Target
Area shall expire upon the earlier of (a) the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or (b) the
date upon which Developer or a Controlled Affiliate signs a Sonic Franchise Agreement for the
final Sonic Restaurant to be developed in such Target Area under this Agreement. When the
territorial protection under this Section 3.01 expires with respect to the Development Area or
Target Area (as applicable), Sonic will thereafter be entitled to own and operate, and franchise to
any other Person to own and operate, a Sonic Restaurant in the Development Area or Target Area
(as applicable), except as may be otherwise provided under any Sonic Franchise Agreement then
in effect.

        3.02 Exclusions from Development Area. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section
3.01, the Development Area shall not extend to:

                (a)     the contractually-granted protected radius of any Sonic Restaurant in
         existence as of the date of this Agreement (“Previously Protected Radius”);

                (b)     the protected area of any developer under a development agreement with
         Sonic in existence as of the date of this Agreement (“Previously Protected Development
         Area”); or

                (c)     any Non-Drive-In Location or Non-Traditional Location that is otherwise
         located within the Development Area.

Consequently, notwithstanding Section 3.01, any Previously Protected Radius, Previously
Protected Development Area, Non-Drive-In Location and Non-Traditional Location is excluded
from the Development Area, and Sonic may own or operate a Sonic Restaurant, and may franchise
to any other Person to own or operate a Sonic Restaurant, within any Previously Protected Radius,

                                                  4
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-1
Number 25 Development Agreement
1616246401.2
