previously approved by Sonic. If Sonic does not provide Franchisee written approval within thirty
(30) days after the date Sonic receives such materials, they are deemed disapproved. Upon notice
from Sonic, Franchisee shall discontinue and/or remove any objectionable advertising or
promotional materials, whether or not they were previously approved by Sonic. If said materials
are not discontinued and/or removed within five (5) days after notice, Sonic or its authorized
agents, may, at any time, enter upon Franchisee’s premises, or elsewhere, and remove any
objectionable signs or other advertising or promotional materials and may keep or destroy such
signs or other media without paying therefore, and without being guilty of trespass or other tort.

        Coupons created or developed by or for Franchisee for use in promoting the Restaurant are
subject to the provisions of this Section 12.04. Additionally, such coupons shall conspicuously
state the location(s) where the coupons will be accepted and an expiration date. Franchisee shall
use its best efforts to ensure that coupons created or developed for the Restaurant or its market are
not distributed outside the area of the Restaurant or its market.

       12.05 Plans and Materials from Sonic. Sonic may offer from time to time to provide,
upon terms that Sonic determines, approved local advertising and promotional plans and materials,
including newspaper display space and distributed promotional materials.

        12.06 Publicity. Sonic shall have the right to photograph the Restaurant’s exterior and/or
interior, and the various foods served, and to use any such photographs in any of its publicity or
advertising, and Franchisee shall cooperate in securing such photographs and consent of Persons
pictured.

        12.07 Brand Technology Fund. Sonic or its designee shall maintain and administer a fund
for the Sonic System titled the Brand Technology Fund (the “BTF”) in accordance with this
Section 12.07.

                (a)    Franchisee shall pay to the BTF a technology fee in accordance with this
         Section 12.07(a).

                         (i)    For Gross Sales incurred beginning on March 1, 2016, and thereafter
                 during the continuance of this Agreement, but subject to Subsection (ii) below,
                 Franchisee shall pay to the BTF, on or before the tenth (10th) day of each calendar
                 month, a technology fee in an amount equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%)
                 of the Gross Sales during the previous calendar month, provided that, if the
                 Restaurant was in operation for the full calendar year 2020, the monthly technology
                 fee paid from the April 2021 payment through the March 2026 payment shall
                 instead be an amount equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the Gross Sales
                 for calendar year 2020 divided by twelve (12).

                        (ii)     The technology fee will continue for Gross Sales incurred on or after
                 March 1, 2026, only upon (i) the approval of a majority of the Franchise Advisory
                 Council (or its successor) and (ii) the approval of sixty-seven percent (67%) of the
                 franchisees of the Sonic Restaurants in the network (with one vote per Sonic
                 Restaurant).

                                                  25
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
