       11.07 Financial Disclosure. Sonic shall have the right to assemble and disseminate to
third parties financial and other information regarding Franchisee, the Restaurant, and other
franchisees of Sonic and Sonic Restaurants to the extent required by law or to the extent necessary
or appropriate to further the interests of Sonic (or its Affiliates), the Sonic System or the Sonic
Restaurant network as a whole.

       11.08 Accounting Services. If Franchisee is late three (3) or more times during any twelve
(12)-month period in paying any fee, fund contribution or other amount owned under this
Agreement, Sonic shall have the right to require Franchisee to use the accounting services that
Sonic specifies (which may be provided by Sonic or its Affiliate) at Franchisee’s expense for the
remaining term of this Agreement. This requirement is in addition to all other rights Sonic may
have under the terms of this Agreement and otherwise.

12.      ADVERTISING AND BRAND EXPENDITURES AND TECHNOLOGY FUND.

        12.01 Advertising Cooperatives. If the Restaurant lies within a DMA for which a Sonic-
approved advertising cooperative has been formed, Franchisee (a) shall join such advertising
cooperative or such other advertising cooperative as Sonic periodically designates; (b) shall abide
by, follow, support, and promote the financial accounting requirements that Sonic periodically
establishes for advertising cooperatives, including complying with the format of financial
reporting Sonic requires, acknowledging Sonic’s right to audit the advertising cooperative,
cooperating fully with Sonic in the event of any such audit, and using either the cooperative
accounting services of Sonic or another Sonic-approved accounting service; (c) shall support the
adoption of only those bylaws approved by Sonic for the advertising cooperative; and (d) shall not
purchase media outside of the advertising cooperative. Franchisee shall (at Sonic’s direction)
either pay to Sonic directly or contribute to such advertising cooperative an amount that the
advertising cooperative requires from time to time. If Franchisee pays the advertising cooperative
amount directly to Sonic, Franchisee will pay such amount together with the SMF contribution,
and Sonic will direct the advertising cooperative amounts to the appropriate advertising
cooperative. If Franchisee pays the advertising cooperative amount directly to the advertising
cooperative, such contributions shall occur no less often than each calendar month. Sonic and the
advertising cooperative may periodically modify the contribution amount required for the SMF
contribution and advertising cooperative amount, but Sonic will not require a total combined SMF
and advertising cooperative contribution amount of more than five percent (5%) of Gross Sales.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the advertising cooperative may vote to require additional
contributions in excess of the amounts that Sonic may require pursuant to this Section 12.01, and
Sonic may at any time alternatively designate other uses for any portion of such advertising
cooperative contribution if Sonic determines, in its sole judgment, that there is less need for
advertising and a greater need for another use. If there exists no Sonic-approved advertising
cooperative in the DMA in which the Restaurant is located on the date of this Agreement,
Franchisee shall promptly form an advertising cooperative for the DMA and further comply with
the requirements set forth in this Agreement applicable to and related to advertising cooperatives.

        12.02 System Marketing Fund. Sonic or its designee shall maintain and administer a
marketing fund for the Sonic System titled the System Marketing Fund (the “SMF”) in accordance
with this Section 12.02.

                                                22
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
