                  (b)      the right to provide, offer, and sell, and to grant others the right to provide,
         offer, and sell, goods and services that are identical or similar to and/or competitive with
         those provided at the Restaurant, whether identified by the Proprietary Marks or other
         trademarks or service marks, through similar or dissimilar distribution channels (including
         the Internet or similar electronic media), at any locations, and on any terms and conditions
         Sonic deems appropriate; and

                  (c)   the right to acquire or be acquired by (whether through acquisition of
         assets, Ownership Interests, or otherwise, regardless of the form of transaction) a business
         providing products and services similar to those provided at the Restaurant, or by another
         business, even if such business operates, franchises, and/or licenses competitive
         businesses.

         5.       Initial Term. Section 5.01 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the
following:

         Unless sooner terminated as hereafter provided, the term of this Agreement, including the
         Franchise, shall begin on the date of this Agreement and end on the earlier of (a) the date
         which is ten (10) years after the date upon which the Restaurant first opens for business, or
         (b) _________ [date when facility contract term expires.] (the “Term”).

         6.     Renewal Option. The first paragraph of Section 5.02 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted
and replaced with the following:

         At the end of the initial term, if Franchisee desires, Franchisee may renew the Franchise to
         adopt and use the Sonic System at the Restaurant for an additional term, provided that
         Franchisee satisfies all of the following conditions prior to the expiration of the initial term:

In addition, Subsection 5.02(d) of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:

                  (d)      Franchisee signs Sonic’s then current form of franchise agreement and
         related documents (modified to reflect that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal
         franchise at a Non-Traditional Location), the terms of which may differ materially from
         those in this Agreement, including different royalty fees, advertising and brand fees and
         other fees, except that the franchise agreement shall provide for a term of 10 years or the
         remaining term of Franchisee’s right to occupy the Site (whichever is shorter) and, in lieu
         of an initial franchise fee, Franchisee shall pay Sonic a renewal fee equal to twenty percent
         (20%) of Sonic’s then current initial franchise fee for Non-Traditional Locations;

The other subsections of Section 5.02 shall remain in full force and effect.

         7.       Initial Franchise Fee. The first sentence of Section 7.01 is deleted and replaced with the
following:

         Simultaneously with signing this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay Sonic an initial
         franchise fee in an amount equal to Two Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($2,250)
         multiplied by the number of full or partial years in the initial Term.




                                                         2
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-2
Non-Traditional Rider to the Franchise Agreement
1616246393.2
