                                   CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

         THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into this ___ day
of ________, 20__, by and between Sonic Franchising LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Sonic”),
and ______________ (“Candidate”) (hereafter Sonic and Candidate may also be jointly and severally referred
to as “Party” or “Parties”).

                                             W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Sonic and its affiliates are the franchisor of Sonic Drive-Ins; and

       WHEREAS, the Parties are exploring the desirability and feasibility of entering into development
agreements and/or franchise agreements with each another (the “Purpose”); and

        WHEREAS, in order to fulfill the Purpose, the Parties must provide certain proprietary and personal
information to each other.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
Parties agree as follows:

         1.      Confidential Information Defined. To facilitate the Purpose, the Parties may disclose to each
other certain unique, proprietary and financial confidential information, including, but not limited to:

         a) methods and procedures for preparing food and beverage products,
         b) confidential recipes for food products,
         c) designs, drawings and specifications for interior and exterior signs, designs, layouts, and color
            schemes,
         d) methods, techniques, formats, systems, specifications, procedures, trade secrets, sales and
            marketing programs and information,
         e) business, financial, operational and technical information,
         f) customer and supply partner lists,
         g) pricing information,
         h) intellectual property, and
         i) software codes,

in whatever form (tangible, intangible, written, electronic or otherwise) (collectively the “Confidential
Information”). The Confidential Information does not include information that is public at the time of
disclosure, information lawfully in possession of a Party immediately prior to disclosure, or information
lawfully obtained from a person or entity other than the Parties.

         2.       Use of Confidential Information. In consideration of the Parties’ willingness to disclose the
Confidential Information to each other, the Parties shall use the Confidential Information solely for the Purpose
and shall not copy the Confidential Information regardless of media except as reasonably necessary to
accomplish the Purpose. The Parties shall not use the Confidential Information in any business or capacity or
for the benefit of any person and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any unauthorized person or
entity, except in accordance with this Agreement either during or after this Agreement’s term.

         3.       Term. The term of this Agreement shall expire five years from the date of this Agreement.


Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. D
Confidentiality Agreement
1616246399.2
