Management Personnel must provide direct on-premises supervision to the Restaurant. “Management
Personnel” means all individuals who have shift responsibility or employee oversight responsibility
at the Restaurant. All Management Personnel must be certified in ServSafe or in another comparable,
nationally-recognized food safety training and certification program that we approve. Management
Personnel that you subsequently employ must complete this training within 120 days after starting
work. Management Personnel need not have an equity interest in you or in the Restaurant.

       The Principal and each other owner (if any) who owns 10% or more of the ownership interests
in you at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement must sign an agreement in the form
we designate undertaking personally to be bound, jointly and severally, by all provisions of the
Franchise Agreement and any ancillary agreements. We also may require you to use nondisclosure
clauses in agreements with employees and others (including your owners) who have access to the
Confidential Information.

                                      ITEM 16
                   RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

         You must serve all menu items that we periodically require, serve no items which are not
listed in the Operations Manual or which we do not otherwise authorize and approve, and display and
offer only the menu that we then approve. We have the unlimited right to change the types of
authorized products and services you may offer. You must comply with the maximum, minimum or
other pricing policies and requirements that we periodically specify for menu items and other products
and services that your Restaurant offers and sells, including promotions, special offers and discounts
in which some or all Sonic restaurants participate, in each case to the maximum extent the law allows.
We currently do not restrict the customers to whom you may sell the approved menu items and
products.

       If we permit you to operate the Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer
the products and services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement
in connection with the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.

                                  ITEM 17
           RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

         Provision                               Section        Summary
  a.     Length of the franchise term            FA: 5.01       Traditional Drive-In and Non-Drive-
                                                 MBA: 3         In Location: 10 years.

                                                                Non-Traditional Location: the lesser
                                                                of 10 years or term of the facility
                                                                contract for Non-Traditional
                                                                Locations.

                                                 DA: 4          Expires the earlier of (i) the date the
                                                                last Franchise Agreement is signed,
                                                                or (ii) the date the last Restaurant is
                                                                schedule to open under the
                                                                Development Schedule.
  b.     Renewal or extension                    FA: 5.02       2 additional 10-year terms.

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
