         The People of the State of California v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (California Superior Court, Los
Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09597, filed on March 19, 2019.) On March 14, 2019, our
affiliate, Dunkin Brands, Inc. (“DBI”), entered into a settlement agreement with the Attorneys
General of 13 states and jurisdictions concerning the inclusion of “no-poaching” provisions in
Dunkin’ restaurant franchise agreements. The settling states and jurisdictions included California,
Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Vermont, and the District of Columbia. A small number of franchise agreements in
the Dunkin’ system prohibit Dunkin’ franchisees from hiring the employees of other Dunkin’
franchisees and/or DBI’s employees. A larger number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’ system
contain a no-poaching provision that prevents Dunkin’ franchisees and DBI from hiring each other’s
employees. Under the terms of the settlement, DBI agreed not to enforce either version of the no-
poaching provision or assist Dunkin’s franchisees in enforcing that provision. In addition, DBI agreed
to seek the amendment of 128 franchise agreements that contain a no-poaching provision that bars a
franchisee from hiring the employees of another Dunkin’ franchisee. The effect of the amendment
would be to remove the no-poaching provision. DBI expressly denied in the settlement agreement
that it had engaged in any conduct that had violated state or federal law, and, furthermore, the
settlement agreement stated that such agreement should not be construed as an admission of law, fact,
liability, misconduct, or wrongdoing on the part of DBI. The Attorney General of the State of
California filed the above-reference lawsuit in order to place the settlement agreement in the public
record, and the action was closed after the court approved the parties’ stipulation of judgment.

        New York v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (N.Y. Supreme Court for New York County, Case No.
451787/2019, filed September 26, 2019). In this matter, the N.Y. Attorney General (“NYAG”) filed
a lawsuit against our affiliate, DBI, related to credential-stuffing cyberattacks during 2015 and 2018.
The NYAG alleged that the cyber attackers used individuals’ credentials obtained from elsewhere on
the Internet to gain access to certain information for DD Perks customers and others who had
registered a Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG further alleged that DBI failed to adequately notify
customers and to adequately investigate and disclose the security breaches, which the NYAG alleged
violated the New York laws concerning data privacy as well as unfair trade practices. On September
21, 2020, without admitting or denying the NYAG’s allegations, DBI and the NYAG entered into a
consent agreement to resolve the State’s complaint. Under the consent order, DBI agreed to pay
$650,000 in penalties and costs, issue certain notices and other types of communications to New York
customers, and maintain a comprehensive information security program through September 2026,
including precautions and response measures for credential-stuffing attacks.

         Except as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                               ITEM 4
                                            BANKRUPTCY

         No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.




Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
