                 (a)    shall not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity,
         or for the benefit of any other Person;

                (b)      shall maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information,
         and shall not disclose or divulge the Confidential Information to any unauthorized Person,
         during and after the term of the Agreement;

                (c)     shall not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential
         Information disclosed in any form (except in connection with instruction of employees in
         the operation of the Restaurant); and

                  (d)   shall adopt and implement all procedures prescribed from time to time by
         Sonic to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including
         restrictions on disclosure to employees of the Restaurant and the use of nondisclosure
         clauses in agreements with employees and others (including all Owners) who have access
         to the Confidential Information.

         10.03 Exclusions from Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
restrictions on Franchisee’s disclosure and use of the Confidential Information shall not apply to
the following:

                (a)     information, processes, or techniques which are or become generally known
         in the food service industry, other than through disclosure (whether deliberate or
         inadvertent) by Franchisee or its agents; and

                (b)     disclosure of the Confidential Information in judicial or administrative
         proceedings to the extent that Franchisee is legally compelled to disclose such information,
         provided Franchisee shall have used its best efforts, and shall have afforded Sonic the
         opportunity, to obtain an appropriate protective order or other assurance satisfactory to
         Sonic of confidential treatment for the information required to be so disclosed.

        10.04 No Information to the Public. Franchisee acknowledges that one or more of Sonic’s
Affiliates may make certain information regarding the performance of the Sonic Restaurant
network available to the public, including investors and financial analysts, in the normal course of
business. Franchisee further acknowledges that Franchisee’s own disclosure of certain information
to the public could interfere with the business of Sonic or its Affiliates. Franchisee agrees that it
will not provide to the public, or to any investor, financial analyst, or person that influences
investments, any information that might indicate the performance of the Sonic Restaurant network,
or any aspect thereof, including sales information, except that Franchisee may provide information
to attorneys, accountants, financial planners, and other professionals as required in the course of
Franchisee’s personal business or the operation of the Restaurant.

11.      ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS.

       11.01 Monthly Reports. On or before the tenth (10th) day of each month, Franchisee shall
submit to Sonic, in a form and in the manner that Sonic periodically specifies, a complete profit
and loss statement and such other financial reports as Sonic shall reasonably require from time to
                                                 20
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
