         (7)       This covers costs to build the Drive-In and develop the site, including costs for
                   construction, remodeling, leasehold improvements and decorating costs. The actual
                   costs will vary materially depending on location, size of lot and building, utilities, site
                   work and other factors. This estimate also includes the optional Site Design Fee and
                   Kitchen Layout Design Fee for a PKL or PSL that are payable to our affiliates, if you
                   request that they provide those services. Our affiliates only provide PSL services for
                   Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

         (8)       The amounts for equipment include the cost to purchase and install the recommended
                   equipment package for a Sonic Drive-In with 6 to 12 drive-in stalls, excluding the cost
                   of transportation and sales tax. The standard equipment package includes the
                   ventilation system, equipment, other fixed assets, kitchen fixtures, appliances and
                   small wares necessary to operate the Restaurant. Delivery charges for the equipment
                   package are approximately $10.00 per mile, one way. Typically, the equipment
                   installer installs and charges for the equipment installation. The sales taxes will vary
                   by location. If you choose to lease your equipment, your negotiated lease terms will
                   determine your monthly cost.

         (9)       These amounts include costs for the POS and POPS platforms for a Sonic Drive-In
                   with 6 to 12 stalls, a drive-thru lane and patio seating. It also includes additional
                   hardware and software, mobile ordering and payment processing technology, and
                   technologies required to support them. The high end for the C-Store location includes
                   the POS platform, no stalls, a drive-thru lane and inside dining. It also includes
                   additional hardware and software, mobile ordering and payment processing
                   technology, and technologies required to support them. The low end for the C-Store
                   location assumes that it will not have a drive-thru. These amounts do not include
                   electrical costs, shipping, installation or sales taxes as those may vary greatly
                   depending on the location, building configuration and number of stalls.

         (10)      The amounts for a Sonic sign purchased from an approved source varies with the size
                   and type of signs selected. You may select “enter” and “exit” signs, a “drive-thru”
                   sign if required, an optional building or tower sign and your large Sonic sign from a
                   group of standard signs containing 8 sizes and varying heights. This estimate includes
                   installation costs of at least $14,000. Amounts for additional welding, permits,
                   engineering and foundation work may also increase your cost.

         (11)      The costs for opening inventory include paper goods and food products necessary to
                   operate the Restaurant through the first 2 weeks of business. It also covers charges for
                   promotion-specific small wares and inventory.

         (12)      The insurance amounts include the estimated initial premium costs for multi-peril and
                   worker’s compensation insurance based on the recommended staffing of a Sonic
                   Drive-In with 6 to 12 drive-in stalls, a drive-thru lane and a patio. Worker’s
                   compensation costs vary by state.

         (13)      The low amount for payroll includes salaries and wages for 1 general manager, 1
                   assistant manager, and 1 one shift manager to attend the required training programs.


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
