Opening the Restaurant

        In most instances, once you have obtained required zoning and building permits, it takes
approximately 4 months to construct the building and install the equipment at the Restaurant. The
typical length of time between signing a Franchise Agreement and opening the Restaurant is
approximately 6 to 12 months. The typical length of time between signing a Development Agreement
and opening the first Sonic Restaurant is approximately 1 to 2 years. Factors that may affect these
time periods include finding a suitable building site, financing arrangements, obtaining required
zoning and building permits, the weather that prevails during construction, and labor and materials
availability.

         You may not open the Restaurant for business until (a) you have properly developed and
equipped the Restaurant according to our standards and specifications and in compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations and have prepared the Restaurant for opening according to our
standards; (b) the Restaurant’s personnel have completed all pre-opening training to our satisfaction;
(c) you have paid all amounts you then owe to us and our affiliates; and (d) we have provided our
written authorization to open. You must open the Restaurant for business on or before the earlier of
(i) the required opening date under any applicable development agreement or (ii) the date which is 1
year after we accept the Site (or the Franchise Agreement’s effective date if the Site is determined on
that date). If you fail to open on time, then we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. Within 120
days after the Restaurant first opens for business, you must provide us a report, in the format and
containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spent in
various categories relating to developing and opening the Restaurant. (Section 3.05 of the Franchise
Agreement.) If we permit you to operate the Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may
not open and begin operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation.
(Section 4(d) of the MBA)

        If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and
construct, and/or make modifications to the Restaurants layout, design, equipment and fixtures that
we periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location. You must
notify customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that
the operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant. At our
option, you may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and
other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Restaurant or only for the
business associated with the Other Restaurants. (Section 4 of the MBA)

Advertising

         Generally

        We disseminate local, regional and national advertising for Sonic Restaurants through
television, radio, digital, print and other media. We make creative available to Sonic Restaurants for
their local store marketing programs. We disseminate radio and television advertising to the
advertising cooperatives which generally cover geographic regions known as “Designated Market
Areas,” as A.C. Nielsen Company periodically defines them (“DMA”). Our in-house marketing
department works closely with the national advertising agencies and our affiliates to produce the
digital media, print, radio and television advertising for the Sonic Drive-In chain.


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
