to the Proprietary Marks apply to any additional and substitute trademarks and service marks and
related intellectual property that Sonic periodically authorizes Franchisee to use.

         9.04 Actions Involving the Proprietary Marks. Franchisee agrees to notify Sonic
promptly of any actual or apparent infringement of or challenge to Franchisee’s use of any
Proprietary Mark, or of any Person’s claim of any rights in any Proprietary Mark, and not to
communicate with any person other than Sonic, its licensor, and its and its licensor’s attorneys,
and Franchisee’s attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge or claim. Sonic or its licensor
may take the action that Sonic or it deems appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively
any litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding or other proceeding arising from any
infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark. Franchisee agrees
to sign any documents and take any other reasonable actions that Sonic specifies as necessary or
advisable to protect and maintain Sonic’s and its licensor’s interests in any proceeding or the
Proprietary Marks. At its option, Sonic or its licensor may defend and control the defense of any
litigation or proceeding relating to any Proprietary Mark.

        9.05 Innovations. All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials relating to a Sonic
Restaurant (collectively, “Innovations”), whether or not protectable intellectual property and
whether created by or for Franchisee or its Owners, employees or contractors, must be promptly
disclosed to Sonic and will be deemed to be Sonic’s sole and exclusive property, part of the Sonic
System, and works made-for-hire for Sonic. To the extent any Innovation does not qualify as a
work made-for-hire for Sonic, by this paragraph Franchisee assigns ownership of that Innovation,
and all related rights to that Innovation, to Sonic and agrees to sign (and to cause its Owners,
employees and contractors to sign) whatever assignment or other documents Sonic requests to
evidence its ownership or to help Sonic or its Affiliate obtain intellectual property rights in the
Innovation. Sonic and its Affiliates have no obligation to make any payments to Franchisee or any
other Person with respect to any Innovations. Franchisee may not use any Innovation in operating
the Restaurant or otherwise without Sonic’s prior approval.

10.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

        10.01 Sonic Confidential Information. Sonic will disclose certain Confidential
Information to Franchisee in furnishing Franchisee the Sonic Plans and Specifications, the training
programs, and the Sonic Operations Manual, and in providing guidance and assistance to
Franchisee during the term of this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges that Confidential
Information will be disclosed by Sonic through various means, including orally, in writing, and
electronically, such as on a restricted Intranet or other website.

        10.02 Franchisee’s Use of Confidential Information. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that Franchisee shall not acquire any interest in the Confidential Information, other than the
right to utilize it in the development and operation of the Restaurant during the term of this
Agreement, and that the use or duplication of the Confidential Information in any other business
would constitute an unfair method of competition. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the
Confidential Information is proprietary to Sonic (or its Affiliate), may constitute trade secrets of
Sonic (or its Affiliate), and is disclosed to Franchisee solely on the condition that Franchisee
agrees, and Franchisee does hereby agree, that Franchisee:

                                                 19
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
