         previously included in Gross Sales; (b) the price of merchandise returned by customers for
         exchange, if you previously included the sales price of the merchandise returned by the
         customer in Gross Sales and includes the sales price of merchandise delivered to the customer
         in exchange in Gross Sales; (c) the amount of any sales tax imposed by any governmental
         authority directly on sales and collected from customers, if you add the amount of the tax to
         the sales price or absorbs the amount of the sales tax in the sales price and you actually pay
         the tax to the governmental authority; (d) amounts not received for menu items because of
         discounts or coupons, if properly documented; (e) amounts received from the sale of Sonic-
         approved stored-value cards; and (f) any proceeds received for the sale of the Restaurant.

         If you fail to provide us with complete Gross Sales reports or other financial reports on a
         timely basis for any period, then you must pay us (or we may debit your account for) an
         amount equal to 120% of the last royalty fees, contributions to the SMF, SBF and BTF, and
         other amounts that you previously paid us (or we debited). If the amounts that you pay us (or
         we debit from your account) are less than the amounts you actually owe us, as calculated once
         we have determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales, you must pay us (or we will debit
         your account for) the balance, plus the interest and 10% administrative fee, on the day we
         specify. If the amounts that you pay (or we debit from your account) are greater than the
         amounts you actually owe us, as calculated once we have determined the Restaurant’s actual
         Gross Sales, we will credit the excess (without interest) against the amounts you otherwise
         owe us during the following period(s).

(4)      We currently collect certain amounts from you for the System Marketing Fund (“SMF”) and
         your advertising cooperative, based on the market in which your Traditional Drive-In
         operates. We determine (and may periodically modify) new, developing and core markets in
         our sole judgment, and we currently consider factors such as the penetration of the market
         (people per drive-in) and the tenure of the Sonic Restaurants in the market. We may
         periodically modify the amount we require for advertising cooperative and SMF contributions,
         but we will not require contributions of more than 5% of Gross Sales (although the advertising
         cooperative can vote to require additional contributions).

                                          Allocation (as percent of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales)
          Drive-in Market Type*        Allocated to Cooperative                Allocated to SMF
          Core                                   0.5%                            2.75% to 4.5%
          Developing                             0.5%                                4.5%
          New                                    None                                 5%

         The cooperative for your Restaurant’s market might also require you to contribute additional
         amounts, either directly or through our collections. If your Sonic Drive-In is located in a
         Designated Market Area (DMA) that does not have an approved advertising cooperative, you
         must promptly form an advertising cooperative for that DMA. Company Drive-Ins have the
         same voting rights in each advertising cooperative as Franchise Drive-Ins, that is, 1 vote per
         drive-in in good standing. Each cooperative determines, by majority vote (but subject to our
         approval), how to spend its allocated portion of funds for advertising and marketing in the
         local DMA. For advertising cooperatives in which Company Drive-Ins currently have
         controlling voting power (50% or more of the member drive-ins), the total maximum required
         contribution rate is 5% of Gross Sales.


Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
