                                 SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Organization and Operations

     Sonic Industries Services LLC, formerly known as Sonic Industries Services Inc., (collectively, with its subsidiaries, the
     "Company") is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic LLC and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic Holding
     Company ("Sonic" or “Parent"). Sonic is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp. ("IRB") which is an
     indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Inspire Brands, Inc. ("Inspire"), the ultimate parent. The Company has material
     transactions with Sonic, Inspire and subsidiaries of both ("Affiliates").

     On December 31, 2022 the Company was converted from a corporation into a limited liability company. At the time of the
     conversion, all authorized and outstanding common shares were converted to membership units in the limited liability
     company, which in the aggregate constitutes all of the outstanding limited liability company interests as of the years ended
     December 31, 2023 and December 29, 2024.

     The Company provides franchising services to a chain of quick-service restaurants in the United States ("U.S."). Revenues
     are derived primarily from royalty fees from franchisees and Affiliates. The Company also leases real estate to franchisees
     and Affiliates.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Principles of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
     accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
     Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
     periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Fiscal Year

     The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
     referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024," (2) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023"
     and (3) "the year ended January 1, 2023" or "2022." The years 2024, 2023, and 2022 consisted of 52 weeks.

     Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

     The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
     maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company maintained
     balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
     months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.

     The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
     restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.

     The Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents interest, principal, and commitment fee reserves related to
     the Company’s notes. In accordance with the Company’s securitized financing facilities, certain cash balances are required
     to be held for the benefit of the noteholders and are restricted in their use.




                                                                  7
