       1.10 Related Agreements. “Related Agreements” means this Agreement, the Existing
Franchise Agreement, all other Sonic Franchise Agreements, and all other agreements between
Sonic (or its Affiliate) and Developer (or its Owners or Affiliate) relating to any Sonic Restaurant.

        1.11 Sonic System. “Sonic System” means the Sonic Restaurant franchise system, as
Sonic may periodically modify it, which now includes, among other things, the following
elements, all or some of which may be deleted, changed, improved, or further developed by Sonic
from time to time: (a) Proprietary Marks; (b) proprietary and confidential information, including
information in the Sonic Operations Manual; (c) methods and procedures for the preparation of
food and beverage products; (d) confidential recipes for food and beverage products; (e) distinctive
service accessories, including uniforms, menus, packages, containers, and additional paper or
plastic items; (f) plans and specifications for distinctive standardized premises, including exterior
style, color scheme, designs, layouts, interior furnishings and signage (whether copyrighted or
not); (g) methods, techniques, formats, systems, specifications, procedures, information, trade
secrets, and sales and marketing programs; (h) methods of business operations and management;
(i) marketing techniques and materials; (j) knowledge and experience regarding the operation and
franchising of Sonic Restaurants; and (k) payment methods, including the pay-at-your-stall
payment system (“PAYS”).

2.       DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS; BUSINESS ENTITY DEVELOPER.

       2.01 Grant of Development Rights. Sonic hereby grants Developer and/or any
Controlled Affiliates the right, and Developer assumes the obligation, to sign Sonic Franchise
Agreements (defined below) to develop and operate the number of Sonic Restaurants identified on
Exhibit A (including the Sonic Restaurant covered by the Existing Agreement, collectively, the
“Developer Restaurants”) according to a development schedule identified on Exhibit A (the
“Development Schedule”), and within a geographic area identified on Exhibit B (the
“Development Area”).

        2.02 Development Schedule. Developer agrees to comply with the Development
Schedule. Time is of the essence for the development of each Sonic Restaurant in accordance with
the Development Schedule. Each Sonic Restaurant must be developed and operated pursuant to a
separate Sonic Franchise Agreement that Developer or a Controlled Affiliate signs with Sonic
pursuant to Section 6 below. To retain its rights under this Agreement, Developer (or its Controlled
Affiliate) must operate each Developer Restaurant pursuant to the terms of the applicable Sonic
Franchise Agreements continuously throughout their terms.

         2.03 Business Entity Developer. If Developer is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other business entity, Developer shall comply with the following provisions:

                (a)     Organizational Documents. Developer’s certificate of incorporation and
         bylaws, partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, articles of
         organization and operating agreement, or similar governing documents (collectively,
         “Organizational Documents”), as applicable, shall provide that this Agreement restricts the
         issuance and transfer of any Ownership Interests in Developer, and all certificates and other

                                                  3
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-1
Number 25 Development Agreement
1616246401.2
