time, for the previous month immediately ended, or for such other time period as may be
designated by Sonic.

        11.02 Annual Reports. Franchisee further agrees to submit, within ninety (90) days
following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s operation, a profit and loss statement
covering operations during such fiscal year and the balance sheet taken as of the close of such
fiscal year, in a form and in the manner that Sonic periodically specifies.

        11.03 Record Retention. Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of
the Restaurant and its business for at least three (3) years (or such longer period as applicable law
may require) in a manner and form satisfactory to Sonic and shall also deliver such additional
financial, operating, and other information and reports as Sonic may reasonably request on the
forms and in the manner periodically prescribed by Sonic.

         11.04 Audit by Sonic. Sonic shall have the right to inspect and audit Franchisee’s
accounts, books, records, and tax returns at all times during and after the term of this Agreement.
If such inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee,
Franchisee shall immediately pay Sonic: (a) the additional royalty fee, brand fee, technology fee,
advertising expenditures and other amounts due with respect to those additional Gross Sales; (b)
interest on all unpaid amounts (from the original due date) at a rate equal to that provided by
Section 7.04; and (c) a ten percent (10%) surcharge on all unpaid amounts to cover Sonic’s
additional administrative costs and expenses. If such inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually
exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Franchisee’s Gross Sales by an amount equal to
three percent (3%) or more, then Franchisee shall also bear the cost of such inspection and audit
at rates and fees customarily charged by Sonic for such auditing and inspecting services and duties.

       11.05 Third-Party Audit. If Sonic has reason to believe that Franchisee may not have
reported all of its Gross Sales on an accurate and timely basis, then Sonic may require Franchisee
to have its profit and loss statement and balance sheet certified by an independent public
accountant and delivered to Sonic. Franchisee shall at its expense cause a Certified Public
Accountant to consult with Sonic concerning such statement and balance sheet.

        11.06 Franchisee’s Failure to Timely Deliver Financial Records. If Franchisee fails to
provide Sonic with complete Gross Sales reports or other financial reports on a timely basis for
any period as required by this Agreement, then Franchisee shall pay Sonic (or Sonic may debit
Franchisee’s account for) an amount equal to one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the last
royalty fees, contributions to the SMF, SBF and BTF (each as defined in Section 12 below), and
other amounts that Franchisee previously paid Sonic (or Sonic debited). If the amounts that
Franchisee pays Sonic (or Sonic debits from Franchisee’s account) are less than the amounts
Franchisee actually owes Sonic, as calculated once Sonic has determined the Restaurant’s actual
Gross Sales, Franchisee shall pay Sonic (or Sonic will debit Franchisee’s account for) the balance,
plus the amounts due under Section 7.04, on the day Sonic specifies. If the amounts that Franchisee
pays Sonic (or Sonic debits from Franchisee’s account) are greater than the amounts Franchisee
actually owes Sonic, as calculated once Sonic has determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales,
Sonic will credit the excess (without interest) against the amounts Franchisee otherwise owes
Sonic during the following period(s).

                                                 21
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
