“Development Area”) according to a specified schedule (the “Development Schedule”). You (or your
Controlled Affiliate) will sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement for each Sonic
Restaurant developed in the Development Area, which currently is the Number 25 Franchise
Agreement included in this disclosure document but in the future could differ from that form.
However, the initial franchise fee will be $15,000 and the royalty will be the standard tiered royalty
rate reflected in Item 6 under each Franchise Agreement that the Development Agreement covers. A
“Controlled Affiliate” is a corporation, limited liability company or other entity of which you (or your
owners) both own more than 50% of the ownership interests and have the unilateral authority to direct
and control the entity’s management and policies.

Multi-Brand Locations

       We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International,
Inc., Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC, and Jimmy John’s
Franchisor SPV, LLC (each an “Other Franchisor”) whereby we, together with the applicable Other
Franchisor(s), may offer certain qualified franchisees the right to develop and operate a Sonic
Restaurant at the same location as, and in combination with, an Arby’s® restaurant, Buffalo Wild
Wings® Sports Bar, BWW GO® restaurant, Dunkin’® restaurant, Baskin-Robbins® restaurant,
and/or Jimmy John’s® restaurant (collectively, the “Other Restaurants” and together with a Sonic
Restaurant, the “Multi-Brand Location”).

       Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under
the Proprietary Marks and Sonic system, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other
Franchisor(s). The Sonic Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand
Location may require separate point of sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for
each restaurant.

         To operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate) must (i)
enter into a Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this disclosure
document as Exhibit B-4 (the “Multi-Brand Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of a
Sonic Restaurant, and (ii) enter into a franchise or license agreement and multi-brand addendum for
the applicable Other Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other Franchisor for the operation of the
Other Restaurant (collectively, each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We will not grant you the
right to operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable Other Franchisor
grants you the right to operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to be operated
at a Multi-Brand Location. The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering, franchise
agreement or license agreement, and related agreements are disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s
franchise disclosure document, which you must obtain from that Other Franchisor.

       Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures in this disclosure document apply to the Sonic
Restaurants that are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.

The Market and Competition

       The general market for Sonic Restaurants is the frequent fast-food consumer, a highly
developed and very competitive market. As a Sonic franchisee, you will have to compete with
numerous other businesses offering similar food items, including an unknown number of
individually-owned, quick-service restaurants.

Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
