                                    SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Amounts of finance leases are recognized based on the present value of future unpaid lease payments over the lease term.
     Lease cost for finance leases includes the amortization of the finance lease asset, which is amortized on a straight-line basis
     and recorded to "Depreciation and amortization,," and interest expense on the finance lease liability, which is calculated
     using the effective interest method and recorded to "Interest expense." Finance lease assets are amortized over the shorter of
     their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including periods covered by renewal options that the
     Company is reasonably assured of exercising.

     Fair Value Measurements

     The Company’s financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, note receivable,
     accounts payable, and long-term debt. The fair value of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, note
     receivable and accounts payable approximates book value due to their short-term nature. The carrying values of goodwill
     and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if an event occurs that indicates
     an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs (Level 3) if a quantitative
     impairment testing approach is taken. Asset groups containing other definite-lived assets are tested for impairment if an
     event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs.
     The Company has not changed the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities
     during 2024.

     For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
     measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
     independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
     the following hierarchy:

             Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

             Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
             assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
             significant value drivers are observable.

             Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little,
             if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
             management judgment or estimation.

     The Company reviewed all other newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they either are not applicable
     to the Company's operations or that no material effect is expected on the Company's consolidated financial statements when
     adoption is required in the future.

3.   SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION

     Accounts receivable, net consist of the following:

     (dollars in thousands)                                                                           2024                 2023
     Royalties and fees                                                                        $             21,872    $      21,894
     Gift cards                                                                                               7,798               7,674
     Other                                                                                                    1,927               1,026
       Accounts receivable, gross                                                                            31,597           30,594
     Allowance for credit losses                                                                             (3,586)          (2,722)
       Accounts receivable, net                                                                $             28,011    $      27,872




                                                                   11
