Thru Only Location” is any permanent Sonic Restaurant facility (other than a Non-Drive-In
Location or Non-Traditional Location) that is a free-standing building devoted solely to operating
the Sonic Restaurant from a drive-thru only facility and does not have drive-in, drive-up, dine-in,
or carry out capabilities (except for any orders through the Sonic® mobile ordering app or third
party delivery apps).

        4.      Pioneer Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is being
sign in connection with the first person developing two or more restaurants in the District of
Columbia, Maine, New Hampshire, or Vermont] Because we and you are signing this Amendment
before March 31, 2026 to develop two or more New Commitments that will be located within
District of Columbia, Maine, New Hampshire, or Vermont (the “Pioneer Incentive Territory”),
each New Commitment you develop under the Development Schedule and located within the
Pioneer Incentive Territory will receive the benefits of our “Pioneer Incentive” program, if you (a)
when you open the Restaurant, you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the
Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including
the Development Agreement, (b) open and begin operating that Restaurant in the Pioneer Incentive
Territory in accordance with the Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement
on or before the deadline in the Development Schedule, (c) provide to us a report, in the format
and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend
in various categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days
after the Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) build that Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location approved by us in accordance with the Development Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreement. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a)
through (d) above, the Pioneer Incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). If you meet
the requirements of the Pioneer Incentive program for the first and/or second New Commitment
you open in the Pioneer Incentive Territory, then we agree to credit an amount equal to $50,000
towards the royalty fees owed under the Franchise Agreement for that New Commitment.

        5.      Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the New Restaurant
Opening set forth above, then for each Franchise Agreement that is executed for an Incentive
Commitment in compliance with the Development Agreement, and you open and begin operating
the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement before the Applicable Opening
Deadline, then the royalty fee will be zero percent (0%) from the date you open the Restaurant
until the Applicable Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), then the applicable
royalty rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Applicable Opening Deadline,
the Early Opening Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.

        6. VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 and
you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate
that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies and
signs the Development Agreement to develop two or more New Commitments, each New
Commitment you develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our
“VetFran Program” incentive if (a) you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the
Development Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates,
including the applicable Franchise Agreement, (b) you open and begin operating that Restaurant
                                                   4
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-2
Incentive Amendment to the Development Agreement
1616246396.5
