Sonic Franchise Agreement, its terms and conditions will control the development and operation
of the Developer Restaurant.

         6.03 Form of Sonic Franchise Agreement. The franchise agreement and related
documents that Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) signs for each Developer Restaurant (other
than the Sonic Restaurant developed under the Existing Franchise Agreement) will be the form
franchise agreement and any ancillary agreements that Sonic then customarily uses in granting
franchises for Sonic Restaurants (collectively, the “Sonic Franchise Agreement”), any or all of the
terms of which may differ substantially from the terms contained in the Existing Franchise
Agreement, except that, for each Sonic Franchise Agreement other than the Existing Franchise
Agreement: (a) the initial franchise fee will be Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000), and Sonic
will apply Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) of the Development Fee, as applicable, towards the
initial franchise fee owed under that Sonic Franchise Agreement; and (b) the royalty fee rate(s)
under the Sonic Franchise Agreement will be (i) two percent (2%) of the first $5,000 of the
Developer Restaurant’s monthly gross sales (as defined in the applicable Sonic Franchise
Agreement), (ii) three percent (3%) of the Developer Restaurant’s monthly gross sales from $5,000
to $10,000, (iii) three and one-half percent (3.5%) of the Developer Restaurant’s monthly gross
sales from $10,000 to $15,000, (iv) four percent (4%) of the Developer Restaurant’s monthly gross
sales from $15,000 to $20,000, (v) four and one-half percent (4.5%) of the Developer Restaurant’s
monthly gross sales from $20,000 to $25,000, and (vi) five percent (5%) of the Developer
Restaurant’s monthly gross sales above $25,000.

7.      NO SUBLICENSING OR RIGHT TO USE PROPRIETARY MARKS. This Agreement
does not grant Developer any right to license others to operate Sonic Restaurants. Only Developer
(and its approved Controlled Affiliates) may develop Sonic Restaurants pursuant to this
Agreement and only under Sonic Franchise Agreements with Sonic. This Agreement does not
grant Developer any right to use, or authorize others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner.
Developer’s right to use the Proprietary Marks arises only under Sonic Franchise Agreements with
Sonic. Sonic’s Affiliate owns all rights to the Proprietary Marks, and Developer’s unauthorized
use of the Proprietary Marks is an infringement of Sonic’s and its Affiliate’s rights and a breach
of this Agreement. In all public records and in its relationship with other Persons, Developer shall
indicate clearly the independent ownership of Developer’s business and that the operations of that
business are separate and distinct from the operation of Sonic’s business.

8.       TRANSFER.

        8.01 Transfer by Developer. The rights and duties created by this Agreement are
personal to Developer (or its Owners), and Sonic has granted the rights under this Agreement to
Developer in reliance on the collective character, skill, aptitude, and business and financial
capacity of Developer and its Owners. Accordingly, neither this Agreement (or any rights or
obligations under or interest in this Agreement), the business that Developer operates under this
Agreement, or any Ownership Interest in Developer or its Owners, may be transferred without
Sonic’s prior written approval, which approval (if Sonic in its sole judgment provides that
approval) will be subject to the satisfaction for the conditions for transfer that Sonic then specifies
(in its sole judgment). Any transfer without Sonic’s required approval is a breach of this
Agreement and has no effect.
                                                   7
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. C-1
Number 25 Development Agreement
1616246401.2
