reliance upon, and that the operation of the Franchised Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement
is dependent on and inextricably connected with, Franchisee’s (or its Co-Operators) operation of
the Other Restaurants pursuant to and in compliance with the Other Franchise Agreements.
Therefore:

                 (a)     Franchisee agrees to comply (or to cause Co-Operators to comply) with the
          Other Franchise Agreements in connection with the development and operation of the
          Other Restaurants (including with respect to paying amounts owed and complying with all
          applicable laws) and agrees that Franchisee’s (or any Co-Operator’s) failure to comply with
          any Other Franchise Agreement shall constitute a breach of, and a default under, the
          Franchise Agreement.

                  (b)     upon any proposed transfer (as defined in the Franchise Agreement, if
          applicable) involving any direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee or all or
          substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant, in addition to the conditions for
          Franchisor’s approval of that transfer under the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor may
          condition its consent to that transfer on the simultaneous transfer to the applicable assignee
          of other rights, obligations, assets and/or other interests associated with the Other
          Restaurants. Likewise, Franchisee (or, if applicable, its Co-Operators) may not transfer any
          direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee’s affiliate or all or substantially all of the
          assets of the Other Restaurants without the simultaneous transfer to the applicable assignee
          of other rights, obligations, assets and/or other interests associated with the Franchised
          Restaurant, which transfer shall be subject to Franchisor’s approval under the Franchise
          Agreement.

                 (c)      Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement, effective upon delivery
          of written notice to Franchisee, if any Other Franchise Agreement expires (without a
          renewal or successor franchise with the Other Franchisors) or terminates (regardless of the
          reason), or if Franchisee (or, if applicable, Co-Operators) abandons or otherwise ceases to
          operate any Other Restaurant for any reason.

                  (d)     Franchisor acknowledges that certain post-termination obligations under
          the Franchise Agreement relating to Franchisor’s right to acquire certain assets of the
          Franchised Restaurant and/or the lease for the Franchised Restaurant’s premises may
          conflict with similar requirements under the Other Franchise Agreements, and in that case
          Franchisee agrees to comply (and, if applicable, to cause its Co-Operators to comply) with
          the requirements that Franchisor reasonably specifies.

       9.       Miscellaneous. This Addendum is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the
Franchise Agreement. Except as amended by this Addendum, the Franchise Agreement will
continue in full force and effect. The recitals to this Addendum are a part of this Addendum, which,
together with the Franchise Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Franchisor and
Franchisee, and there are no oral or other written understandings, representations or agreements
between Franchisor and Franchisee, relating to the subject matter of this Addendum. No
modification, change or alteration of this Addendum shall be effective unless in writing and
executed by Franchisor and Franchisee. The words “include,” “including,” and words of similar
import shall be interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the terms following such
                                                      4
2025 Inspire Brands’ Multi-Brand Addendum
1616246400.2
