         and warranties as to ownership and condition of, and title to, assets, liens and encumbrances
         on assets, validity of contracts and agreements, and liabilities affecting the assets,
         contingent or otherwise, and indemnities for all actions, events and conditions that existed
         or occurred in connection with the Restaurant or Franchisee’s business prior to the closing
         of the purchase. At the closing, Franchisee agrees to deliver instruments transferring to
         Sonic: (i) good and merchantable title to the Restaurant Assets, free and clear of all liens
         and encumbrances, with all sales and transfer taxes paid by Franchisee; and (ii) all of the
         Restaurant’s licenses and permits which may be assigned or transferred. If Franchisee
         cannot deliver clear title to all of the Restaurant Assets, or if there are other unresolved
         issues, the sale will be closed through an escrow. Franchisee and its Owners further agree
         to sign general releases, in a form satisfactory to Sonic, of any and all claims against Sonic
         and its Affiliates and its and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents,
         representatives, successors and assigns.

                 (f)    Sonic may assign its option under this Section 16.03 to any Person (who
         may be Sonic’s Affiliate), and that Person will have all of the rights and obligations under
         this Section 16.03.

       16.04 Continuing Obligations. The covenants set forth in this Section 16 and Section
17.03, and all of Sonic’s and Franchisee’s (and its Owners’) other obligations under this
Agreement which expressly or by their nature survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination,
will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding its expiration or
termination and until these obligations are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.

17.      COVENANTS.

        17.01 Best Efforts. During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall use best efforts
to promote the business of the Restaurant and devote Franchisee’s full time, energies, and attention
to the operation and management of the Restaurant, and shall not engage in any other business or
activity that might detract from, interfere with, or be detrimental to the Proprietary Marks or
Franchisee’s full and timely performance under this Agreement (except the ownership and
operation of other Sonic Restaurants under franchise agreements with Sonic).

        17.02 Restrictions During the Term. Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic has granted
Franchisee the Franchise and the other rights under this Agreement in consideration of and reliance
upon Franchisee’s and its Owners’ agreement to deal exclusively with Sonic in connection with
the food and beverage products that Sonic Restaurants emphasize and the drive-in concept.
Franchisee therefore agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, neither Franchisee nor any of
its Owners, nor any member of any of their Immediate Families (excluding children and
stepchildren over twenty-one (21) years of age) will, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries:

                 (a)     engage in, provide services (as a director, officer, employee, agent,
         representative, or consultant) to, acquire any ownership, financial or other beneficial
         interest (including equity interests in business entities) in, loan money to, or become a
         landlord of, any Competitive Business (defined below), wherever located or operating;

                                                   37
Sonic | 2025 FDD Ex. B-1
Number 25 Franchise Agreement
1616246392.2
