                   The high amount for payroll includes salaries and wages for 1 manager, 2 assistant
                   managers, and 3 one shift managers to attend the required training programs.

         (14)      The amounts for additional funds exclude the expenses itemized above and include the
                   other initial start-up and the first 3 months of operational expenses for uniforms, office
                   supplies, cleaning supplies and utensils. These figures are estimates, and we cannot
                   guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting your business. Your
                   costs will depend on factors such as how diligently you follow our methods and
                   procedures, your management skill, economic conditions, and local competition and
                   the market for your Restaurant’s products.

         (15)      The estimates in this table reflect a leased scenario for the Traditional Free-Standing
                   Restaurant building type, a leased scenario for the Non-Drive-In Location building
                   type (not including Drive-Thru Only Locations), and a leased Drive-Thru Only
                   Location. These ranges do not reflect costs to construct a new building and do not
                   reflect costs to construct a Non-Traditional Location.

         (16)      We relied on our, our affiliates’, and our predecessors’ approximately 70 years of
                   experience in developing, operating and franchising Sonic Restaurants since to prepare
                   the estimate for additional funds and other estimates in these tables. You should
                   review these figures carefully with a business advisor, your accountant and/or your
                   attorney before deciding to acquire the franchise. The estimate does not include any
                   finance charge, interest, or debt service obligation. Except for the security deposit
                   under a real property lease, which typically is refundable if you comply with the lease’s
                   terms, none of the payments is likely to be refundable, although this may depend on
                   your negotiations with others. Neither we nor our affiliates offer financing for any
                   part of the initial investment. The availability and terms of financing depend on many
                   factors, including the availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness and
                   collateral and the lending policies of financial institutions from which you request a
                   loan.

         (17)      The Drive-Thru Only, End Cap & Inline (“DTO, End Cap & Inline”) incentive
                   program is designed to increase the presence of drive-thru only, end cap, and inline
                   Sonic Traditional Restaurants. You may qualify for the Drive-Thru Only, End Cap &
                   Inline (“DTO, End Cap & Inline”) incentive program if you sign a new Franchise
                   Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and open the DTO Incentive
                   Restaurant (defined below) on or before December 31, 2027, and such DTO Incentive
                   Restaurant had not received site approval as of the Issuance Date of the FDD. You
                   may also qualify for the DTO, End Cap & Inline incentive program if you sign a new
                   Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to develop and open 1 or more
                   DTO Incentive Restaurant at a drive-thru only, end cap or inline locations on or before
                   December 31, 2027. Lastly, you may also qualify for the DTO, End Cap & Inline
                   incentive program if you amend your existing Development Agreement to add one or
                   more new DTO Incentive Restaurant(s) to your development schedule to develop and
                   open 1 or more DTO Incentive Restaurant at a drive-thru only, end cap or inline
                   locations on or before December 31, 2027, and such DTO Incentive Restaurant(s) had
                   not received site approval as of the issuance date of this disclosure document. A “DTO
                   Incentive Restaurant” means a Sonic® restaurant located at a Drive-Thru Only
Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
