    businesses and three franchised Vitro Express businesses in Canada, and one company-owned
    VitroPlus business and one company-owned VitroPlus/Ziebart business in Canada; (viii) 31
    franchised Docteur du Pare Brise businesses and two company-owned Docteur du Pare Brise
    businesses in Canada; (ix) 11 franchised Go! Glass & Accessories businesses and no franchised
    Go! Glass business in Canada, and 8 company-owned Go! Glass & Accessories businesses and
    no company-owned Go! Glass businesses in Canada; and (x) 8 franchised Star Auto Glass
    businesses and no company-owned Star Auto Glass businesses in Canada.

            In January 2022, Driven Brands acquired Auto Glass Now’s repair locations. As of
    December 28, 2024, there were more than 224 repair locations operating under the
    AUTOGLASSNOW® name in the United States (“AGN Repair Locations”). AGN Repair
    Locations offer auto glass calibration and windshield repair and replacement services. In the
    future, AGN Repair Locations may offer products and services to Driven Brands’ affiliates and
    their franchisees in the United States, and/or Driven Brands may decide to offer franchises for
    AGN Repair Locations in the United States.

       ServiceMaster Systems LLC is the direct parent company to three franchisors operating five
franchise brands in the United States: Merry Maids SPE LLC (“Merry Maids”), ServiceMaster
Clean/Restore SPE LLC (“ServiceMaster”) and Two Men and a Truck SPE LLC (“Two Men and a
Truck”). Merry Maids and ServiceMaster became Affiliated Programs through an acquisition in
December 2020. Two Men and a Truck became an Affiliated Program through an acquisition on
August 3, 2021.The three franchisors have a principal place of business at One Glenlake Parkway,
Suite 1400, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 and have never offered franchises in any other line of business.

          Merry Maids franchises residential house cleaning businesses under the Merry Maids®
    mark. Merry Maids’ predecessor began business and started offering franchises in 1980. As of
    December 31, 2024, there were 796 Merry Maid franchises in the United States.

            ServiceMaster franchises (i) businesses that provide disaster restoration and heavy-duty
    cleaning services to residential and commercial customers under the ServiceMaster Restore®
    mark and (ii) businesses that provide contracted janitorial services and other cleaning and
    maintenance services under the ServiceMaster Clean® mark. ServiceMaster’s predecessor began
    offering franchises in 1952. As of December 31, 2024, there were 585 ServiceMaster Clean
    franchises, and 1,995 ServiceMaster Restore franchises in the United States.

            Two Men and a Truck franchises (i) businesses that provide moving services and related
    products and services, including packing, unpacking and the sale of boxes and packing materials
    under the Two Men and a Truck® mark and (ii) businesses that provide junk removal services
    under the Two Men and a Junk Truck™ mark. Two Men and a Truck’s predecessor began
    offering moving franchises in February 1989. Two Men and a Truck began offering Two Men
    and a Junk Truck franchises in 2023. As of December 31, 2024, there were 339 Two Men and a
    Truck franchises and three company-owned Two Men and a Truck businesses in the United
    States. As of December 31, 2024, there were 62 Two Men and a Junk Truck franchises in the
    United States.




Sonic | 2025 FDD
1616246384.8
