                         (iii) Obtaining or renewing all RAL/RAC facilitator state licenses or
               registrations, as required by Franchisee Applicable Law for a particular Franchise
               Location, before making available Financial Products in such Franchise Location;
               and

                         (iv) Providing RAC/RAL facilitator disclosures to Applicants, to the
               extent required by Franchisee Applicable Law.

                (d)    Franchisee will be deemed to have complied with Applicable Law with
       respect to the Program by following the training materials and reasonable instructions of
       Pathward, or EFS as program manager for Pathward. Franchisee will not make, nor is
       Franchisee expected to make, any determination or interpretation of Applicable Law as it
       relates to the Program with the exception of Franchisee Applicable Law.

        Section 3.3 Franchisee to Offer Pathward's Financial Products. Franchisee will not
offer and distribute any financial products through a federally insured depository institution other
than Pathward in Franchise Locations, except as permitted by EFS. EFS will not permit Franchisee
to offer and distribute any financial products in Franchise Locations that EFS and its Affiliates
would not be permitted to offer in Company Locations pursuant to the terms of the PMA.

                                        ARTICLE 4
                                SUPERVISION; AUDIT RIGHTS

         Section 4.1 Supervision and Regulation. Franchisee acknowledges that the Applicable
Federal Regulator has authority to regulate and examine, and to take enforcement action against,
Franchisee with respect to the Program activities that Franchisee performs for Pathward, to the
fullest extent provided by Applicable Law. As provided by Applicable Law, Franchisee
acknowledges that it (a) is subject to the control and supervision of the appropriate regional office
and the Washington, D.C. headquarters of the Applicable Federal Regulator, with respect to the
Program activities that Franchisee performs for Pathward; and (b) would be an "institution-
affiliated party" (as defined in 12 U.S.C. § 1813(u)) if, in connection with the Program, it
knowingly or recklessly participated in a violation of Applicable Law, or an unsafe or unsound
practice, that was reasonably expected to cause significant loss to, or have a materially adverse
effect on, Pathward, and, in such case, would be subject to administrative enforcement action by
the Applicable Federal Regulator. Franchisee authorizes EFS to share information in the
possession of EFS and/or its Affiliates relating to the Franchisee that is reasonably requested by
Pathward to facilitate Franchisee's offering of Financial Products, including information requested
for OFAC or other regulatory purposes.

       Section 4.2     Access to Franchise Locations; Audit Rights.

               (a)     Audit of Franchisee. Upon reasonable advance notice, subject to the
       confidentiality provisions set forth in this Franchise Distribution Agreement, Franchisee
       agrees to provide to the internal and external auditors and personnel of Pathward and EFS,
       reasonable access to the facilities, records and personnel of Franchisee to conduct, at the
       auditing Party's expense, a review or audit during normal business hours, in a manner
       designed to be least disruptive and no more than once per year (unless otherwise required
       by a Governmental Authority or as permitted by Section 4.2(b) (Franchisee Corrective
                                                 15
                                                            2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit I-3
