        display the signs at and in the Franchised Business in the manner specified by H&R Block. The
        signs will be provided without charge, but Franchisee will be responsible for any expenses related
        to personal-property taxes, freight, installation, or removal. Franchisee will also be responsible for
        any maintenance charges related to the signs or alternative elements described below. H&R Block
        may require Franchisee to remove or replace any signs previously provided by H&R Block. H&R
        Block will loan to Franchisee any replacement signage that it considers necessary free of charge;
        however, Franchisee will be responsible for any expenses related to personal property taxes, freight,
        installation, removal, or maintenance. Franchisee will at all times maintain the signs in a safe and
        working order.

                (B)      If H&R Block determines that its standard signs are not appropriate for an
        Approved Location, Franchisee will cooperate with H&R Block to develop alternative signs for the
        Approved Location. All obligations described in Section 7.8(A) of this Agreement with respect to
        the standard interior and exterior signs will apply to the alternative signs. H&R Block may require
        Franchisee to remove or replace any signs previously provided by H&R Block.

                 (C)    If Franchisee fails to timely install, remove, or maintain signs after receiving
        reasonable notice from H&R Block to do so, H&R Block may perform the work, and Franchisee
        will reimburse H&R Block for its costs within 30 days of H&R Block’s request for reimbursement.

                 (D)    Franchisee will hold no title or ownership interest in any signs provided to
        Franchisee by H&R Block. Franchisee will not allow any lien or other encumbrance to be placed
        on the signs and will at no time claim title or any other ownership interest in them.

8.      Computer Equipment, Software, and the H&R Block System.

         8.1     Computers and Computer-Related Equipment. Franchisee will, at its sole expense,
equip each Approved Location with computers and computer-related equipment and software that meet the
Technology Standards set forth by H&R Block or an affiliate of H&R Block. H&R Block may require
Franchisee to purchase or lease computers, computer-related equipment, and software licenses from or
through H&R Block, an affiliate of H&R Block, or a third-party vendor that are compatible with the H&R
Block System. Franchisee will use its computers and computer-related equipment and software in the
manner specified by H&R Block or its affiliate (including the input of all sales of the Franchised Business)
and, at Franchisee’s expense, repair, upgrade, or replace the computers and computer-related equipment
and software to meet then-current Technology Standards set forth by H&R Block or its affiliate. Except
for tax preparation and electronic filing software that H&R Block or its affiliate may provide to Franchisee,
Franchisee will pay all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the use of computers and computer-
related equipment and software in the Franchised Business. H&R Block will have no obligation to provide
any services, equipment, software, or other items relating to computers not specifically set forth in this
Agreement.

          8.2     Tax Preparation Software. H&R Block or an affiliate of H&R Block may provide
Franchisee with software specifically designed for, among other things, the preparation and electronic filing
of tax returns. If H&R Block offers to provide Franchisee with software, Franchisee will enter into a license
agreement and terms of use for the software containing the terms H&R Block or its affiliate may prescribe,
and use the software as directed by H&R Block or its affiliate in the operation of the Franchised Business.
Without H&R Block’s written permission, Franchisee will not install or use any non-H&R Block tax
preparation or electronic filing software in the Franchised Business. Any tax preparation or electronic filing
software provided to Franchisee by H&R Block, or its affiliate will remain the property of H&R Block or
its affiliate and will be used only in accordance with applicable license agreements and terms of use. H&R


                                                     10
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
