        "Accountholder Data" means all Personally Identifiable Information regarding an
Accountholder received by, or on behalf of, Pathward or by EFS in connection with a Financial
Product, or obtained by or on behalf of Pathward or EFS in connection with an Account but does
not include HRB Customer Data or Pathward Customer Data.

        "Affiliate" means any Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, (a) owns or controls another Person, (b) is owned or controlled by another Person,
or (c) is under common control or ownership with another Person, and "ownership" means the
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the equity securities of a Person, or,
in the case of a Person that is not a corporation, more than 50% of the voting or equity interest of
such Person.

        "Applicable Federal Regulator" means the OCC or any other federal financial institution
regulatory agency that supervises and regulates Pathward, such as the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

        "Applicable Law" means all federal, state and local laws, common laws, statutes,
regulations, rules, published regulatory guidance, written orders or directives, and written opinions
and interpretations of any Governmental Authority, that are applicable to the Program or otherwise
applicable to any of the Parties.

       "Applicant" means any Person who has submitted an Application to Pathward.

       "Applicant Data" means all Personally Identifiable Information regarding an Applicant
received by or on behalf of Pathward (including by EFS as servicer) in connection with such
Applicant's Application, but does not include HRB Customer Data or Pathward Customer Data.

       "Application" means an application for a Financial Product.

       "BlockWorks" means the proprietary tax processing software licensed by an Affiliate of
EFS for use in H&R Block-branded retail tax offices, and any successor software.

       "Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or federal legal holiday.

       "Card" means an individual Payment Network branded Emerald Card, Spruce Card, gift
card, and/or rewards card, as applicable, co-branded with the H&R Block brand, issued by
Pathward under the Program, and tied to a Cardholder Account.

       "Cardholder" means a Person who is issued a Card, or lawfully obtains a Card as a gift or
otherwise.

        "Cardholder Account" means an account, sub-account, or that portion of an omnibus or
pooled account that is held by Pathward in the name or for the benefit of a Cardholder, which
account is associated with a Card and includes a record of debits and credits with respect to
transactions effected in connection with or by virtue of such Card.

        "Claim" means any claim, demand, suit, legal action, regulatory action, administrative
action, arbitration or proceeding, including those brought in connection with allegations of

                                                  2
                                                            2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit I-3
