                 C.      The Franchisee Parties specifically and expressly acknowledge and agree that the
         consideration accepted under this Agreement is accepted in full satisfaction of any and all injuries
         and/or damages that have previously arisen and which may hereafter arise respecting any of the
         claims being released.

                 D.      The Franchisee Parties acknowledge that they have had a reasonable opportunity
         to consult with an attorney prior to signing this release and they have executed this release
         voluntarily. Also, the Franchisee Parties represent that they have not assigned or transferred to
         anyone any claims released by them under Section 4(B) above.

         [E. If applicable, the following language is to be included: Claims arising from the Franchise
         Investment Protection Act of Washington, chapter 19.100 RCW, and any rule or order adopted
         thereunder, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220 are not waived.]

                  5.       General. No amendment to this Agreement or waiver of the rights or obligations
         of either party shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties. This Agreement is governed
         by the laws of the State of Missouri without regard to conflicts of laws principles. If any provision
         of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other
         provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement contains the
         entire agreement and understanding of the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.
         [NOTE: Detail other miscellaneous provisions.]

WE:                                                        YOU:
H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC




By:                                                        By:
Name:                                                      Name:
Title:                                                     Title:    Principal


GUARANTORS:




                                                       2
                                                                                 2025 Sample Form of General Release
                                                                                                          Exhibit G
