                           FRANCHISE FINANCIAL PRODUCTS
                             DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

        This FRANCHISE FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this
"Franchise Distribution Agreement"), dated as of the date Franchisee electronically executes
this Franchise Distribution Agreement, is made by and among Pathward, N.A., a national bank,
Emerald Financial Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the franchisee that
has agreed to be bound by the terms of this Franchise Distribution Agreement by electronically
accepting such terms (the "Franchisee"). Pathward, EFS and Franchisee are at times hereinafter
referred to as the "Parties" and each individually as a "Party."

                                          RECITALS

       A.     Franchisee provides income tax return preparation, electronic filing, and related
services to HRB Customers through Franchise Location(s).

       B.      Pathward is engaged in the business of providing financial products and services,
including providing Financial Products to HRB Customers pursuant to the PMA.

      C.       EFS acts as program manager for Pathward in support of the Program pursuant to
the PMA.

       D.     Pathward and EFS desire to engage Franchisee to offer and distribute the Financial
Products to HRB Customers through Franchisee's Franchise Location(s).

       E.     The Parties are entering into this Franchise Distribution Agreement to ensure that
Pathward is able to directly exercise oversight over the offering and distribution of the Financial
Products by Franchisee and to set forth the terms and conditions for such activities.

                                         AGREEMENT

        ACCORDINGLY, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the Parties
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

                                      ARTICLE 1
                        DEFINITIONS; RULES OF INTERPRETATION

       Section 1.1 Definitions. For all purposes of this Franchise Distribution Agreement,
except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in this Section 1.1.

        "Account" means (a) each loan account, deposit account and Cardholder Account
originated by Pathward for an HRB Customer associated with any Financial Products offered in
connection with the Program, and (b) any account purchased by Pathward from Axos Bank.

      "Accountholder" means any Person who holds or has held an Account, including a
Cardholder.

                                                 1
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
