overdue amounts owing to H&R Block will accrue interest at a rate of 15% per annum or the highest rate
permitted by law, whichever is less, compounded monthly, for any amounts that are more than 15 days past
due.

        6.4    Method of Payment. Franchisee will submit royalty payments electronically in a manner
specified by H&R Block. Royalties will be considered received by H&R Block on the date of the
corresponding electronic transmission.

7.      Training and Other Assistance.

       7.1      Initial Training. As soon as practical after the Effective Date, Principal and any other
owner or manager that has or will have day-to-day responsibility for the oversight of the Franchised
Business must attend and complete, to H&R Block’s satisfaction, initial training conducted by H&R Block.

         7.2     Location and Expenses. H&R Block will not charge Franchisee a fee for the initial
training described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement. Franchisee will be responsible for the travel expenses,
room, board, and wages for the training. H&R Block reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee to
Franchisee for any additional required or optional training and for the training of subsequent Principals.
All training will be provided at a location that H&R Block designates.

        7.3      Additional Training. H&R Block may periodically make other mandatory or optional
training available to Franchisee’s personnel, and Franchisee will ensure that Principal and all employees
designated by H&R Block satisfactorily complete any required training within the time specified. H&R
Block may charge a fee for any optional training and optional training materials.

        7.4     Office Site Selection. H&R Block may provide assistance to Franchisee in selecting office
locations; however, Franchisee will be responsible for selecting and obtaining H&R Block’s written
approval for all office locations and negotiating the lease for any Approved Locations, subject to the
requirements set forth in Section 10.7 of this Agreement. H&R Block will have no liability or obligation
to Franchisee with respect to the performance of the Franchised Business at any site that H&R Block
approves.

         7.5    Operating Plan. H&R Block may furnish Franchisee with resources and information to
help Franchisee establish an operating plan. Franchisee will meet with a representative of H&R Block at
periodic intervals as designated by H&R Block to review Franchisee’s operating plan. Franchisee will
submit information related to the operating plan as instructed by H&R Block and will use Franchisee’s best
efforts to implement the operating plan.

        7.6     Mandatory Group Meetings. At Franchisee’s expense, Franchisee will attend all
franchisee meetings designated by H&R Block as mandatory.

         7.7     Internal Reporting Forms. H&R Block will furnish to Franchisee, without charge
(except for freight) and in the manner it elects (e.g., hard copy or electronic), all specialized internal,
reporting forms. Franchisee will use these forms in the Franchised Business as instructed by H&R Block
in the Manual or otherwise in writing, which may require Franchisee to access and process the forms using
the intranet operated by H&R Block or an affiliate.

        7.8     Signage.

                 (A)     H&R Block will loan to Franchisee H&R Block’s standard interior and exterior
        signs in quantities H&R Block considers appropriate for each Approved Location. Franchisee will

                                                     9
                                                          2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit F-1
