conditioned upon Franchisee’s Hardware meeting the exact configurations specified by H&R Block.
Franchisee acknowledges that by installing the Program and System, H&R Block may during the Term receive
configuration records setting forth Franchisee’s computer configuration information. Hardware meeting the
exact configurations specified by H&R Block may be purchased by Franchisee through H&R Block’s supply
department according to the procedures and deadlines that may be established by H&R Block.

14.      Reports and Inspections. Within the time period after the end of each Reporting Period, Franchisee
must also submit reports that may be required by H&R Block in connection with the Program and System.
During the Term of this Agreement and for one year after its termination, Franchisee must maintain records of
its use of the Program and System as H&R Block specifies. Franchisee’s books and records pertaining to its
use of the Program and System, all information stored either in the computer Hardware in which the Program
and System are used, on disks, or other computer data storage devices, and the actual operation of the Program
and System in the computer Hardware used by Franchisee must be open to inspection by H&R Block to comply
with the terms set forth in this Agreement and in the Franchise Agreement.

15.       Franchisee’s Conduct of Business. Franchisee must use the Program and System in full compliance
with (a) all provisions of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement; (b) the Specifications and any other
rules or regulations published by the IRS relating to the electronic filing of tax returns and the direct deposit of
income tax refunds; (c) any other applicable laws, rules, or regulations of any federal, state, or local
governmental body; and (d) the procedures, guidelines, and restrictions adopted by H&R Block for
Franchisee’s use of the Program and System. Franchisee acknowledges that any procedures, guidelines, and
restrictions adopted by H&R Block may, at H&R Block’s discretion, differentiate Franchisee from other H&R
Block franchisees using the Program and System on the basis of the location, volume history, or other
characteristic of the Franchised Business or the duration of Franchisee’s participation in Electronic Filing
Services.

16.      Compliance with Bank Agreement. Franchisee agrees to comply with any obligations or restrictions
imposed upon Franchisee under the terms of any agreement pertaining to Electronic Filing Services to which
Franchisee and any lending institution designated by H&R Block (“Bank”) are parties in connection with
Electronic Filing Services (“Bank Agreement”) and in the procedures, guidelines, and restrictions adopted by
H&R Block for Electronic Filing Services. Franchisee’s obligation to use Electronic Filing Services includes,
but is not limited to, compliance with all provisions found in the Bank Agreement, Specifications, laws,
procedures, guidelines, and restrictions that relate to Franchisee’s care, custody, handling, issuance, and
delivery of Electronic Filing Services’ disbursement checks and processing, under appropriate circumstances,
of stop-payment orders relating to any checks. Upon termination of the Bank Agreement, Franchisee’s
Electronic Filing Services relating to the Bank Agreement will terminate. Franchisee will pay any processing
fee or other fee imposed by the Bank for the services of the Bank and any depository bank designated by H&R
Block (the “Depository”) in processing Electronic Filing Services applications and providing Electronic Filing
Services to clients served by Franchisee. In no event will any fee paid by Franchisee relating to any client of
Franchisee’s Electronic Filing Services exceed the fee that H&R Block is required to pay to the Bank or
Depository under the Bank Agreement if the client is a client of H&R Block’s Electronic Filing Services. If
Franchisee fails to comply with Franchisee’s obligations under this section, Franchisee’s right to use the
Program and System may, at H&R Block’s discretion, be terminated immediately upon H&R Block’s written
termination notice.

17.     Payment Card Acceptance. In processing payment card transactions, it is your responsibility to
annually archive, maintain, and attest to Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance per the PCI Data
Security Standard (“DSS”) and to maintain records documenting your PCI DSS compliance. If you choose
to accept credit card payments, you must use First Data as your payment card processor. By accepting this
Agreement, you certify that you are PCI compliant and can provide documentation of compliance upon the
request of H&R Block.
                                                              2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                    Exhibit I-1
                                                         9
