                  (F)      Stop-Transfer Instructions. If Franchisee is a corporation, Franchisee will
        maintain stop-transfer instructions against the transfer on Franchisee’s records of any of its equity
        securities, and each stock certificate will have conspicuously endorsed upon it a statement in a form
        satisfactory to H&R Block that the certificate is held subject to all restrictions imposed upon
        assignments by this Agreement; but the requirements of this Subsection 22.1.(F) will not apply to
        the transfer of equity securities of a publicly-held corporation. If Franchisee is a partnership or
        limited liability company, its written partnership or limited liability company agreement will
        provide that ownership of an interest in the partnership or limited liability company is held subject
        to all restrictions imposed upon assignments by this Agreement.

        If Franchisee is an individual, Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants that neither the
execution, delivery, nor performance by Franchisee of this Agreement or any other agreements
contemplated by this Agreement conflicts with or results in a breach of any contract or agreement to which
Franchisee is a party or a violation of any order, writ, injunction, or decree of any court, administrative
agency, or governmental body.

        22.2     Financial Statements. Franchisee and, at H&R Block’s request, Principal have provided
H&R Block with their most recent financial statements in the form and for the time periods specified by
H&R Block. The financial statements: (a) present fairly Franchisee’s financial position and the financial
position of Principal, as applicable, at the dates indicated therein and, with respect to Franchisee, the results
of its operations and cash flow for the periods then ended; (b) are certified as true and correct by the
Franchisee’s Principal or other authorized representative, as applicable; and (c) have been prepared in
conformity with the requirements specified by H&R Block. No material liabilities, adverse claims,
commitments, or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, unliquidated, absolute, contingent, or
otherwise, exist as of the date of this Agreement that are not reflected as liabilities on Franchisee’s financial
statements or those of Principal.

23.    Choice of Remedies. The remedies provided to H&R Block in this Agreement will be cumulative
and non-exclusive. The choice of any remedy will not preclude H&R Block from pursuing any other
remedy available to it.

24.      Franchisee’s Relationship to H&R Block. Neither party will be a joint venturer, joint employer,
partner, agent, fiduciary, or employee of the other; neither party will have any power to bind or obligate the
other; and neither party will be liable to any person for any debts or liabilities incurred by the other. This
Agreement will establish an independent contractor relationship. Franchisee will not hold itself out as the
agent, joint employer, employee, partner, or joint venturer of H&R Block or its affiliates, except when
expressly authorized by H&R Block or its affiliate to do so. All employees hired by or working for
Franchisee will be solely the employees of Franchisee and not employees of H&R Block or its affiliates or
subject to H&R Block’s or its affiliates’ control. Specifically, Franchisee will have exclusive control over
all employment-related decisions, including decisions concerning hiring, firing, wages, conditions of
employment, discipline, staffing, or any other day-to-day management of employees. H&R Block and its
affiliates have no obligation or right to control any franchise employment issue. Neither party will enter
into contracts or commitments in the name of or on behalf of the other in any respect whatsoever.




                                                       32
                                                             2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                              Exhibit F-1
