law, in equity or otherwise, before any court, board, commission, agency or instrumentality of any
federal, state, or local government or of any agency or subdivision thereof or before any arbitrator
or panel of arbitrators, to which Pathward is a party, which, if adversely determined, would have
a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Pathward, the Program or other transactions
contemplated by this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

        Section 6.7 Financial Capacity. Pathward has the financial capacity to perform its
obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

                                     ARTICLE 7
                          INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSING

       Section 7.1     Licensing of Pathward Licensed Marks.

               (a)   Pathward hereby grants to Franchisee and its Affiliates a non-assignable and
       nonexclusive right and license to use the Pathward Licensed Marks as designated by
       Pathward for use in connection with the Program. Franchisee and its Affiliates will not use
       the Pathward Licensed Marks for any purpose except the purposes specifically set forth
       herein.

              (b)     Franchisee may use any agreements, terms and conditions, disclosures and
       other documents for the Financial Products and Marketing Materials for the Program that
       are provided by EFS, as program manager for Pathward. All other uses of the Pathward
       Licensed Marks by Franchisee must be approved in advance by Pathward in writing and
       must be at all times in compliance with any standards which Pathward may impose in
       writing from time to time regarding such use.

               (c)     All rights in and to the Pathward Licensed Marks that are not specifically
       granted to Franchisee remain with Pathward. Franchisee will cooperate with Pathward in
       the protection and defense of the Pathward Licensed Marks and in the prosecution, at
       Pathward's sole option, of infringers of the Pathward Licensed Marks. Franchisee will not
       register or seek to register any trade name, trademark, service mark, trade dress, logotype,
       commercial symbol, or other identifier identical or confusingly similar to any of the
       Pathward Licensed Marks.

              (d)     The license granted hereunder to use the Pathward Licensed Marks will
       continue during the Term of this Franchise Distribution Agreement, but if the PMA
       terminates at or prior to the end of the Term, the license granted hereunder will continue
       through the completion of the wind-down of the Program as set forth in Section 14.6
       (Wind-down) of the PMA. Thereafter, Franchisee will cease any and all use of the
       Pathward Licensed Marks and destroy or return any Marketing Materials containing the
       Pathward Licensed Marks to Pathward.

                                     ARTICLE 8
                         CONFIDENTIALITY; FINANCIAL PRIVACY

       Section 8.1     Limits on Access, Use and Disclosure of Confidential Information.


                                                 20
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
