                 (E)      If H&R Block exercises its right of first refusal, the transferor will Transfer the
        interest to H&R Block or to its designee pursuant to an agreement to purchase that contains the
        material terms to which the transferor and the proposed transferee had agreed. If the offer or
        proposed purchase contract omitted any terms customarily addressed in a transfer of an interest of
        the type that is the subject of the transaction, H&R Block may supply those terms in the purchase
        agreement and related documents;

                 (F)     If the consideration, terms, or conditions offered by the third party are such that
        H&R Block or its designee cannot reasonably furnish the same consideration, terms, or conditions,
        H&R Block or its designee, as appropriate, may purchase the interest proposed to be transferred
        for the reasonable equivalent in cash. If the Parties cannot agree within a reasonable time on the
        reasonable equivalent in cash of the consideration, terms, and conditions offered by the third party,
        an independent appraiser will be designated by H&R Block, and the appraiser’s determination will
        be binding. H&R Block may set off the cost of the appraisal against the purchase price. If the offer
        includes items that are not assets of Franchisee or items used in the Franchised Business, H&R
        Block or its designee, as appropriate, may acquire only the assets of the Franchised Business
        and those of the other assets as H&R Block or its designee selects, without any duty to purchase
        the other items included in the purchase offer. The apportionment of the value of the items to be
        purchased by H&R Block or its designee will be determined by H&R Block, subject to a valuation
        by an independent appraiser under the same procedures as non-cash consideration is to be
        evaluated; and

                 (G)     If H&R Block does not exercise its right of first refusal with respect to a particular
        offer, any material change in the terms of the offer before closing will constitute a new offer subject
        to H&R Block’s same right of first refusal as in the case of the initial offer.

        Section 17 of this Agreement will not apply and H&R Block will not have a right of first refusal
with respect to the following: (1) any Transfer not subject to H&R Block’s approval under Section 18.2 of
this Agreement; (2) any Transfer to the son, daughter, brother, or sister, or any or all of them, of Franchisee
(if an individual) or Franchisee’s Associates; or (3) any Transfer required under Section 20 of this
Agreement relating to the death or Incapacity of Franchisee (if an individual) or Principal.

18.     Transfer of Interest.

        18.1     Transfers by Franchisee and Franchisee’s Associates. H&R Block’s prior written
approval will be required for any Transfer. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer without H&R Block’s prior
written approval or that fails to comply with the requirements in Section 18 of this Agreement is ineffective
against H&R Block and, without limiting H&R Block’s remedies, will constitute a material breach of this
Agreement. H&R Block will not arbitrarily or unreasonably disapprove any proposed Transfer. Prior to
approving a Transfer, H&R Block may require, among other things, satisfaction of any or all of the
following:

                 (A)    That H&R Block has received from Franchisee a request to Transfer that includes
        the name, address, and principal occupation or business activity of the proposed transferee and such
        other information (including financial statements, business references, the terms of the proposed
        transaction, and similar information) as H&R Block may reasonably request for the purpose of
        reviewing the proposed Transfer;

                (B)    That Franchisee is in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this
        Agreement and all other agreements between Franchisee and H&R Block and its affiliates,
        including payment of all monetary obligations due to H&R Block and its affiliates;
                                                      26
                                                            2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit F-1
