forth in Section 16(F) of the FLA that apply to Services including, but not limited to, all client records and
information related to Services.

7.       Termination of Optional Services. If H&R Block has previously authorized Franchisee to offer
Optional Services that are the same or similar to the Services authorized under this Addendum, that
authorization by H&R Block is terminated and those services must be discontinued as of the first day of the
month following the Effective Date of this Addendum. Thereafter, the previously authorized Optional
Services will be included with Services authorized under this Addendum and all prior clients will be subject
to the limitations on competition and disclosure set forth in Section 12 of the FLA. If this Addendum is
terminated for any reason, H&R Block may at its sole discretion re-authorize Franchisee to conduct the
Services.

8.       Royalties Applicable to the Service. All of the terms and conditions of the FLA relating to
Authorized Services apply to Services revenue except that the Standard Royalty Rate applicable to Services
revenue is 15% and the Early Payment Royalty Rate applicable to Services revenue is 10%. For a more
detailed description of the Services revenue eligible for the Services royalty rate, consult the Manual. The
Standard Royalty Rate and Early Payment Royalty Rate described in Section 6 of the FLA apply to all tax
return preparation revenue, regardless of whether the tax preparation services are rendered in conjunction
with the Services. Reporting of gross revenue for the Service begins with respect to services performed for
clients of the Service as of the first full month following the Effective Date. Services revenue is excluded
from the incentive royalty rate described in Section 6 of the FLA.

9.      Governance. If there is any conflict between this Addendum and the FLA, the terms and
conditions of this Addendum will apply.
The Parties have signed this Addendum as of the Effective Date.

H&R BLOCK:                                                FRANCHISEE:
H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC




By:                                                       By:
Name:                                                     Name:
Title:                                                    Title:     Principal




                                                      2
                                                             2025 Addendum to FLA H&R Block Small Business – Standard
                                                                                                          Exhibit F-2
