        franchisee, lessor, or otherwise) any business in or within 25 miles of the Franchise
        Territory that offers products or services that are the same as or similar to any Authorized
        Service that were offered by the Franchised Business.

         If during the 2-year period described above, Franchisee or one or more of Franchisee’s
Associates fails to comply with their obligations under this Section 12.2(B), that period of
noncompliance will not be credited toward satisfaction of the 2-year obligation of the person or
entity that has failed to comply.

         If an individual or entity included within the definition of Franchisee’s Associates ceases
to remain within that definition during the term of this Agreement, the restrictions on that individual
or entity contained in this Section 12.2(B) will begin to run from the date that the individual or
entity ceases to be one of Franchisee’s Associates.

        If, after the Effective Date of this Agreement, an individual or entity becomes included in
the definition of Franchisee’s Associates, Franchisee must immediately: notify H&R Block of the
identity of the new Franchisee’s Associate; provide a copy of this Agreement to the new
Franchisee’s Associate; and have the new Franchisee’s Associate sign the Franchisee’s Associate
acknowledgement form attached to this Agreement.

         (C)      If Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s Associates violates any provision of Section
12 of this Agreement, H&R Block will be entitled to an accounting of the revenue received as the
result of that activity and to the payment of royalties based on that revenue as provided for in
Section 6 of this Agreement. This remedy will not affect any other rights or remedies that H&R
Block may have against Franchisee or Franchisee’s Associates, including the right to seek
injunctive relief from irreparable or incalculable harm.

        (D)     If the scope of any restriction in Section 12 of this Agreement is too broad to permit
enforcement to its full extent, the restriction will be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted
by law and may be judicially modified in any proceeding brought to enforce it. H&R Block may
unilaterally reduce the scope of any restriction contained in Section 12 of this Agreement
immediately upon notice to Franchisee.

         (E)      The violation by Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s Associates of any provision of
Section 12 of this Agreement will cause irreparable injury to H&R Block, and H&R Block will be
without an adequate remedy at law. H&R Block will be entitled to preliminary and permanent
injunctive relief in any proceeding that H&R Block may bring to enforce any provision of Section
12 of this Agreement, without the necessity of proof of actual damage.

         (F)      For each person employed in the Franchised Business in a supervisory capacity or
to prepare tax returns, Franchisee will require the employee to enter into an agreement containing
covenants in a form prescribed by H&R Block in the Manual and providing for enforcement of
those covenants by H&R Block as a third-party beneficiary. Franchisee will not waive any
obligation under any of the covenants required by this Section 12.2(F) without H&R Block’s prior
written consent. Franchisee will promptly provide H&R Block with a copy of each fully signed
agreement upon request. Franchisee’s failure to comply with this Section 12.2(F) will constitute a
default under this Agreement, for which Franchisee will, in addition to any other rights and
remedies available to H&R Block, indemnify H&R Block in accordance with Section 21 of this
Agreement for all business lost by H&R Block, its affiliates, and their respective franchisees as a
result of the failure of Franchisee to obtain the covenants required.


                                             19
                                                    2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                     Exhibit F-1
