                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                          FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                              REQUIRED BY CALIFORNIA

To the extent the California Franchise Investment Law, Cal. Corp. Code §§ 31000-31516 or the California
Franchise Relations Act, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§ 20000-20043 applies to the offer or sale to you of the
franchise described in the attached H&R Block Tax Services, LLC Franchise Disclosure Document, the
terms of this Amendment apply.

Item 3, Additional Disclosure:

Neither we nor any person described in Item 2 of the Disclosure Document is subject to any currently
effective order of any National Securities Association or National Securities Exchange, as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq. suspending or expelling such persons from
membership in the association or exchange.

Item 6, Additional Disclosure:

The highest interest rate allowed by law in California is currently 10% annually.

Item 17, Additional Disclosures:

The Agreement requires franchisee to sign a general release of claims upon renewal or transfer of the
Agreement. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation, or
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of
that law or any rule or order thereunder is void. Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the
Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010) and voids a waiver of your rights
under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043).

The Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Missouri. This provision may not be
enforceable under California law.

California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the franchisee
concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Agreement contains a provision that is
inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

The Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be enforceable under
federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101 et seq.)

Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult with private legal counsel to determine the applicability
of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil
Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise agreement
restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.

The Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends beyond the termination of the franchise.
This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any



                                               B-1                       2025 California State Amendment to the FDD
                                                                                                           Exhibit B
