       (g)     Forward all written complaints received by or on behalf of HRB Customers
regarding Financial Products to EFS within five (5) days of receipt of the complaint.
Franchisee will not respond to any such complaints or servicing questions regarding a
Financial Product except as described in the Financial Product training materials or as
described in the Franchisee Policies and Procedures;

      (h)     Follow all directions from EFS in the support of other products issued by
Pathward, such providing accurate information to HRB Customers about pilot programs;
and

      (i)     Be responsible for activities and services relating to assisting HRB
Customers in preparing and filing their income tax returns.

Section 2.5    EFS to Provide Assistance to Pathward. EFS will assist Pathward by:

        (a)    Distributing software and other electronic tools necessary for Franchisee to
offer the Financial Products;

      (b)      Providing Franchisee with Program Documents in the forms approved by
Pathward;

       (c)     Communicating with Franchisee with respect to the Program; and

        (d)     Performing compliance audits on Franchisee with respect to Franchisee's
participation in the Program, as reasonably instructed by Pathward.

Section 2.6    Marketing.

       (a)    EFS will provide Franchisee with Marketing Materials that have been
approved by Pathward through the process described in Section 3.6 (Marketing of
Program) of the PMA.

       (b)    Franchisee will only use Marketing Materials that have been provided by
EFS for Franchisee's use in connection with the Program.

        (c)    Franchisee will pay HRB Tax Services a marketing fee of $ or
such other amount as HRB Tax Services determines, per approved Refund Advance
originated from Franchise Location(s).

Section 2.7    Training Program.

       (a)     EFS will make Program training available to personnel at Franchise
Locations, using training materials that have been approved by Pathward. The training
program may include online training materials.

        (b)     Franchisee will require any tax professional involved in the offering of
Financial Products at a Franchise Location to complete Program training prior to offering
or distributing any Financial Products.

                                        13
                                                   2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                  Exhibit I-3
