                 (A)      will not and will not permit any other person or firm to, without the prior written
        consent of H&R Block, copy or otherwise reproduce, modify, sell, or exchange licensed materials or
        transmit (by telephone lines or otherwise), give away, or disclose licensed materials to any other person
        or firm;

                (B)      will not authorize or permit any other person, other than Franchisee’s employees in
        the course and scope of their employment, to use licensed materials; and

                 (C)      will not, without the prior written approval of H&R Block, contract with any person
        engaged in the conduct of a tax return preparation service to provide a transmission service and will
        not use the licensed materials furnished by H&R Block for the benefit of or to assist the person in the
        conduct of the tax return preparation service.

           12.2     Improvements. “Improvements” means any improvements, advertising, or promotional
ideas, inventions, ideas, works of authorship, copyrights, trademarks, logos, commercial symbols, or other
additions to or intellectual property rights in or related to the Program and System, website, Franchised
Business, or Licensed Marks. During the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee must promptly and fully disclose
any Improvements to H&R Block, without disclosing the Improvements to others, and must obtain H&R
Block’s written approval prior to using the Improvements. Any Improvement is considered Confidential
Information of H&R Block and is subject to the limitations set forth in the Franchise Agreement. Any
Improvement may be used by H&R Block and all other franchisees as authorized by H&R Block without any
obligation to Franchisee for royalties or other fees. Franchisee hereby assigns and agrees to assign any future
right, title, or interest in and to the Improvements, including the right to grant sublicenses. H&R Block, at its
discretion, may make application for and own copyrights, patents, trade names, trademarks, and service marks
relating to any Improvement and Franchisee must cooperate with H&R Block in securing any rights. H&R
Block may also consider the Improvement as the property and trade secret of H&R Block. In return, H&R
Block will authorize Franchisee to use any Improvement that may be developed by other franchisees and that
is authorized for use by other franchisees.

        If requested by H&R Block, Franchisee must:

                 (A)      return to H&R Block all copies of the Program and System and all copies of any
        user’s guide to the software, whether or not the software or guide was furnished by H&R Block, upon
        expiration or termination of this Agreement, and

                (B)     sign a certificate, in a form defined by H&R Block, that no copies of the software or
        guide have been retained by Franchisee.

Franchisee has read the foregoing restrictions and acknowledges that the restrictions are reasonably required
for the protection of the interests of H&R Block. Franchisee further acknowledges that this Agreement would
not be entered into by H&R Block unless these restrictions are included in this Agreement and enforceable by
injunctive relief in the event of a breach by Franchisee.

13.      Hardware, Equipment, Supplies, and Other Expenses. Franchisee must provide, install, and
operate, at Franchisee’s own expense, computers, modems, printers (“Hardware”), and all other equipment,
supplies, and forms necessary to enter Client Data, transmit Client Data to Telecommunication Services, and
receive and print communications from H&R Block or Telecommunication Services concerning Client Data.
The Hardware must either meet the exact Hardware configurations specified by H&R Block or be compatible
with the Program and System (including brand names, types, models, and storage capacity), provided that H&R
Block’s obligation to provide technical and software support services under Sections 9 and 10 above, is
                                                            2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                  Exhibit I-1
                                                       8
