              (c)     EFS will maintain records of the training received by the individual tax
       professionals involved in the offering of Financial Products at Franchise Locations.

              (d)     Franchisee will not implement any policies, procedures or practices that
       would conflict with the training materials or other directions provided by EFS or Pathward
       in connection with the Financial Products without the written consent of EFS and
       Pathward.

       Section 2.8 Suspension of Offering of Financial Products. Pathward's and EFS's rights
to suspend the offering of a Financial Product are set forth in the PMA. If, pursuant to the PMA,
Pathward or EFS exercises its right to suspend offering a Financial Product, then Franchisee will
cease making available the Financial Product in the impacted Franchise Locations. Following any
such suspension by EFS, if EFS elects to resume offering any such suspended product during the
Term, Franchisee will offer such suspended product only through Pathward.

                                      ARTICLE 3
                               COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

        Section 3.1 Pathward to Provide Financial Products. So long as the PMA is in effect,
Pathward covenants and agrees to make the Financial Products available to Franchisee to offer and
distribute in Franchise Locations(s), in accordance with and subject to the PMA.

       Section 3.2    Compliance with Applicable Law.

              (a)    EFS will perform its obligations under this Franchise Distribution
       Agreement in compliance with Applicable Law, the Payment Network Rules, the Policies
       and Procedures and the Program Documents.

              (b)     Pathward will:

                       (i) ensure that (A) the terms, pricing and attributes of the Financial
              Products as described in the product overviews that are exhibits to the PMA product
              schedules and (B) the Program Documents developed by Pathward or submitted by
              EFS to Pathward for approval comply with Applicable Law (not including
              Franchisee Applicable Law) and the Payment Network Rules; and

                       (ii) perform its obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement
              in compliance with Applicable Law (not including Franchisee Applicable Law), the
              Payment Network Rules, the Policies and Procedures, and the Program Documents.

              (c)     Franchisee will comply with Franchisee Applicable Law, including:

                       (i) Obtaining written consent from Applicants under Treas. Reg.
              § 301.7216-3(a) to disclose tax information to a financial institution;

                        (ii) Completing IRS Form 8879 and the direct deposit designation in the
              electronic portion of the Applicant's federal (and state, if applicable) income tax
              return (as applicable);

                                               14
                                                         2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                        Exhibit I-3
