          12. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is in any respect invalid, prohibited,
illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
that invalidity, prohibition, illegality, or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions.


        13. Term of Agreement.


                (a)     This Agreement will be in effect until all the unpaid balance, interest, fees, or
        other charges have been fully repaid to Franchise Partner.


                (b)      We acknowledge and agree Franchise Partner may, in its sole discretion,
        terminate this Agreement immediately, by giving us written notice thereof, if Franchise Partner
        reasonably determines, in good faith, the Term Loan Interest Rate in effect at the time of the
        determination violates applicable usury laws or similar laws governing the rate of interest it
        may legally charge with respect to credit extended to us under this Agreement.


        In the event of termination, we will promptly pay all amounts owed under this Agreement
        (other than the Periodic Interest for the last Monthly Billing Period of the term of this
        Agreement, which we will pay pursuant to Section 5(e) of this Agreement).

        14. Notice. Any notice from Franchise Partner to us, if mailed, shall be deemed given when
mailed postage prepaid, addressed to our principal place of business set forth in the application as
modified by any written notice hereinafter given by us to Franchise Partner. All notices or other
communications required or permitted to be given to Franchise Partner pursuant to this Agreement
shall be sent to Franchise Partner at its address set forth below or such other address as it may
designate.


          Email:

          Franchisepartner@hrblock.com

          Franchise Partner, Inc.
          One H&R Block Way
          Kansas City,
          MO 64105

         15. Collection Costs. We agree to pay or reimburse Franchise Partner, upon demand, for
all out-of- pocket costs and expenses to the extent permitted by law, including fees and expenses of
counsel to Franchise Partner, incurred in enforcing our Obligations under this Agreement or any other
Credit Document, including without limitation, in any bankruptcy proceeding.


         16. Written Consent to Obtain Credit Bureau Reports. As long as there remains
outstanding any Obligation under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, we consent to and
direct that Franchise Partner obtain any credit bureau reports, credit scores, or other relevant financial
information on us at any time, for any purpose.


        17. Disclosure of Information. We consent to the disclosure of information by Franchise
Partner to any employee, officer, contractor, representative, third party service provider, or agent of
Block and any of its affiliates regarding this Agreement and related documents and Collateral. Such



                                                      11
