                 (D)     That for each proposed public offering, other than offerings which are exempt from
        registration, Franchisee has paid to H&R Block a non-refundable fee of $10,000 or a greater amount
        as is necessary to reimburse H&R Block for its reasonable costs and expenses associated with
        reviewing the proposed offering, including legal and accounting fees;

                (E)       That H&R Block has received a legal opinion from counsel satisfactory to H&R
        Block stating: (1) that the offering materials and the conduct of the securities offering comply in
        all material respects with all applicable laws, and (2) that neither the conduct nor consummation of
        the securities offering will result in a violation of any anti-terrorism or anti-money laundering laws;
        and

                 (F)     That Franchisee has given H&R Block at least 60-days’ prior written notice before
        the effective date of any offering or other transaction covered by Section 18.3 of this Agreement.

         18.4     Transfers by H&R Block. H&R Block will have the right to transfer or assign this
Agreement, the H&R Block System, Confidential Information, and all or any part of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement or its interest in the H&R Block System and Confidential Information to any person
or legal entity without the consent of Franchisee. Any transferee or assignee of this Agreement from H&R
Block will become solely responsible for all obligations of H&R Block under this Agreement from the date
of the transfer or assignment. Without limiting the foregoing, H&R Block may sell its assets (including its
rights in the Licensed Marks and the H&R Block System) to a third party; may offer its securities privately
or publicly; may merge with or acquire other legal entities or be acquired by another legal entity; and may
undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial restructuring.
With regard to any or all of the above transfers, sales, assignments, and dispositions, Franchisee waives any
claims, demands, or damages against H&R Block or its affiliates arising from or related to H&R Block’s
transfer of its rights in this Agreement, the H&R Block System, or Confidential Information to any other
party. Nothing contained in this Agreement will require Franchisor to remain in the business of operating
or licensing the operation of Network Offices or other businesses or to offer any services or products to
Franchisee, whether or not bearing the Licensed Marks if H&R Block transfers or assigns its rights in or
obligations under this Agreement and the H&R Block System.

19.      Change of Principal. Except as described in Section 20 of this Agreement, if Franchisee is an
entity, Franchisee will throughout the term of this Agreement have an approved Principal. If Franchisee
desires to designate a replacement Principal, Franchisee will notify H&R Block in writing and provide to
H&R Block in the form H&R Block may request the name, address, and other information (including
financial statements, business references and similar information) that H&R Block reasonably requests
regarding the proposed replacement Principal. H&R Block will have 30 days after receipt of all the above
information to approve or disapprove the proposed replacement Principal, and H&R Block’s approval will
not be unreasonably withheld. If H&R Block disapproves the proposed Principal, H&R Block will provide
written notice setting forth the reason or reasons for the disapproval. If H&R Block approves the proposed
Principal, the proposed Principal will sign the documents required by H&R Block to become Principal and
promptly forward them to H&R Block. If the proposed Principal fails or refuses to promptly sign the
documents or if at any time during the term of this Agreement Franchisee fails to have a Principal approved
by H&R Block, H&R Block will have the right to terminate this Agreement.

20.     Death or Incapacity.

        20.1     Notice to H&R Block. Within 10 days after the death or Incapacity of Franchisee (if an
individual) or Principal, Franchisee or a representative of Franchisee will notify H&R Block of the death


                                                     29
                                                            2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit F-1
