        creditor   under     the    Uniform    Commercial      Code      as    though    fully   set   out    herein.

                 (f)     If Franchise Partner fails to exercise, or delays in exercising, any right, remedy, power or
        privilege under the Credit Documents (including the failure to charge us an amount or rate, or the correct
        amount or rate, we are obligated to pay under this Agreement), that failure or delay shall not operate as
        a waiver thereof. In addition, no single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege under
        the Credit Documents shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
        remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided in the Credit Documents
        are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, power or privileges provided by law or equity.

         13. Governing Law. Except to the extent federal law applies this Agreement and all actions, causes of
action or claims of any kind (whether at law, in equity, in tort or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of
or relate to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents (including any action, cause of action, or claim of any kind based upon,
arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to this
Agreement) will be governed by and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Missouri
without reference or regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof.

         14. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is in any respect invalid, prohibited, illegal or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of that invalidity,
prohibition, illegality or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions.

        15. Term of Agreement.

               (a)      This Agreement will be in effect until earlier of the Maturity Date or the date on which all
        the unpaid balance, interest, fees, or other charges have been fully repaid to Franchise Partner.

                (b)       We acknowledge and agree Franchise Partner may, in its sole discretion, terminate this
        Agreement immediately, by giving us written notice thereof, if Franchise Partner reasonably determines,
        in good faith, the Loan Interest Rate in effect at the time of the determination violates applicable usury
        laws or similar laws governing the rate of interest it may legally charge with respect to credit extended to
        us under this Agreement.

        In the event of termination, we will promptly pay all amounts owed under this Agreement.

         16. Notice. Any notice from Franchise Partner to us, if mailed, shall be deemed given when mailed
postage prepaid, addressed to our principal place of business set forth in the application as modified by any written
notice hereinafter given by us to Franchise Partner. All notices or other communications required or permitted to
be given to Franchise Partner pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to Franchise Partner at its address set
forth below or such other address as it may designate.

          Email: Franchisepartner@hrblock.com

          Franchise Partner, Inc.
          One H&R Block Way
          Kansas City, MO 64105
          Facsimile: (800) 417-7098

         17. Collection Costs. We agree to pay or reimburse Franchise Partner or its affiliates, upon demand,
for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses to the extent permitted by law, including fees and expenses of counsel
to Franchise Partner or its affiliates, incurred in enforcing our obligations under this Agreement or any other Credit
Document, including without limitation, in any bankruptcy proceeding.

         18. Written Consent to Obtain Credit Bureau Reports. As long as there remains outstanding any debt
or obligation under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, we consent to and direct that Franchise Partner
obtain any credit bureau reports, credit scores or other relevant financial information on us at any time, for any
purpose.




                                                          9
