        “General Intangibles” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of
the date hereof

          “H&R Block Tax Services” means H&R Block Tax Services, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company and
an affiliate of H&R Block, Inc.

          “Instrument” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of the date
hereof.

          “Maturity Date” means the date on which full payment for the Term Loan is due, as set forth above.

        “Monthly Billing Period” means a period of approximately 30 days (or less, for any period ending on the last
day of the term of this Agreement) used to calculate interest and principal. A Monthly Billing Period need not
commence on the first day of a calendar month.

       “Monthly Billing Statement” means a billing statement sent to us by Franchise Partner setting forth the
Annual Debt Service for the applicable Monthly Billing Period.

          “NSF Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of this Agreement.

         “Obligations” means our indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of every kind, nature and description,
direct or indirect, primary or secondary, secured or unsecured, joint and several, absolute or contingent, due or to
become due to Franchise Partner, now existing or hereinafter incurred, regardless of how it may be evidenced.

        “Payment Intangible” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of
the date hereof.

        “Periodic Interest” means interest on the unpaid amount of credit outstanding for any Monthly Billing
Period, calculated as set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement.

       “Prime Rate” means the prime rate of interest published in The Wall Street Journal as of the last day of
each calendar month (or, if no rate was published for that day, the most recent preceding day on which the rate
was published).

          “Term Loan Amount” means the amount set forth in Section 2(a) of this Agreement.

          “Term Loan Interest Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement.

          “Transaction Summary” means the summary of this transaction included as Appendix A.

          “We,” “us” and “our” mean any natural persons, partnership, corporation or other entity listed above or
          which has signed this Agreement or whose property is being used as collateral for the loan.

          2. Loan Amount; Permitted Use of Loan Proceeds.


                  (a)      Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the information in
          Transaction Summary, and the other Credit Documents, and in reliance upon our representations and
          warranties and our other commitments and Obligations in this Agreement and the other Credit
          Documents, Franchise Partner agrees to extend credit to us in a principal amount of [Requested
          Borrowing Amount from loan terms and conditions]. The aggregate unpaid amounts outstanding
          under our Term Loan (including unpaid Periodic Interest, Administration Fees, late charges and any other
          charges or fees) shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.




                                                          2
