         (K)     “Franchisee’s Associates” means (1) Principal; (2) Franchisee’s spouse, if
Franchisee is an individual; (3) each affiliate, officer, director, and shareholder of Franchisee and
each of their spouses, if Franchisee is a corporation; (4) each partner of Franchisee and each of their
spouses, if Franchisee is a partnership; (5) each member of Franchisee and each of their spouses, if
Franchisee is a limited liability company; and (6) each trustee of Franchisee and each of their
spouses, if Franchisee is a trust.

        (L)    “H&R BLOCK Brand” means the Licensed Marks defined in (Q) below and
associated goodwill.

       (M)     “H&R Block System” or “System” mean the methods, programs, procedures,
concepts, technology, software, advertising and promotional materials, formats, and Licensed
Marks designated by H&R Block for use in connection with the Franchised Business, all of which
may be revised by H&R Block.

        (N)     “Improvements” means improvements, modifications, or additions to the H&R
Block System, the Franchised Business, or the Licensed Marks conceived of or developed by
Franchisee or Franchisee’s Associates, employees, or agents.

        (O)    “Incapacitated” or “Incapacity” means the inability of Franchisee or Principal,
as determined by competent medical authority, to perform Franchisee’s obligations under this
Agreement for a period of 6 months or more as the result of physical or mental impairment.

        (P)      “Indemnitees” means H&R Block, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their
respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, successors, and assigns.

       (Q)      “Licensed Marks” means the service mark “H&R BLOCK” and all other
trademarks, service marks, logos, commercial symbols, emblems, and other indicia of origin that
H&R Block may designate for use in connection with or to identify the H&R Block System.

        (R)     “Losses and Expenses” means all losses, compensatory, exemplary, or punitive
damages, judgments, fines, penalties, equitable relief, charges, expenses, assessments, fees
(including reasonable attorney’s, expert’s, accountant’s, and consultant’s fees), interest, court costs,
settlement amounts, and other similar amounts incurred, assessed against, or suffered by
Indemnitees in connection with any Action.

         (S)     “Manual” means the H&R Block Policy and Procedure Manual (available on the
intranet operated by H&R Block or an affiliate) as it may be revised by H&R Block at its option to
describe, modify, or supplement the H&R Block System or to adapt the System to new conditions
or technology.

         (T)    “Net Amount Subject to Royalties” means the total amount of revenue received
by the Franchised Business, directly or indirectly, for Authorized Services less: 1) applicable sales
taxes Franchisee collects and remits to the appropriate taxing authorities; and 2) revenue from the
sale of products or services subject to a Product-Specific Royalty Rate, an incentive rate paid to
Franchisee, or otherwise designated as royalty free.

         (U)    “Network Office” means an office or other physical premises that offers Required
Services and utilizes or is licensed to utilize the H&R Block System and the Licensed Marks,
whether operated by H&R Block, its affiliates, or a third party authorized by H&R Block or its
affiliates.

                                              2
                                                    2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                     Exhibit F-1
