or Incapacity in writing. Any Transfer upon death or Incapacity will be subject to the same terms and
conditions set out in Section 18 of this Agreement for any inter vivos Transfer.

        20.2     Transfer upon Death. Within 6 months after the date of death of Franchisee (if an
individual) or Principal, the executor, administrator, or other personal representative of the deceased will
Transfer the interest of the deceased in this Agreement or Franchisee to a third party approved by H&R
Block. If no personal representative is designated or appointed and no probate proceedings are instituted
with respect to the estate of the deceased, the distributee of the interest of the deceased must be approved
by H&R Block. If the distributee is not approved by H&R Block, the distributee will transfer the interest
of the deceased to a third party approved by H&R Block within 6 months after the date of death of the
deceased.

         20.3     Transfer upon Incapacity. Upon the Incapacity of Franchisee (if an individual) or
Principal, H&R Block may require the interest of Franchisee or Principal to be transferred to a third party
approved by H&R Block within 6 months after notice was required under Section 20.1 of this Agreement.
If the Parties disagree as to whether an individual is Incapacitated, the existence of the Incapacity will be
determined by a licensed, practicing physician selected by H&R Block, upon examination of the individual.
If the individual refuses to submit to an examination, for the purpose of Section 20 of this Agreement, the
individual will be considered Incapacitated as of the date of refusal. The costs of any examination required
by Section 20 of this Agreement will be paid by H&R Block.

         20.4    Management Upon Death or Incapacity. Upon the death or Incapacity of Franchisee (if
an individual) or Principal, Franchisee’s executor, administrator or other personal representative, or the
remaining Franchisee’s Associates, must appoint a competent manager acceptable to H&R Block within a
reasonable time, not to exceed 30 days from the date of death or Incapacity. The appointed manager must
satisfactorily complete H&R Block’s designated training program. If an H&R Block-approved manager is
not appointed within 30 days after the death or Incapacity, H&R Block may, but is not required to,
immediately appoint a manager to maintain the operations of the Franchised Business on Franchisee’s
behalf until an approved manager can assume the operation of the Franchised Business. H&R Block’s
appointment of a Franchised Business manager does not relieve Franchisee of its obligations, and H&R
Block will not be liable for any debts, losses, costs, or expenses incurred in operating the Franchised
Business or to any creditor of Franchisee for any products, materials, supplies, or services purchased by the
Franchised Business while it is managed by H&R Block’s appointed manager. H&R Block may charge a
reasonable fee for management services and may cease to provide management services at any time.

        20.5    Failure to Transfer. If an interest is not transferred upon death or Incapacity as required
in this Section 20 of this Agreement, the failure will constitute a material event of default under this
Agreement.

21.     Indemnification.

        21.1    Franchisee’s Duty to Indemnify. Franchisee will indemnify, defend (using counsel
chosen by H&R Block), and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all Losses and Expenses incurred or
assessed as a result of any act, error, or omission, or any alleged act, error, or omission of Franchisee,
Franchisee’s Associates, or any of their agents, representatives, independent contractors, or employees in
connection with this Agreement or the Franchised Business.

        21.2     Notice and Counsel. Franchisee will immediately notify H&R Block in writing of any
Action. H&R Block may engage, at Franchisee’s expense, separate counsel to represent the Indemnitees
in the Action or elect to assume (but under no circumstance will H&R Block be obligated to undertake) the
defense or reasonable settlement of any Action.
                                                     30
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
