million, $14.1 million and $10.1 million, respectively. The total penalties, if any, recorded for the same periods were
immaterial. The total gross interest and penalties accrued as of June 30, 2025 and 2024 totaled $44.7 million and
$42.0 million, respectively.

NOTE 10: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Our U.S. and Canadian businesses offer our 100% accuracy guarantee. Assisted tax returns are covered by our 100%
accuracy guarantee, whereby we will reimburse a client for penalties and interest attributable to an H&R Block error
on a return. DIY tax returns are covered by our 100% accuracy guarantee, whereby we will reimburse a client (up to
a maximum of $10,000 in the U.S), if our software makes an arithmetic error that results in payment of penalties
and/or interest to the respective taxing authority that a client would otherwise not have been required to pay. Our
liability related to estimated losses under the 100% accuracy guarantee was $11.4 million and $14.1 million as of
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The short-term and long-term portions of this liability are included in deferred
revenue and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
   Liabilities related to acquisitions for (1) estimated contingent consideration based on expected financial
performance of the acquired business and economic conditions at the time of acquisition and (2) estimated accrued
compensation related to continued employment of key employees were $29.6 million and $26.9 million as of
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, with amounts recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities. These
liabilities will be settled within the next ten years. Should actual results differ from our estimates, future payments
made will differ from the above estimate and any differences will be recorded in results from continuing operations.
  We have contractual commitments to fund certain franchises with approved short-term lines of credit for the
purpose of meeting their seasonal working capital needs. Our total obligation under these lines of credit was $0.4
million as of June 30, 2025, and net of amounts drawn and outstanding, our remaining commitment to fund totaled
$0.2 million.
   We are self-insured for certain risks, including employer provided medical benefits, workers' compensation,
property, general liability, tax errors and omissions, and claims related to POM. These programs maintain various
self-insured retentions and commercial insurance is purchased in excess of the self-insured retentions for all but
POM in company-owned offices and employer provided medical benefits. We accrue estimated losses for self-
insured retentions using actuarial models and assumptions based on historical loss experience.

  We have a deferred compensation plan that permits certain employees to defer portions of their compensation
and accrue income on the deferred amounts. Included in deferred revenue and other liabilities is $9.0 million and
$10.1 million as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, reflecting our obligation under this plan.
   Emerald Advance® term loans are originated by Pathward® N.A. (Pathward). We purchase participation interests,
at par, in all EAs originated by Pathward in accordance with our participation agreement. Our participation interest
varies by jurisdiction. During fiscal year 2025, our purchased participation interests represented 87% of total EA
volume originated by Pathward. See note 4 for additional information about these balances.

   Refund Advance loans are originated by Pathward and offered to certain assisted U.S. tax preparation clients,
based on client eligibility as determined by Pathward. We pay fees primarily based on loan size and customer type.
We have provided a guarantee up to $18.0 million related to certain loans to clients prior to the IRS accepting
electronic filing. We accrued an estimated liability of $2.2 million at June 30, 2025 related to this guarantee. As of
June 30, 2024 we had $1.4 million accrued under the Refund Advance guarantee agreement, and we paid
$2.6 million, net of recoveries, related to that guarantee during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025.
   We offer POM to U.S. and Canadian clients, whereby we (1) represent our clients if they are audited by a taxing
authority, and (2) assume the cost, subject to certain limits, of additional taxes owed by a client resulting from errors
attributable to H&R Block. The additional taxes paid under POM have a cumulative limit of $6,000 for U.S. clients
and $3,000 CAD for Canadian clients with respect to the federal, state/provincial and local tax returns we prepared
for applicable clients during the taxable year protected by POM. A loss on POM would be recognized if the sum of
expected costs for services exceeded unearned revenue.


                                                                                      H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   61
