           (a)     a completed and signed financial statement in such form as Franchise Partner may
require;

       (b)      a copy of our federal income tax returns, including all applicable schedules, attachments
and exhibits; and

        (c)    any other financial statement or information concerning our financial affairs which
Franchise Partner may request from time to time.

12. Events of Default and Remedies.

        (a)     Each of the following events is an “Event of Default” (which we agree also constitutes a
“material and substantial breach” of the terms of our FLA pertaining to our Franchise Business):

                   (i)     Any failure to make a timely payment of any amount due, in the full amount due,
           under this Agreement.

                    (ii)   Any failure to perform any of our agreements or covenants contained in the FLA,
           or any inaccuracy in or breach of any of our representations or warranties in the FLA.

                  (iii)    Any failure to perform any of our agreements or covenants contained in this
           Agreement or any other Credit Document, or any inaccuracy in or breach of any of our
           representations or warranties in this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

                   (iv)     The death or incapacity of any natural person who gave Franchise Partner a
           security interest to secure the amounts we owe under this Agreement or any other Credit
           Document.

                   (v)      Any dissolution, change in control, appointment of a receiver, insolvency, filing
           of bankruptcy, sale of assets or attempt to terminate any guaranty of the obligations under this
           Agreement or any other Credit Document by any corporation, limited liability company,
           partnership or other entity that signed this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

                  (vi)     Any garnishment, attachment, levy, execution, seizure, restraint or similar
           process against any Collateral.

                   (vii)    Any entry of an injunction or other court order against us that prohibits or
           otherwise prevents us from conducting, transacting or engaging in the Franchise Business
           including, without limitation, filing income tax returns electronically.

                    (viii)   Any sale, disposition, assignment, gift or other transfer of any Collateral without
           the prior written consent of Franchise Partner.

                   (ix)     Any termination of any independent contractor agreement or any financial
           products license agreement between H&R Block Tax Services, or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries,
           parents, or franchisees, or any of its successors or assigns, pertaining to our Franchise Business.

                   (x)     Any event or condition which, in Franchise Partner’s sole discretion, is a material
           adverse change in our business or financial condition, or the business or financial condition of
           any endorser, guarantor or surety for our debts, or which materially and adversely affects, or
           reasonably could affect, the ability of any of the foregoing to perform their respective obligations
           to Franchise Partner.

                     (xi)    Any written notice to us of the reasonable determination by Franchise Partner
           that it deems itself insecure with respect to the payment of the Obligations or with respect to any
           of the Collateral, including the reasons therefor;




                                                    7
