                                          ARTICLE 9
                                    TERM AND TERMINATION

        Section 9.1 Term. The term of this Franchise Distribution Agreement (the "Term")
commences as of the Effective Date and will terminate on the earlier of (a) November 1, 2026, (b)
the date Franchisee executes a new agreement among Franchisee, Pathward and EFS relating to
the distribution of Financial Products under the Program, (c) the date of termination or expiration
of the PMA or (d) the date of termination or expiration of the Franchise License Agreement. This
Franchise Distribution Agreement may be terminated early by written agreement of the Parties.

        Section 9.2 Early Termination for Cause. This Franchise Distribution Agreement may
be terminated by any Party immediately upon notice to the non-terminating Parties if (i) any
representation or warranty of a non-terminating Party in this Franchise Distribution Agreement is
breached and fails to be true and correct in any material respect as of the date when made or
reaffirmed, or (ii) a non-terminating Party fails to perform any material covenant or other
agreement contained in this Franchise Distribution Agreement and the same remains uncured for
a period of thirty (30) days after the terminating Party provides written notice thereof; and in either
case, such breach or failure has a Material Adverse Effect on the terminating Party or the Program.

       Section 9.3 Continuing Obligations. Termination of this Franchise Distribution
Agreement will not affect the rights or obligations of any Party that accrue prior to termination or
with respect to any transactions involving any Financial Product occurring or arising prior to
termination, or which, under the PMA, continue after termination. If, pursuant to Section
14.5(a)(i) (Duties After Termination) of the PMA, EFS directs Pathward to cease offering Financial
Products, then Franchisee will not solicit, market or advertise the Financial Products or accept new
Applications except as otherwise mutually directed by EFS and Pathward pursuant to the terms of
the PMA.

        Section 9.4 Right to Suspend Franchise Location. Pathward may, after consultation
with and notice to EFS and the Franchisee, suspend the issuance of Financial Products in a
particular Franchise Location, in Pathward's reasonable good faith discretion, if Franchisee fails
to perform any material covenant or other obligation contained in this Franchise Distribution
Agreement and such failure would cause Pathward to be in violation of Applicable Law or present
a significant risk of financial harm to Pathward.

                                           ARTICLE 10
                                         MISCELLANEOUS

       Section 10.1 Limitation of Liability for Refund Advance. Except in the case of gross
negligence, willful misconduct, or actual fraud, no Party will be liable to another Party under this
Franchise Distribution Agreement for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive, or
exemplary damages, or lost profits if those indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive, or
exemplary damages, or lost profits arose with respect to the Refund Advance product, whether in
contract, tort (whether in negligence or strict liability) or other legal or equitable theory, regardless
of whether such Party knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages.




                                                   24
                                                              2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit I-3
