7.      Remote Computer Access for Audits and Service.

        7.1      Audits and Assistance. H&R Block may audit your Franchised Business remotely by
accessing your computer system electronically. You may also request computer assistance, including
troubleshooting, technical support, and diagnostic services from H&R Block. You acknowledge and authorize
H&R Block to have unlimited remote computer access rights to your system to perform audits and service, and
you must cooperate with H&R Block in implementing any resulting recommendations or computer-related
maintenance actions.

        7.2     Service. If service involves transferring information or installing software, you represent that
you have the legal right to copy the information, use the software, agree to the terms of the software license,
and authorize H&R Block to transfer information and accept the terms on your behalf in performing the service.

         7.3     Remote Computer Access. You give H&R Block unlimited remote access to your computer
data, hardware, software, and any applicable network or related device to provide services or perform audits.
You will allow H&R Block to temporarily control your computer and access your computer functions, with or
without prior notice to you. If requested by H&R Block, you will leave your computer and internet connection
operating while H&R Block provides the services described above. You understand that while providing
services, H&R Block may access personal information on your computer or information related to your
computer. H&R Block will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of any
information viewed by H&R Block on your computer, except as required by law. H&R Block may download
third-party software applications that constantly or intermittently run on your computer that may execute code
to analyze system performance and scan for problems. The software provided by H&R Block is provided
solely as a convenience to you and does not constitute or imply an endorsement, guarantee, warranty,
sponsorship, or recommendation of affiliation with the third party or its products or services.

        7.4      No Warranty. In providing the service described in this Section 7, H&R Block specifically
disclaims all warranties, remedies, and conditions (whether oral or written, express or implied) including
warranties of merchantability and fitness for the particular purpose, with respect to the service performed for
you by H&R Block. H&R Block does not guarantee that it will locate, diagnose, or fix any problems, including
eliminating viruses, worms, spyware, or similar programs.

         7.5      Limitation of Liability. If damages occur while your computer or systems are being serviced,
H&R Block has no liability for the cost to repair the affected computer or systems. H&R Block has no liability
for indirect, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, including without limitation, loss of use, lost profits
or revenue, or any other damages not otherwise expressly permitted under this Agreement. H&R Block
expressly has no liability for loss of or damage to data or software applications while performing service. It is
intended that this limitation applies to any and all liability or cause of action however alleged or arising,
unless otherwise prohibited by law, including but not limited to negligence, breach of contract, or any other
claim whether in tort, contract, or equity.

       7.6     Data Protection. You are required to conduct all Franchised Business on the H&R Block
Program and System and to maintain and store all Client Data only as instructed in the Manual.

8.      Licensed Marks; Advertising.

        8.1     H&R Block Names and Logos. Any names or logos used by H&R Block in connection with
the Program and System are Licensed Marks. Franchisee must use the names and logos selected by H&R
Block to describe or market the Program and System. Franchisee must not use any other names or logos in


                                                              2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                    Exhibit I-1
                                                        6
