Franchisor/Franchisee commitments, relationship, and expectations;
H&R Block client service model;
Franchise employee matters;
Training programs; and
Marketing and growth opportunities.

You are continually encouraged to take our self-directed training that provides additional training and
updates of our systems and process.

Franchise training programs are supervised by Roxane Harris, Vice President US Franchise/Block
Advisors, who is named in Item 2 Business Experience of this disclosure document. Our training staff
includes individuals with tax industry experience of up to 15 years who have hands-on knowledge and
experience in subjects included in the Initial Training and are responsible for providing client and
operational support for H&R Block.

Initial Training is provided to you free of charge; however, you are responsible for all other expenses that
you incur when attending virtual Initial Training, including wages (refer to FLA § 7).

2.       Tax Preparation Training

H&R Block also offers ongoing training opportunities related to the preparation of tax returns. One of these
opportunities is H&R Block’s Income Tax Course (“ITC”). This course is offered virtually and in multiple
locations throughout the United States, including franchise locations and provides instruction on the
preparation of tax returns. In most locations, students are required to remit a materials fee for ITC course
materials, but the class is offered free of charge.

In addition, H&R Block and H&R Block franchisees offer ongoing classes on tax preparation. You and
your employees are eligible to take this training for a fee. This training includes both web-based training
and instructor-led training.

You and your employees may also be required to take annual training on H&R Block’s products and
services or on other compliance-related matters that H&R Block designates as required training. This
annual required training typically includes approximately 19 hours of training. The required training is
provided free of charge by H&R Block, but Franchisees are responsible for all costs and expenses of
complying with the required training including any labor expenses for your employees.

Advertising and Promotion

At our expense, we engage in advertising and promotions as we deem advisable (See FLA §§ 2 and 7). We
control all advertising programs, including the concepts, materials, and media used in those programs. We
use an outside advertising agency to help us create and place advertising. Advertising may be disseminated
through the internet, radio, and television media on a local, regional, or national basis.

While we are not obligated to spend any amount on advertising in your Franchise Territory, we offer local
marketing assistance to eligible franchisees. This program is referred to as Brand Management Budget and
is described in the Manual. We allocate the greater of $500 or 1% of the franchisee’s Net Amount Subject
to Royalties that you reported in our previous Fiscal Year ending June 30. The allocation is calculated
annually and is available for you to use on or around July 15. Our prior approval is required for all Brand
Management Budget expenditures and only certain qualified expenses will be approved. This program may
be modified by us at our discretion, and we may choose to discontinue this program. We also have pre-



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                     21
