                                                                                       Admin. ID _________



                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                     FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MINNESOTA

In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Statutes Annotated, §§ 80C.01 through 80C.22 (the
“Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”), for use in the State of
Minnesota, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. If the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, the
provisions are hereby amended as follows:

         1.1    Termination and Cure. Any provision in the FLA that conflicts with the termination,
notice, renewal, or cure provisions of the Act will be amended to the extent necessary to conform to the
requirements of the Act.

                 1.1.1 With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, a
franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure). Termination of the franchise by
the franchisor shall be effective immediately upon receipt by franchisee of the notice of termination where
its grounds for termination or cancellation are: (1) voluntary abandonment of the franchise relationship by
the franchisee; (2) the conviction of the franchisee of an offense directly related to the business conducted
according to the FLA; or (3) failure of the franchisee to cure a default under the FLA which materially
impairs the goodwill associated with the franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or
other commercial symbol after the franchisee has received written notice to cure of at least twenty-four (24)
hours in advance thereof.

                1.1.2 With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, that
franchisee be given 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the FLA.

       1.2     Jurisdiction and Venue. To the extent governed by Minnesota state law, any provision in
the FLA that designates a jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside the State of Minnesota may be
unenforceable.

        1.3      Indemnification. The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that franchisor
indemnify franchisees whose franchise is located in Minnesota against liability to third parties resulting
from claims by third parties that the franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademarks (“Marks”) infringe upon
the trademark rights of the third party. Franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a
franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademark, but franchisor shall indemnify franchisee for claims against
franchisee solely as it relates to franchisee’s use of the Marks in accordance with the requirements of the
FLA and franchisor’s standards. As a further condition to indemnification, the franchisee must provide
notice to franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender the defense of the claim to franchisor. If
franchisor accepts tender of defense, franchisor has the right to manage the defense of the claim, including
the right to compromise, settle, or otherwise resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final
determination of the claim.

        1.4    Waiver. Franchisee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or
waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22.

         1.5     Choice of Law. To the extent governed by Minnesota state law, any provision in the FLA
that designates a choice of law outside the State of Minnesota may be unenforceable. Any claims franchisee

                                                   B-13
                                                                          2025 Minnesota State Amendment to the FLA
                                                                                                          Exhibit B
