     DIY tax preparation. Revenues include fees for online and desktop tax preparation software and for electronic
filing or printing. Revenues for online software and printing for clients that choose to print and mail their returns,
are recognized when the customer uses the software to complete a return. Revenues for desktop software are
recognized when the software is sold to the end user. Revenues for electronic filing are recognized when the return
is electronically filed.

   Refund Transfer. Revenues are recognized when the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) filing acknowledgment is
received and the bank account is established at our bank partner, PathwardTM, N.A. (Pathward), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pathward Financial, Inc.

   Emerald Card® and SpruceSM. Revenues consist of interchange income from the use of debit cards and fees paid
by cardholders. Interchange income is a fee paid by merchants to our bank partner through the card networks.
Revenues associated with Emerald Card® and SpruceSM are recognized based on authorization of cardholder
transactions.

    Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan. Revenues are initially deferred and recognized over the term of the plan,
based on the historical pattern of actual claims paid, as claims paid represent the transfer of POM services to the
customer. The plan is effective for the life of the tax return, which can be up to six years; however, the majority of
claims are incurred in years two and three after the sale of POM. POM has multiple performance obligations where
we represent our clients if they are audited by a taxing authority, and assume the cost, subject to certain limits, of
additional taxes owed by a client resulting from errors attributable to H&R Block. Incremental wages are also
deferred and recognized over the term of the plan, in conjunction with the revenues earned.

    Tax Identity Shield®. Revenues are initially deferred and are recognized as the various services are provided to
the client, either by us or a third party, throughout the term of the contract, which generally ends on April 30th of
the following year. TIS has multiple performance obligations where we provide clients assistance in helping protect
their tax identity and access to services to help restore their tax identity, if necessary. Protection services include a
daily scan of the dark web for personal information, a monthly scan for the client's social security number in credit
header data, notifying clients if their information is detected on a tax return filed through H&R Block, and obtaining
additional IRS identity protections when eligible.

   Interest and fee income on Emerald Advance®. Interest income is recorded over the life of the loan and late fees
are recorded when the loan becomes 15 days past due.

   Wave®. Revenues primarily consist of fees received to process payment transactions and are generally calculated
as a percentage of the transaction amounts processed. Revenues are recognized upon authorization of the
transaction.

  MARKETING AND ADVERTISING – Marketing and advertising costs are expensed as used and totaled $285.8
million, $277.7 million and $286.3 million in fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS – We have a 401(k) defined contribution plan in the U.S., and similar plans
internationally, covering eligible full-time and seasonal employees following the completion of an eligibility period.
Employer contributions to these plans are discretionary and totaled $28.9 million, $25.7 million and $25.6 million
for continuing operations in fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
   We have severance plans covering executives and eligible regular full-time or part-time active employees who
incur a qualifying termination. Expenses related to severance benefits for continuing operations totaled $8.4 million,
$2.6 million and $6.9 million in fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.




                                                                                      H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   48
