                                     EXHIBIT I-2
                     PEACE OF MIND FRANCHISE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

This Peace of Mind Franchise Acknowledgement (“Acknowledgement”) is entered into between HRB Tax
Group, Inc., and its affiliates, when applicable (“H&R Block”) and Franchisee of H&R Block
(“Franchisee”) (collectively “Parties”).

H&R Block has developed the Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan (“POM”) to offer individual
taxpayer clients a service warranty on tax preparation services, including, subject to Peace of Mind®
Extended Service Plan Terms and Conditions, reimbursement of up to $6,000 for additional taxes owed due
to an error in the preparation of a client’s tax return and other ancillary services as noted below.

H&R Block requires Franchisee to offer POM and comply with the terms and conditions contained in this
Acknowledgement. Any capitalized terms not defined here will have the same meaning as referenced in
the Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”).

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements in this Acknowledgement, the Parties agree as
follows:

1.      Term.

This Acknowledgement begins the day the 2025 tax preparation software control files are set for the
Franchisee and continues until December 31, 2026, unless terminated by H&R Block as follows: a) upon
at least 30 days’ advance, written notice to Franchisee; or (b) immediately upon written notice to Franchisee
that Franchisee is in material breach or material default of this Acknowledgement or the FLA.

2.      Acceptance of Terms and Conditions.

If Franchisee offers POM without accepting the terms and conditions of this Acknowledgement,
Franchisee’s consent to the terms and conditions of this Acknowledgement will be implied from the sale of
POM. Franchisee’s POM sales, regardless of the originating office, must comply with all terms and
conditions in this Acknowledgement and the terms and conditions specified in the Peace of Mind® Extended
Service Plan Terms and Conditions, between Franchisee and the taxpayer client, which are updated yearly
and can be found at https://www.hrblock.com/pdf/peace-of-mind-extended-service-plan-terms.pdf or
otherwise through https://hrblock.com. To accept this Acknowledgement, Franchisee must comply with the
instructions in WebCDB (https://webcdb.hrblock.com) or as otherwise instructed by H&R Block.

3.      Franchisee’s Covenants.

Franchisee must comply with the following covenants when offering POM to taxpayer clients:

       3.1     Report Sales Daily. Each Franchisee must report POM sales daily through Block Pay,
H&R Block’s Point of Sale System in BlockWorks, which will be accounted for in the Financial
Information Network (“FIN”).

       3.2      Pricing and Promotions. POM pricing will be at the Franchisee’s discretion. All
promotions and offerings of POM will comply with the procedures, guidelines, and restrictions established
by H&R Block. All brochures, marketing, training, or other materials associated with the sale, solicitation,
or promotion of POM will be provided by H&R Block or approved by H&R Block in writing prior to their
use.
                                                                       2025 Peace of Mind Franchise Acknowledgement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-2
                                                      1
