       compromise or settle any such claim or action without the prior approval of the indemnitor.

        Section 10.3 Binding Agreement; Assignment. This Franchise Distribution Agreement
is binding on the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may
assign any rights or obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other Parties.

        Section 10.4 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Franchise Distribution Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings. This Franchise Distribution Agreement may
be amended or modified only by a written instrument executed by each Party.

        Section 10.5 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing
in this Franchise Distribution Agreement is intended or will be deemed to confer any rights or
benefits upon any Person other than the Parties or to make or render any such other Person a third-
party beneficiary of this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

        Section 10.6 Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of any of the Parties to insist, in any
one or more instances, on the performance of any terms or conditions of this Franchise Distribution
Agreement will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or
of the future performance of any such term or condition, and the obligations of any non-performing
Party with respect thereto will continue in full force and effect.

       Section 10.7 Severability. If any provision of this Franchise Distribution Agreement is
held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the Parties will work in good faith to reform such
provision and all other provisions will remain valid and enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

        Section 10.8 Notice. All notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or
permitted under this Franchise Distribution Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed
effective upon personal delivery, upon email receipt (but only when acknowledged as received by
the Party to whom such notice or other communication is to be given or made), or upon receipt
when sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service which provides for tracking and
receipt upon delivery, addressed to the Party to whom such notice or other communication is to be
given or made at such Party's address as set forth below, or to such other address as such Party
may designate in writing to the other Parties:

        If to Pathward:                               Pathward, N.A.
                                                      Attn: Anthony Sharett
                                                      5501 South Broadband Lane
                                                      Sioux Falls, SD 57108
                                                      Email: asharett@pathward.com

        With a copy to:                               Pathward, N.A.
                                                      Attn: General Counsel
                                                      5501 South Broadband Lane
                                                      Sioux Falls, SD 57108
                                                      Email: legalnotice@pathward.com

                                                 26
                                                             2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit I-3
