5.      Initial Franchise Fee. Franchisee will pay H&R Block a $2,500 initial franchise fee upon
execution of this Agreement. The initial franchise fee is not refundable in whole or in part and is fully
earned by H&R Block upon execution of this Agreement in consideration for, among other things, H&R
Block’s administrative expenses and lost or deferred opportunities in entering into this Agreement.

6.       Royalties and Reporting Periods. Franchisee will pay H&R Block royalties on revenue generated
by the Franchised Business. Depending on the revenue source and when the royalties are paid, different
royalty rates will apply.

        6.1     Percentage Royalty Rates. The percentage royalty rates applicable during each Reporting
Period on the Net Amount Subject to Royalties will be as follows:

   On That Portion Of
   Net Amount Subject
   To Royalties During
   Each Calendar Year              The Standard             The Early Payment                  The Incentive
         That Is                  Royalty Rate Is            Royalty Rate Is                  Royalty Rate Is

      $5,000 or less                   60%                           50%                             N/A

       Over $5,000                     40%                           30%                             20%

                (A)    Standard Royalty Rate. The “Standard Royalty Rate” will apply if royalties are
        paid to H&R Block within 30 days of the end of the applicable Reporting Period and neither the
        Early Payment Royalty Rate nor the Incentive Royalty Rate applies.

                 (B)     Early Payment Royalty Rate. The “Early Payment Royalty Rate” will apply if
        royalties are paid to H&R Block not later than 4 days after the end of the Reporting Period to which
        the royalties relate, no amounts payable to H&R Block under this Agreement or otherwise are
        overdue, and the Incentive Royalty Rate does not apply.

                 (C)     Incentive Royalty Rate. The “Incentive Royalty Rate” will apply to any Net
        Amount Subject to Royalties for a calendar year that exceeds the average of the Net Amount
        Subject to Royalties of Franchisee for the 2 immediately preceding calendar years, referred to as
        the “Incentive Base.” The Incentive Royalty Rate will be 20% if paid to H&R Block within 4 days
        after the end of the applicable Reporting Period. If royalties are not paid within 4 days after the
        end of the applicable Reporting Period, the Standard Royalty Rate will apply.

        If Franchisee acquires all or substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Business from a then-
existing H&R Block franchisee during a Tax Season, Franchisee will be eligible for the Incentive Royalty
Rate for the balance of that Tax Season if the preceding franchisee had established an Incentive Base
applicable to the Franchised Business for that Tax Season.

        6.2      Product-Specific Royalty Rate. H&R Block may, but will not be obligated to, designate
revenue from the sale of certain products or services to be subject to a “Product-Specific Royalty Rate,”
expressed as a percentage of the revenue, a fixed dollar amount per product or service sold by Franchisee,
or some combination of a percentage of revenue and a fixed dollar amount. The products and services that
are subject to the Product-Specific Royalty Rate and the applicable rate will be set out in the Manual.

        6.3     Royalty Reporting Periods and Payment Due Dates. Franchisee will pay royalties due
on revenue received during each Reporting Period within 30 days of the end of each Reporting Period. All

                                                     8
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
