under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are
also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our Disclosure Controls were designed to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures
would meet their objectives. Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does
not expect that our Disclosure Controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives and
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
persons, by collusions of two or more people or by management override of the control. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective, maturing control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected.

  As of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, management, under the supervision and with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operations of our Disclosure Controls. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded our Disclosure Controls were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

   (b) MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING – Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025 based on the criteria established in "Internal Control – Integrated
Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), using the
2013 framework.
  Based on our assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30,
2025, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria set forth by COSO.
   The Company's external auditors that audited the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Deloitte &
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, have issued an audit report on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. This report appears near the beginning of Item 8.
   (c) CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING – During the quarter ended June 30, 2025,
there were no changes that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.




                                                                                     H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   66
