          “Instrument” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of the date
hereof.


          “Loan Amount” means the amount set forth in Section 2(a) of this Agreement.

          “Loan Interest Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement.

          “Maturity Date” means [Maturity Date] which is the date on which full payment for the STL is due, as set
forth in the Transaction Summary.

          “NSF Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of this Agreement.

          “Obligations” has the meaning set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement.

        “Payment Intangible” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of
the date hereof.

       “Prime Rate” means the prime rate of interest published in The Wall Street Journal as of the last day of
each calendar month (or, if no rate was published for that day, the most recent preceding day on which the rate
was published).

          “Promissory Note” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) of this Agreement.

          “STL” means this Short-Term Loan.

          “Transaction Summary” has the meaning set forth in Appendix A.

          “We,” “us” and “our” mean any natural persons, partnership, corporation or other entity listed above or
          which has signed this Agreement.

          2. Loan Amount; Permitted Use of Loan Proceeds.

                  (a)     Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents,
          and in reliance upon our representations and warranties and our other commitments and obligations in
          this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, Franchise Partner agrees to extend credit to us in a
          principal amount of up to [$Requested Borrowing Amount from loan terms and conditions] (the “Loan
          Amount”). The aggregate unpaid amounts outstanding under our STL (including unpaid interest,
          Administration Fees, late charges and any other charges or fees) shall be subject to the terms of this
          Agreement. Amounts borrowed under the STL may be repaid prior to the Maturity Date without penalty
          and may be re-borrowed subject to the terms hereof so long as the total principal balance outstanding
          under this STL at any one time does not exceed the Loan Amount.

                  (b)      We agree to use money we borrow from Franchise Partner only in connection with our
          operation of the Franchise Business. The proceeds from this STL will not be used for personal, family or
          household (i.e. non-commercial) purposes.

                   (c)     We authorize Franchise Partner to record in its books and records the date and amount
          of each loan; interest, Administration Fee, late charges and any other charges or fees; each payment
          thereof; and the unpaid balance thereof. Those records are prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the
          information contained therein, except that the failure of Franchise Partner to record, or any error in
          recording, the information shall not limit, enlarge or otherwise affect our obligation to repay or pay the
          amounts due pursuant to this Agreement.

          3. Interest.

                 (a)     The unpaid balance will accrue interest from the dates on which the balance arose until
          we repay the amount borrowed. The interest will accrue at a variable rate per annum equal to the [Interest




                                                          2
