                (C)     Advertise or promote the Franchised Business by unsolicited e-mail, automated or
        prerecorded telephone calls, text messages, faxing, or any other method that H&R Block prohibits
        in the Manual or otherwise in writing.

        H&R Block may advertise and promote the H&R Block System and Network Offices using any
methods or media, regardless of where the media originates or is directed, including within the Franchise
Territory.

        Any advertising used by Franchisee pertaining to the Franchised Business will comply with the
standards and specifications set forth in the Manual, which may include standards regarding content and
media, and will only be used if preapproved (and not later disapproved) in writing by H&R Block.
Franchisee is required to be truthful, accurate, and not misleading and must comply with all applicable laws
in all marketing and other communications relating to the Franchised Business.

         2.3      Optional Services. With H&R Block’s prior written consent, Franchisee may offer
Optional Services in the Franchised Business. H&R Block may impose restrictions, conditions, and other
limitations upon Franchisee’s offer of Optional Services, including a requirement that Franchisee enter into
an addendum to this Agreement pertaining to the offer of Optional Services. If Franchisee elects not to
offer an Optional Service or, in H&R Block’s judgment, is unable to comply with the conditions,
restrictions, or other limitations that H&R Block imposes on the offer of Optional Services, H&R Block
may give Franchisee 30 days’ written notice (for purposes of this Section 2.3, the “Notice Period”) of the
intention by H&R Block or its affiliates to offer or authorize others to offer the Optional Service under the
Licensed Marks from physical locations in the Franchise Territory. If Franchisee does not provide notice
to H&R Block within the Notice Period that Franchisee will offer the Optional Service by no later than 30
days after the expiration of the Notice Period, H&R Block or its affiliates may offer or license others to
offer the Optional Services under the Licensed Marks from physical locations within the Franchise
Territory. In addition, if Franchisee does not begin offering the Optional Service during the first 30 days
of the Tax Season immediately after it exercises its right to do so, H&R Block or its affiliates may offer or
license others to offer the Optional Services under the Licensed Marks from physical locations within the
Franchise Territory. If Franchisee elects to offer any Optional Service, it will do so continuously throughout
the remaining term of this Agreement.

         2.4      Outlets in National or Regional Retail Businesses and Government Facilities. H&R
Block or its affiliates may enter into agreements with national or regional retail businesses or military and
other government facilities and installations to offer Authorized Services at their retail locations, facilities,
and installations, which may include sites within the Franchise Territory. If sites within the Franchise
Territory are included in the agreement, H&R Block will offer Franchisee the opportunity to operate the
Franchised Business at those retail locations, facilities, or installations within the Franchise Territory under
terms and conditions that H&R Block may prescribe provided the agreement permits H&R Block or its
affiliates to allow the Franchisee to operate at the site. If Franchisee does not operate the Franchised
Business at a location, facility, or installation within 30 days after H&R Block’s offer, H&R Block or its
affiliates may choose to operate or license others to operate a business that provides the Authorized Services
(which business may, but need not, use the Licensed Marks and the H&R Block System) at those retail
locations, facilities, or installations without notice or obligation to Franchisee.

        2.5      Subsequently Designated Authorized Services. If Franchisee is offering a product or
service under a name or mark other than the Licensed Marks at the time when H&R Block designates the
product or service as an Authorized Service, Franchisee may elect to continue to offer the product or service
under the other name or mark, but may not concurrently offer the product or service under the Licensed
Marks or at any Approved Location without H&R Block’s prior written consent.


                                                       5
                                                             2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                              Exhibit F-1
