25.      Non-Waiver of Breach. Neither party’s failure to exercise any right or remedy or to enforce any
obligation, covenant, or agreement contained in this Agreement will constitute a waiver by, or estoppel of,
that party’s right to enforce strict compliance with any obligation, covenant, or agreement contained in this
Agreement. No custom or practice will modify or amend this Agreement. Neither party’s waiver of, or
failure or inability to enforce, any right or remedy will impair that party’s rights or remedies with respect
to any subsequent default of the same, similar, or different nature. Acceptance of any payment will not
waive any default.

26.      Judgment; Discretion. H&R Block may exercise any discretion conferred by this Agreement in
accordance with its good faith business judgment, which may be based on, among other considerations,
H&R Block’s view of its own business interests and of the interests of the brand associated with the
Licensed Marks. Franchisee understands that H&R Block’s exercise of its discretion is conclusive and final
for all purposes and may not result in a decision that is in the best interests of Franchisee.

27.     Cancellation of Prior Understandings; Amendments.

          27.1    Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the full understanding by and between the Parties,
and any and all prior inducements, understandings, agreements, or commitments of any kind, oral or
written, regarding the subject matter of this Agreement are hereby superseded and cancelled, with no further
liabilities or obligations of the Parties except for any amounts due and unpaid between the Parties to this
Agreement at the time this Agreement is signed. Nothing in this or any related agreement; however, is
intended to disclaim the representations H&R Block makes in the disclosure document described in Section
38.3 of this Agreement.

         27.2   Absence of Financial Performance Representations. Franchisee acknowledges that
neither H&R Block nor any of its agents or employees has made any representations, orally or in writing,
in regard to the average, actual, projected, or other earnings, profit, or income relating to the franchise
granted under this Agreement or has made any other claim regarding the financial or other potential success
of the franchise provided; however, that if this Agreement is being executed in conjunction with
Franchisee’s acquisition and continued operation of an existing Network Office, H&R Block may have
provided the actual operating results of such existing Network Office to Franchisee prior to the execution
of this Agreement.

       27.3    Amendment Only in Writing; Representations in Franchise Disclosure Document.
Except as expressly provided herein and subject to H&R Block’s rights to modify the Manual, this
Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by the Parties. Nothing in this or any related
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations H&R Block made in its franchise disclosure
document.

28.      Survival. The provisions of Sections 12, 16, 21, 22, and all other provisions of this Agreement
that by the nature of the rights and obligations contained in those provisions extend beyond the term of this
Agreement, will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

29.     Applicable Law; Partial Invalidity.

         29.1    Choice of Law. This Agreement and all claims arising from or in any way related to the
relationship between the Parties will be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, without regard to its
conflict of law rules, except that any Missouri law regulating the sale of franchises or governing the
relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met
independently without reference to this Section 29.1.

                                                     33
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
