33.    Binding Effect. This Agreement is not binding on the Parties until it is signed by
Franchisee and by an officer of H&R Block. This Agreement will be considered entered into in
Kansas City, Missouri.

34.       Legal Entity as Franchisee. H&R Block may at its sole option permit a corporation, partnership,
trust, or other legal entity to sign this Agreement as Franchisee. The individual named below as Principal
personally assumes and agrees to be personally bound by, faithfully perform, and cure the default of any
performance of all terms, covenants, conditions, and obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement.

        If Franchisee consists of more than one person or legal entity, or a combination thereof, the
obligations and liabilities of each person or entity to H&R Block are joint and several.

35.     Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts each of which when
so signed will be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

36.      Headings and Use of Certain Terms. The section headings in this Agreement are for convenient
reference only and will be given no substantive or interpretive effect. The words “include” and “including”
will be construed to include the words “without limitation.”

37.     Further Assurances. Franchisee will sign and deliver to H&R Block any and all additional papers,
documents, and other assurances and will do any and all acts and things reasonably necessary in connection
with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

38.     Acknowledgments.

        38.1    Independent Investigation. Franchisee and Principal acknowledge that they have
conducted an independent investigation of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement and
recognize that the success of this business venture involves substantial business risks and will largely
depend upon the ability of Franchisee. H&R Block expressly disclaims making, and Franchisee and
Principal acknowledge that they have not received or relied on, any warranty or guaranty, express or
implied, as to the potential volume, profits, or success of the business venture contemplated by this
Agreement.

        38.2     Opportunity to Assess Risks. Franchisee and Principal acknowledge that they have
received, read, and understand this Agreement and the related attachments and agreements and that H&R
Block has afforded them sufficient time and opportunity to consult with advisors selected by them about
the potential benefits and risks entering into this Agreement.

        38.3     Receipt of Disclosure Document. Franchisee and Principal acknowledge that they have
received a complete copy of this Agreement and all related attachments and agreements at least 7 days
before the date on which this Agreement was signed. Franchisee and Principal further acknowledge that
they have received the disclosure document required by the Trade Regulation Rule of the Federal Trade
Commission entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising” at least 14 days
before the date this Agreement was signed.

         38.4   Commercial Relationship. Franchisee and Principal acknowledge that this Agreement
creates an arm’s length, commercial relationship that cannot and will not be transformed into a fiduciary or
other “special” relationship by course of dealing, by any special indulgences or benefits that Franchisor
bestows on Franchisee, or by inference from a party’s conduct.



                                                    35
                                                          2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit F-1
