11.     Books and Records; Inspections.

        11.1     General Accounting Principles.

                (A)     Retention Requirements. Franchisee will maintain and retain full, complete, and
        accurate books, records, and accounts of the Franchised Business in the form, manner and for the
        time periods prescribed by H&R Block in the Manual. Unless otherwise prescribed in the Manual,
        Franchisee will retain the books, records, and accounts for 3 years from their dates of preparation.

                (B)     Accounting Statements.        Upon H&R Block’s request, at Franchisee’s cost,
        Franchisee will submit to H&R Block:

                       (1)    Unaudited quarterly profit and loss statements (in the form prescribed by
                 H&R Block and that show all income sources) and balance sheets;

                         (2)      Unaudited annual statements, as well as a schedule of capital expenditures;

                         (3)      Copies of Franchisee’s annual federal and state income tax returns;

                         (4)      Copies of Franchisee’s quarterly state sales tax returns; and

                         (5)      Any other financial statements, reports, and records that H&R Block
                 requests.

        11.2    Audits and Inspections. H&R Block may, without prior notice: (a) inspect, audit, or
examine the financial or business records of the Franchised Business, and (b) observe the operation of the
Franchised Business during the Franchised Business’s operating hours.

         Upon request, Franchisee will promptly provide or make available to H&R Block records of the
Franchised Business, including any IRS-generated information reports (e.g., EFIN Status/ERO Activity
Report/Tax Record Transcript) to enable H&R Block to determine whether Franchisee is complying with
its obligations under this Agreement. Franchisee will also promptly provide or make available to H&R
Block any information and financial or business records concerning any other business in which Franchisee
or any of Franchisee’s Associates (or their child) has an interest that offers services that are the same as or
similar to those offered by the Franchised Business.

        For the purpose of any examination or audit, Franchisee will fully cooperate with H&R Block and
give H&R Block access to the computer systems and files in which any financial records are electronically
stored. If Franchisee’s revenue received by the Franchised Business for Authorized Services, as shown by
an examination of the books and records of the Franchised Business, exceeds the sum reported by
Franchisee to H&R Block by more than 2%, Franchisee will immediately reimburse H&R Block for the
reasonable cost of the examination. The reimbursement will not limit H&R Block’s other remedies under
this Agreement regarding underreporting or underpayment of royalties.

        11.3     Internet. H&R Block or an affiliate of H&R Block may, at its option, establish and
maintain an internet website that provides information about the H&R BLOCK Brand and the products and
services that Network Offices offer.

                (A)    H&R Block or its affiliate will have sole control over the website’s design and
        content. H&R Block or its affiliate will have no obligation to maintain the website indefinitely and
        may discontinue it at any time without liability to Franchisee. H&R Block or its affiliate will not

                                                      16
                                                            2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit F-1
