       "Franchisee" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

        "Franchisee Applicable Law" means (a) Applicable Law regarding tax preparation and
tax-related products and services (other than the Financial Products), (b) disclosure, licensing and
compliance requirements of Franchisee related to Franchisee operations, and (c) state and local
refund anticipation loan or refund anticipation check facilitator laws or regulations as they apply
to refund anticipation loan or refund anticipation check facilitators.

       "Franchisee Corrective Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b) (Franchisee
Corrective Plan).

      "Franchisee Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(b)
(Indemnification of Franchisee by Pathward).

        "Franchisee Policies and Procedures" means those policies and procedures established
by HRB Tax Services governing the operations of each Franchise Location, as amended from time
to time.

       "GLBA" means Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.

        "Governmental Authority" means any federal, state, or local, governmental, regulatory
authority, agency, court, tribunal, commission or other regulatory entity of the United States of
America, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, government.

        "HRB Customer" means any consumer customer of any Affiliate of EFS, of Franchisee,
or of any other franchisee of an Affiliate of EFS.

       "HRB Customer Data" means all Personally Identifiable Information regarding an HRB
Customer or tax return information (as defined in 26 U.S.C. § 7216) obtained in connection with
the provision of tax preparation or other Franchisee products and services to such HRB Customer.

         "HRB Documents" means all agreements, notices, disclosures, forms and related
documents pertaining to or required by (a) tax return preparation services; (b) the use or disclosure
of tax return information; (c) other products and services (excluding any Financial Products) that
are offered in Retail Locations or through the Digital Channel, including refund bonus and send-
a-friend promotions; or (d) state and local refund anticipation loan or refund anticipation check
facilitator laws or regulations as they apply to refund anticipation loan or refund anticipation check
facilitators.

      "HRB Tax Services" means H&R Block Tax Services LLC, a Missouri limited liability
company, and its successors and assigns.

       "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service, or any successor thereto.

        "Losses" means any and all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind, nature or
description imposed or incurred in connection with this Franchise Distribution Agreement
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, reasonable out-of-pocket costs, interest and

                                                  5
                                                            2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit I-3
