You will be required to comply with all applicable disclosure and licensing requirements in your state,
including the payment of any associated fees.

Use and disclosure of client tax return information is regulated by Section 7216 of the Code and by the
Gramm Leach Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. Sec. 6801, which requires the provision of an annual privacy policy.
The Federal Trade Commission has also issued standards for safeguarding client financial information
under 16 CFR Parts 313 and 314. In addition to these federal requirements, some states also regulate the
use and disclosure of client tax return information, including requiring client notification for certain data
security breaches.

Most states regulate and require licenses for the operation of proprietary schools, which may include tax
return preparation schools. If you choose to operate a tax return preparation school and offer instructional
courses to the public as part of your Franchised Business, you must comply with all applicable state
regulations and licensing requirements at your expense.

Certain officers and employees of a financial service provider must be licensed and are regulated by the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”). Anyone making referrals of potential clients for
investment services for a commission must be licensed by FINRA.

ITEM 2             BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

President, Global Consumer Tax & Chief Product Officer: Curtis Campbell

Mr. Campbell has held the position of President, Global Consumer Tax & Chief Product Officer since May
2024. Prior to joining H&R Block, Mr. Campbell was CEO of Tax Act from September 2018 to May 2023.
Mr. Campbell also currently serves as President, Global Consumer Tax & Chief Product Officer of H&R
Block Management LLC and H&R Block, Inc. (since May 2024); President and Director of H&R Block
Eastern Enterprises, Inc. (since May 2024); President of H&R Block Enterprises, Inc., H&R Block Tax
Services LLC, and H&R Block Tax Group, Inc. (since May 2024);Senior Vice President of HRB Green
Resources LLC, HRB International LLC, HRB Professional Resources LLC and HRB Resources LLC
(since May 2024). Mr. Campbell served as President of PTF Services, LLC from May 2024 – May 2025.
Mr. Campbell is employed by HRB Professional Resources LLC. Effective January 1, 2026, he will also
assume the role of Chief Executive Officer of H&R Block, Inc.

Senior Vice President, U.S. Retail Operations: Mark J. Darling

Mr. Darling has held the position of Senior Vice President, U.S. Retail Operations since May 2023. From
June 2021 to May 2023, Mr. Darling held the position of Vice President, U.S. Retail Sales and Service –
West and Block Advisors of H&R Block Management, LLC and HRB Tax Group, Inc. From December
2020 to June 2021, he served as Vice President, West Market, and from October 2019 to December 2020,
as Vice President, Workforce Planning and Tax Pro Experience, both with H&R Block Management, LLC
and HRB Tax Group, Inc. From May 2023 to May 2024, Mr. Darling served as President of HRB PR
Enterprises LLC, H&R Block Eastern Enterprises, Inc., H&R Block Enterprises LLC, H&R Block Tax
Services LLC, HRB Tax Group, Inc., and PTF Services, LLC. He also served as a Director of H&R Block
Eastern Enterprises, Inc. during that time. Mr. Darling currently serves as: Senior Vice President, U.S.
Retail Operations of H&R Block Management, LLC, H&R Block, Inc., and HRB Tax Group, Inc. (since
May 2023 / May 2024); Senior Vice President of H&R Block Eastern Enterprises, Inc., H&R Block
Enterprises LLC, and H&R Block Tax Services LLC (since May 2024); Vice President of HRB
International LLC (since May 2023); and Assistant Secretary of H&R Block Canada, Inc. (since February
2024). Mr. Darling is employed by HRB Professional Resources LLC.



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      6
