Electronic Filing Services’ disbursement checks, whether by Franchisee, Franchisee’s agents or employees, or
any third person, resulting from any occurrence after any delivery of checks to Franchisee and prior to, or
concurrent with, Franchisee’s delivery of any check to H&R Block’s client; (4) any act, error, or omission
committed by Franchisee’s agent in entering Client Data into a computer or in transmitting Client Data to
Telecommunication Services; or (5) Franchisee’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, its obligation to transmit to Telecommunication Services or deliver to H&R Block
or another party, accurate Client Data in a timely manner.

22.     Termination. This Agreement is subject to immediate termination under certain conditions.

        22.1     Termination of the Franchise Agreement. This Agreement will terminate immediately
upon termination of the Franchise Agreement. If Franchisee has used Electronic Filing Services under one or
more separate Franchise Agreements and some, but not all, of the separate Franchise Agreements are
terminated, this Agreement will terminate only with respect to those separate Franchise Agreements that have
been terminated. If the Parties are parties to one or more amendments or addenda to the Franchise Agreement,
and one or more amendments or addenda are terminated separately from the Franchise Agreement, the rights
granted to Franchisee in this Agreement will terminate only with respect to the amendments or addenda that
have terminated.

        22.2     Termination of Telecommunication Services. At H&R Block’s option, this Agreement will
immediately terminate if any applicable service agreement between H&R Block and Telecommunication
Services relating to the Electronic Filing Services is terminated.

         22.3. Mutual Termination of the Franchise Agreement. This Agreement will terminate on the
effective date of any written, mutual termination agreement signed by the Parties.

        22.4     The IRS Denies Electronic Filing Services. This Agreement will terminate immediately if:

                 (A)      the IRS refuses to accept Franchisee’s participation in Electronic Filing Services;

                 (B)      the IRS suspends Franchisee from using Electronic Filing Services; or

               (C)    the IRS generally refuses to accept any tax returns electronically filed by H&R Block,
        Telecommunication Services, Franchisee, or Franchisee’s agent for filing electronically.

        22.5     Breach of this Agreement. If Franchisee materially and substantially breaches the terms of
this Agreement, H&R Block must provide written notice of the breach to Franchisee. If the default is curable,
Franchisee will have 15 days (or as otherwise permitted under state law) from the date the notice is given to
cure the default. If the default is not curable at H&R Block’s sole discretion, this Agreement will terminate
immediately upon written notice of termination to Franchisee.

23.     Obligations Surviving Termination. Franchisee’s obligations surviving termination under the
Franchise Agreement will continue following termination of this Agreement.

24.     Information Security. During the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee will abide by all terms of the
Manual, including all information security and data privacy policies, and will be responsible for ensuring that
all employees, agents, or independent contractors of the Franchised Business abide by the information security
and data privacy policies.

25.     Relation of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement creates any principal-agent, partnership, joint liability,
joint venturer, joint employer, or any relationship between the Parties other than that of franchisor and
                                                            2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                  Exhibit I-1
                                                       11
