        If to EFS:                                   Emerald Financial Services, LLC
                                                     Attn: Josh Fox, President
                                                     One H&R Block Way
                                                     Kansas City, MO 64105
                                                     Email: josh.fox@hrblock.com

        With a copy to:                              HRB Tax Group, Inc.
                                                     Attn: Kathleen Ryan
                                                     One H&R Block Way
                                                     Kansas City, MO 64105
                                                     Email: kathleen.ryan@hrblock.com

        If to Franchisee:                            The mailing address or e-mail address of
                                                     notice for Franchisee in the records of
                                                     Pathward or HRB Tax Services, as applicable,
                                                     as updated by Franchisee from time to time.

        With a copy to:                              H&R Block Tax Services LLC
                                                     Attn: Sudee Wright
                                                     One H&R Block Way
                                                     Kansas City, MO 64105
                                                     Email: sudee.wright@hrblock.com

        Section 10.9 Force Majeure. If the performance by a Party of its obligations under this
Franchise Distribution Agreement is delayed or prevented (in whole or in part) by a Force Majeure
Event, such Party will be excused, discharged, and released of performance to the extent such
performance or obligation is so delayed or prevented by the Force Majeure Event without liability
of any kind. The Party subject to a delay or prevention as contemplated herein will, as soon as
practicable and in all events within three (3) days following the occurrence of a Force Majeure
Event, notify the other Parties of such Force Majeure Event, which notice will set forth: (a) the
nature of the Force Majeure Event; (b) its expected effect(s) and duration; (c) any expected
development which may further affect performance hereunder; and (d) the efforts undertaken or
to be undertaken to cure such Force Majeure Event or provide substitute performance.

         Section 10.10 Relationship of the Parties. This Franchise Distribution Agreement is not
intended to create, and does not create, a partnership relationship or joint venture among the
Parties.

         Section 10.11 Governing Law. This Franchise Distribution Agreement and all rights and
obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and performance, will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to its conflict of law provisions.

       Section 10.12 Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute, controversy, or claim
between the Parties arising out of or relating to this Franchise Distribution Agreement or the
making, construction, interpretation, performance, breach, termination, enforceability or validity
thereof (a "Dispute"), the Party raising such Dispute will promptly provide notice to the other
                                                27
                                                            2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit I-3
