   We have received and are responding to certain governmental inquiries, class actions, and mass arbitrations
relating to the IRS Free File Program and other aspects of our DIY tax preparation services, including the use of pixels.
An accrual related to these matters is included in our loss contingency accrual.

   We are from time to time a party to litigation, arbitration, and other loss contingencies not discussed herein
arising out of our business operations. These matters may include actions by state attorneys general, other state
regulators, federal regulators, individual claimants, and cases in which claimants seek to represent others who may
be similarly situated.

  While we cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately prevail in each instance, we believe the amount, if any,
we are required to pay to discharge or settle these other matters will not have a material adverse impact on our
business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.



NOTE 13: SEGMENT INFORMATION
We provide assisted and DIY tax preparation solutions through multiple channels (including in-person, online and
mobile applications, virtual, and desktop software) and distribute H&R Block-branded services and products,
including those of our bank partners, to the general public primarily in the U.S., Canada and Australia. We report a
single segment that includes all of our continuing operations. The majority of our revenues are from our U.S. tax
services business.

   The Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is our chief executive officer, who regularly reviews
consolidated financial information to evaluate financial performance and allocate resources. Specifically, the CODM
uses revenues, operating expenses, net income and EBITDA at a consolidated level, as key financial metrics in
deciding how to reinvest to grow the business through our strategic imperatives of Block Experience, Financial
Products and Small Business. These financial metrics are used by the CODM to make operating decisions and identify
growth opportunities. The measure of segment assets is total consolidated assets as presented on the consolidated
balance sheet.




                                                                                      H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   64
