       reasonable standard of care.

               (c)     Data Breach Investigation. If Franchisee suffers an actual or suspected Data
       Breach of the information systems it maintains, it agrees to take action promptly, at its own
       expense, to investigate the actual or suspected Data Breach and, if an actual Data Breach
       is confirmed, to identify and mitigate the effect of the Data Breach and implement
       reasonable and appropriate measures in response. Franchisee will permit Pathward and
       EFS to conduct, or alternatively Pathward and EFS may require the Franchisee to engage
       a qualified third-party reasonably approved by Pathward and EFS to conduct, an
       investigation of an actual or suspected Data Breach; provided, however, that such
       investigation may not unreasonably interfere with the investigation being conducted by
       Franchisee or the operations of Franchisee. Franchisee will pay for the reasonable costs of
       its investigation and any required notifications, which notification will be mutually agreed
       upon by the Parties (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld) or other remediation
       it reasonably deems necessary.

               (d)    Notice of Data Breach. Franchisee will notify EFS and Pathward promptly,
       and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours, following discovery or notification of any
       actual or suspected Data Breach of the information systems it maintains (including through
       third-party service providers) that access, process or store Program Customer Data or
       Prospect Data. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Franchisee also will
       provide Pathward and EFS with information reasonably requested by Pathward and EFS
       regarding such Data Breach to assist each of Pathward and EFS in implementing its
       information security response program and, if applicable, in notifying affected Program
       Customers and Prospective Customers, as applicable, as well as other third parties, if
       required by Applicable Law.

               (e)     Costs. Franchisee will reimburse Pathward for its reasonable out-of-pocket
       expenses incurred as a result of the Data Breach of the information systems it maintains.
       For the purposes of this provision, reasonable out-of-pocket expenses means the cost of ID
       monitoring services (for 12 months or such longer period as required by Applicable Law)
       for affected Program Customers and Prospective Customers who choose to enroll, and any
       costs associated with mailing required notices to affected Program Customers and
       Prospective Customers.

        Section 8.9 Disaster Recovery. Franchisee agrees to maintain a disaster recovery plan,
which it will test regularly, but at a minimum one (1) time per calendar year, as well as systems,
equipment, facilities and trained personnel that will enable it to perform its essential obligations
under this Franchise Distribution Agreement consistent with such disaster recovery plan
continuously through a disaster. Pathward or EFS may request Franchisee to make a summary of
its disaster recovery plan available for review. Franchisee may make changes to its disaster
recovery plan from time to time without Pathward's 's consent; provided that such changes do not
materially decrease the level of protection offered by the disaster recovery plan.




                                                 23
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
