The amount of the Annual Debt Service may change. Each year Franchise Partner may determine an
amount that would be sufficient to repay our outstanding Term Loan debt by the Maturity Date at the Term
Loan Interest Rate in effect as of the most recent March 30th, in substantially equal annual payments. Any
changes to the required Annual Debt Service amount are at Franchise Partner’s sole discretion. If
Franchise Partner chooses to change the required Annual Debt Service, Franchise Partner will notify us
at least 60 days prior to the next required payment due date.
         (b)     If Franchise Partner has not received the full amount of any required Annual Debt Service
payment by the end of thirty-one (31) calendar days after the date it was due, we will pay a late charge to
Franchise Partner in an amount equal to 2% of the overdue payment. This late charge shall be in addition
to any Annual Debt Service payment due at the time the late charge is assessed. Payment of this late
charge shall not relieve our obligation to also pay any overdue Annual Debt Service payment nor shall it
relieve our obligation to timely make Annual Debt Service payments in the future. We will pay this late
charge promptly but only once for each overdue Annual Debt Service payment.


         (c)      We may, at any time, repay all or any portion of the unpaid amount of credit outstanding
by remitting payment to Franchise Partner. We agree to send a written notice identifying our loan and
specifying the amount of the repayment with the payment. We may make a full prepayment or partial
prepayments without paying a prepayment charge. If we make a partial prepayment, there will be no
change in the amount or the due date of the required annual payments unless Franchise Partner agrees
in writing to a change.


         (d)      On the Maturity Date of this Agreement, we will pay in full, to Franchise Partner, the
unpaid amount of credit outstanding, any unpaid Periodic Interest accrued through the Maturity Date, and
any unpaid fees, late charges and any other amounts we owe under the Credit Documents. Within 30 days
after the earlier of the expiration or termination of this Agreement, we will pay to Franchise Partner the
Periodic Interest for the last Monthly Billing Period during the term of this Agreement.


         (e)     Unless otherwise permitted by the Credit Documents, all payments we make under this
Section 5 shall be applied first to unpaid Periodic Interest accrued through the most recently ended Monthly
Billing Period, second to any unpaid fees or charges, and last to the unpaid amount of principal
outstanding.


         (f)     Our designation of a payment as a full payment is not controlling. Regardless of how we
designate a payment, if the amount of the payment is insufficient to satisfy the amount we owe Franchise
Partner, Franchise Partner is authorized to accept and apply the partial payment without waiving any of its
rights under the Agreement, including its rights to demand full and timely payment of any additional amounts
we owe. Further, acceptance of a partial payment shall not constitute a cure or waiver of an Event of
Default unless expressly agreed to by Franchise Partner in writing.


         (g)      If now or in the future our Term Loan is secured by more than one Approved Location, we
must pay down a proportional amount of the Term Loan Amount, as determined by Franchise Partner,
prior to selling, gifting, or otherwise alienating any Approved Location that secures the Term Loan. For
the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5(h) only applies if we retain at least one Approved Location to secure
our Term Loan but desire to sell, gift, or otherwise alienate others.


         (h)      In no event shall the Term Loan Interest Rate, together with any other amounts owed in
connection with the Term Loan, exceed the highest rate permitted by applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”). If
at any time the Term Loan Interest Rate exceeds the Maximum Rate, or if this Agreement or the other
Credit Documents in any way provide for interest that exceeds the Maximum Rate, we are and shall be
liable only for the payment of interest and other amounts owed at the Maximum Rate. If we make a
payment that includes payment for interest and/or other amounts owed that would otherwise exceed the Maximum
                                                  4
