If you wish to add a location or relocate an Approved Location within your Franchise Territory, you must
get written permission from us and sign an amendment to your FLA. The decision whether to allow you to
relocate is subject to our approval and sole discretion.

If you close or abandon an Approved Location, even with H&R Block’s prior written approval, we reserve
the right to operate the Approved Location as a Network Office. If H&R Block exercises its right to operate
the Approved Location, (1) you must assign all rights and interest in your lease and telephone numbers for
the Approved Location, and (2) your Franchise Territory will be amended to exclude the Approved
Location that was closed or abandoned.

You must get written permission from us and sign an Amendment to your FLA if you wish to operate in
any of the following locations: (1) a national or regional retail store, (2) a military or other government
facility, or (3) an installation under any applicable agreement between H&R Block and a national or
regional retail business or a military or other government facility or installation within your Franchise
Territory.

We have the right to sell the following in your Franchise Territory, among other products and services:

Apparel and novelty items that bear the Proprietary Marks and marks other than Proprietary Marks to the
general public online through H&R Block’s website or by other means of distribution; Books bearing
Proprietary Marks to a variety of retail establishments, including department stores and bookstores;
Computer software for the preparation of tax returns or for bookkeeping and payroll services; Virtual
product and service offerings, such as Tax Pro Review, Digital Drop-Off, or Expert Help; and Online tax
preparation and bookkeeping and payroll products and services.

We also have the following rights within your Franchise Territory:

        to acquire the assets or ownership interest of one or more businesses providing products and
         services similar to those provided at H&R Block tax offices and may franchise, license, or create
         similar arrangements with respect to these businesses once acquired, wherever these businesses (or
         the franchisees or licensees of these businesses) are located or operating.
        to be acquired (whether through acquisition of assets, ownership interest, or otherwise, regardless
         of the form of transaction) by a business providing products and services similar to those provided
         at H&R Block tax offices or by another business, even if such business operates, franchises, and
         licenses competitive businesses in your Franchise Territory.

We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above inside your Franchise
Territory.

Continuation of your franchise or Franchise Territory rights for the term of your FLA does not depend on
your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other performance contingency.

ITEM 13            TRADEMARKS

You must follow our policies when you use the Proprietary Marks. You are prohibited from using the
Proprietary Marks or anything similar to the Proprietary Marks as part of your corporate or other legal
name.




2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      30
