ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

H&R Block's management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the information contained in this
document. Management is responsible for the consistency of reporting this information and for ensuring that
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. are properly applied. In discharging this responsibility,
management maintains an extensive program of internal audits and requires members of management to certify
financial information within their scope of management. Our system of internal control over financial reporting also
includes formal policies and procedures, including a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct that reinforces our
commitment to ethical business conduct and is designed to encourage our employees and directors to act with high
standards of integrity in all that they do.

   The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed solely of independent outside directors, meets
periodically with management, the independent auditor and the Vice President, Audit Services (our chief internal
auditor) to review matters relating to our financial statements, internal audit activities, internal accounting controls
and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. The independent auditor and the Vice President, Audit
Services have full access to the Audit Committee and meet with the committee, both with and without management
present, to discuss the scope and results of their audits, including internal controls and financial matters.

   Deloitte & Touche LLP audited our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023.
The audits were conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States).
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 12a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the criteria established in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework" issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), using the 2013 framework, as of
June 30, 2025.
   Based on our assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of June 30,
2025, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria set forth by COSO,
using the 2013 framework. The Company's external auditor, Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.

/s/ Jeffrey J. Jones II                                      /s/ Tiffany L. Mason
Jeffrey J. Jones II                                          Tiffany L. Mason
President and Chief Executive Officer                        Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                       H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   34
