   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT – Buildings, equipment and leasehold improvements are initially recorded at cost
and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the assets using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives
are generally 15 to 40 years for buildings, two to five years for computers and other equipment, three to five years
for purchased software and up to eight years for leasehold improvements. Property and equipment is retired when
no longer in use.
   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS – Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the
underlying net assets of acquired businesses. Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment annually
as of February 1, or more frequently if indications of potential impairment exist.
   Intangible assets, including internally-developed software, with finite lives are amortized over their estimated
useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
carrying amount may not be recoverable. Intangible assets are typically amortized over the estimated useful life of
the assets using the straight-line method. Fully amortized intangible assets are retired at the end of their economic
useful life.

   We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying value. If, based on a review of qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative analysis. If the quantitative analysis
indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we measure any goodwill impairment losses as
the amount by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. See additional discussion in note 6.

   LEASES – Operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease
term and operating lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The
majority of our lease portfolio consists of retail office space in the U.S., Canada, and Australia. The contract terms
for these retail offices generally are from May 1 to April 30, and generally run two to five years.
   We record operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities based on the discounted future minimum
lease payments over the term of the lease. We generally do not include renewal options in the term of the lease. As
the rates implicit in our leases are not readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the
lease term and geographic location in calculating the discounted future minimum lease payments.

   We recognize lease expenses for our operating leases on a straight-line basis. For lease payments that are subject
to adjustments based on indexes or rates, the most current index or rate adjustments were included in the
measurement of our ROU assets and lease liabilities at commencement of the lease. Variable lease costs, including
non-lease components (such as common area maintenance, utilities, insurance, and taxes) and certain index-based
changes in lease payments, are expensed as incurred. Our ROU assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.

    FOREIGN CURRENCY – The financial statements of the Company’s foreign operations are translated into U.S.
dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated at current exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, equity accounts
at historical exchange rates, while income statement accounts are translated at the average rates in effect during
the year. Translation adjustments are not included in net income, but are recorded as a separate component of
other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Foreign currency gains and losses included in operating results
for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 were not material.

   TREASURY SHARES – We record shares of common stock repurchased by us as treasury shares, at cost, resulting
in a reduction of stockholders' equity. Periodically, we may retire shares held in treasury as determined by our Board
of Directors. We typically reissue treasury shares as part of our stock-based compensation programs. When shares
are reissued, we determine the cost using the average cost method.


                                                                                        H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   46
