6. Payments.

        (a)     We shall repay to Franchise Partner on the Maturity Date, unless accelerated sooner
pursuant to Section 12, the entire outstanding principal balance of the STL together with accrued but
unpaid interest including interest and any unpaid fees, late charges and all other sums with respect
thereto. All payments under this Agreement shall be applied first to accrued interest, fees, costs and
expenses then due and the remainder to principal.

        (b)     We may, at any time, repay all or any portion of the unpaid amount of credit outstanding
by remitting payment to Franchise Partner. We agree to send a written notice identifying our loan and
specifying the amount of the repayment with the payment. We may make a full prepayment, or one or
more partial prepayments, without paying a prepayment charge.

        (c)    Each person or entity signing this Agreement is jointly and severally obligated to repay
all amounts owed under this Agreement.

          (d)     Our designation of a payment as a full payment is not controlling. Regardless of how we
designate a payment, if the amount of the payment is insufficient to satisfy the amount we owe Franchise
Partner, Franchise Partner is authorized to accept and apply the partial payment without waiving any of
its rights under the Agreement, including its rights to demand full and timely payment of any additional
amounts we owe. Further, acceptance of a partial payment shall not constitute a cure or waiver of an
Event of Default unless expressly agreed to by Franchise Partner in writing.

           (e)     If now or in the future our STL is secured by more than one Approved Location, we must
pay down a proportional amount of the Loan Amount, as determined by Franchise Partner, prior to selling,
gifting, or otherwise alienating any Approved Location that secures the STL. For the avoidance of doubt,
this Section 6(e) only applies if we retain at least one Approved Location to secure our STL but desire to
sell, gift, or otherwise alienate others.

         (f)     In no event shall the Loan Interest Rate, together with any other amounts owed, exceed
the highest rate permitted by applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”). If at any time the Loan Interest Rate
exceeds the Maximum Rate, or if this Agreement or the other Credit Documents in any way provide for
interest that exceeds the Maximum Rate, we are and shall be liable only for the payment of interest and
other amounts owed at the Maximum Rate. If we make a payment that includes payment for interest
and/or other amounts owed that would otherwise exceed the Maximum Rate, that amount which would
be exceed the Maximum Rate, whenever received, shall be applied to reduce the unpaid principal amount
outstanding hereunder to the extent of such excess or returned to us if the unpaid principal amount
outstanding hereunder shall have been paid in full.

7. STL Promissory Note.

         (a)     The loans made by Franchise Partner to us under this Agreement shall be evidenced by
a promissory note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A (the “Promissory Note”), payable to the order of
Franchise Partner, representing our obligation to pay the unpaid amount of Draws outstanding, with
interest thereon at the Loan Interest Rate as herein provided.

         (b)       We authorize Franchise Partner to record in its books and records the date and amount
of each Draw; interest, late charges and other charges; each payment thereof; and the unpaid balance
thereof. Those records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information contained
therein, except that the failure of Franchise Partner to record, or any error in recording, the information
shall not limit, enlarge or otherwise affect our obligation to repay or pay the amounts due pursuant to this
Agreement.

8. Security Interest. As security for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of
all our indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of every kind, nature and description, direct or indirect,
primary or secondary, secured or unsecured, joint and several, absolute or contingent, due or to become
due to Franchise Partner, now existing or hereinafter incurred, regardless of how it may be evidenced
(“Obligations”) and all renewals and extensions of any of the foregoing, we hereby grant to Franchise




                                                 4
