                                                                                       Admin. ID _________

                     AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                    FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR CALIFORNIA

In recognition of the requirements and the regulations of the California Franchise Relations Act, §§ 20000
through 20043 (the “Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”), for
use in the State of California, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. If the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, the
provisions are hereby amended as follows:

        1.1     Termination and Renewal. Any provision in the FLA that conflicts with the termination,
renewal, notice, or cure provisions of the Act will be amended to the extent necessary to conform to the
requirements of the Act.

1.1.1 The Act provides rights to the franchisee concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise.
The Federal Bankruptcy Code also provides rights to the franchisee concerning termination of the FLA
upon certain bankruptcy-related events. If the FLA is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

        1.2    Venue. To the extent governed by California state law, any provision in the FLA that
designates venue in a forum outside of the State of California may be unenforceable.

1.3     Restriction on Competition. The FLA contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond
the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

1.4     Waivers. Section 38 is amended to delete Sections 38.1-3. Additionally, Section 38.7 is added as
follows:

38.7     Franchise Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or
agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud
in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term
of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.

4.     Effect on FLA. Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that the
Act applies independently and without reference to this Amendment.




                                                    B-3
                                                                          2025 California State Amendment to the FLA
                                                                                                            Exhibit B
