We may, in our sole discretion, also allow you to offer non-H&R Block business at Approved Locations.
Any non-H&R Block business may not use our Licensed Marks in conjunction with the business, is not
subject to royalties and must not be conducted in a manner that causes public confusion with the H&R
BLOCK brand or creates the impression that H&R Block endorses the non-H&R Block business. If we
allow you to offer non-H&R Block business, you will be required to sign an amendment, such as attached
as Exhibit F-3 to this disclosure document. You will be solely responsible for the operation of your non-
H&R Block business and must comply with our terms and conditions provided in the Manual to operate it
as a separate business.

The business of tax preparation and other financial and related products and services is well developed.
You may have to compete with national and local tax return preparation firms and other providers of
financial and related products and services, including other H&R Block offices, Block Advisor offices,
bookkeeping services, accountants, and lawyers, and with the Internal Revenue Service and governmental
agencies in certain states that offer free assistance to some individuals in the preparation of their federal or
state tax returns. In addition, a substantial number of people prepare their own tax returns or obtain financial
and related products and services using software, the internet, or other means, including software and
internet services offered by us or our affiliates.

Industry-Specific Regulations

Tax return preparation is regulated by the Internal Revenue Code, located at Title 26, U.S.C. (the “Code”),
and related regulations. In addition to tax return preparation, the Code and its regulations dictate the
requirements applicable to tax return preparers and Electronic Return Originators (“EROs”). You must
comply with all federal, state, and local laws, and Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) rules and regulations,
including those pertaining to: 1) accuracy of returns prepared, 2) eligibility to participate in the IRS
electronic filing program (“e-file”), 3) tax preparer due diligence requirements for factual matters during
the tax preparation process, 4) retention of tax returns prepared, and 5) the eligibility, registration, and
licensing of tax return preparers. You will be required to comply with all IRS licensing requirements for
both you and your employees, including but not limited to obtaining a Preparer Tax Identification Number
(“PTIN”) registration. You will be responsible for costs related to compliance, including the payment of
any associated fees and related expenses.

The electronic filing of tax returns is essential to our tax preparation business. You cannot file tax returns
electronically unless you obtain an electronic filing identification number (“EFIN”) from the IRS. You
must apply for an EFIN far enough in advance of the Tax Season to receive it in time to start processing
returns by the start of your first Tax Season. If you or a firm in which you were a principal have been
assessed a tax preparer penalty, been convicted of an IRS or monetary crime, failed to file a tax return, or
pay taxes, or cannot pass an IRS background suitability check, you may be unable to obtain an EFIN. You
must apply for and receive an EFIN before signing any binding franchise or other agreement. If you do not
have or cannot obtain an EFIN, you cannot operate this franchise.

All states levying a state income tax also regulate tax return preparation. In some states, like California,
Connecticut, Iowa, Maryland, Nevada, New York, and Oregon, tax return preparers must be licensed by
the state. You and your employees must comply with all state licensing requirements. H&R Block is not
responsible for any costs associated with state licensing or licensing of either you or your tax return
preparers.

Some states and localities regulate the facilitation of certain financial products, including Refund Transfers
and Refund Advances and may require certain consumer disclosures, such as disclosures concerning fees
and the timing of funding. Some states also require facilitators to be licensed or registered by the state.



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                        5
