10.      Franchisee’s Conduct of Business. H&R Block may restrict or implement mandatory procedures
concerning Franchisee’s operations in order to protect goodwill; maintain a uniform, positive client
experience; and adapt to changing market conditions and technological developments. In order to maintain
H&R Block’s service standards and to protect the H&R BLOCK Brand, Franchisee will operate the
Franchised Business in compliance with the law, this Agreement, the Manual, and any other written
instruction from H&R Block. H&R Block will provide the Manual to Franchisee in the manner or by the
means it considers appropriate. Franchisee will maintain internet capability to access the Manual through
the intranet system operated by H&R Block or an affiliate. The Manual will at all times: (a) be kept in a
secure place on the premises of the Franchised Business, and (b) remain the sole property of H&R Block.

        10.1    The Manual. The Manual may address, among other subjects:

              (A)     The layout, color schemes, equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and décor of an
        Approved Location;

               (B)       Approved vendors and specifications for any item Franchisee is required to
        purchase;

                (C)      The assignment of any lease for any Approved Location;

                (D)      The policies and procedures that Franchisee must follow in dealing with clients;

                (E)      How and when the Franchised Business must offer products or services;

                (F)      The designation of products and services as Required Services or Optional
        Services;

                (G)      Training, advertising, and marketing programs;

                (H)      Requirements for maintaining, storing, and destroying Client Data;

               (I)       The manner and method in which Franchisee must operate the Franchised
        Business;

               (J)       Information that must be provided to H&R Block related to the Franchised
        Business; and

                (K)      Background checks for Franchisee’s employees.

         Franchisee will treat all of the information contained in the Manual as confidential. Franchisee will
not use the Manual for any purpose other than to conduct the Franchised Business and will not disclose any
of its contents to any person except as necessary to conduct the Franchised Business. H&R Block may
revise the Manual, and Franchisee will comply with the revised Manual and pay for any associated costs.
If there is any dispute about the contents of the Manual, the master copy maintained by H&R Block will
control.

        10.2    Office Furniture and Appearance. H&R Block may require Franchisee, at Franchisee’s
expense, to use specific furniture, office module systems, equipment, and fixtures at Approved Locations
and to obtain those items through a supplier designated by H&R Block. Each Approved Location will be
maintained and updated by Franchisee to conform to the standards specified by H&R Block in the Manual.


                                                     12
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
