Franchisee may not use any other furniture, office module systems, equipment, or fixtures at any Approved
Location without H&R Block’s prior written approval.

         10.3    Best Efforts. Franchisee will use Franchisee’s best efforts in operating the Franchised
Business, will at all times actively promote the sale of the products and services of the Franchised Business
and strive to increase the demand for them, and will conduct the Franchised Business with sound business
judgment, diligence, and efficiency. Franchisee (or Principal if Franchisee is a corporation, partnership,
trust, or other business entity) will directly conduct the day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business
and diligently and fully exploit the rights granted in this Agreement by personally and individually devoting
full time and best efforts to the operation of the Franchised Business.

        10.4     Client Service. Franchisee will provide client service in conformity with H&R Block’s
standards, including, at a minimum:

                (A)      Prepare each tax return accurately according to federal, state, and local laws;

                 (B)     Maintain office space and employ competent personnel sufficient to accommodate
        all clients without undue delay and within any time commitments made to clients;

                (C)      Maintain at all Approved Locations minimum standard office hours during the Tax
        Season of 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekdays, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays, and additional peak
        office hours (including on Sundays) as defined in the Manual;

                (D)    Maintain minimum Preseason office hours at all Approved Locations of at least 6
        hours per week or as otherwise specified in the Manual;

                (E)     Post signs with applicable office hours and maintain a telephone answering service
        or device during all non-office hours;

                (F)      Resolve client complaints in a timely manner as defined in the Manual;

                (G)     Pay any penalty and interest incurred by any client due to any error or omission by
        the Franchised Business on the client’s tax return as determined by H&R Block;

                (H)     Comply with the terms of any required H&R BLOCK Brand guarantee in effect as
        defined in the Manual; and

               (I)     Comply with any mandatory standards and operating procedures relating to the
        appearance or operation of the Franchised Business.

        10.5   Client Consents. Franchisee will obtain all client consents as instructed by H&R Block
in the Manual.

        10.6     Client Data Use and Storage. Franchisee will use, maintain, store, and destroy Client
Data as instructed by H&R Block in the Manual or otherwise in writing.




                                                     13
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
