Income Taxes - Uncertain Tax Positions - Refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company operates in multiple income tax jurisdictions both within the United States and internationally.
Accordingly, management must determine the appropriate allocation of income to each of these jurisdictions
based on transfer pricing analyses of comparable companies and predictions of future economic conditions.
Transfer pricing terms and conditions may be scrutinized by local tax authorities during an audit and any resulting
changes may impact the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. The Company accrues a
liability for unrecognized tax benefits arising from uncertain tax positions reflecting their judgment as to the
ultimate resolution of the applicable issues. For each position, management considers all applicable information
including relevant tax laws, the taxing authorities’ potential position, management’s tax return position, and the
possible settlement outcomes to determine the amount of liability to record.

We identified the Company’s determination of uncertain tax positions measured in accordance with the
Company’s transfer pricing policies as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment in the application
of the tax law in applying the arm’s-length standard to intercompany transactions and scrutiny by local tax
authorities. The significant level of judgment increases the uncertainty in evaluating the valuation of tax balances,
including any uncertain tax positions that relate to the Company’s transfer pricing. As a result, we utilized a high
degree of auditor judgment and increased the extent of work performed, including involving our income tax
specialists to evaluate whether management’s judgments in interpreting and applying tax laws were appropriate.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the Company’s uncertain tax positions for transfer pricing included the following,
among others:

    •    We tested the effectiveness of controls over management’s evaluation and determination of uncertain
         tax positions. This evaluation includes management’s assessment of tax positions taken by the Company
         on its tax returns, including transfer pricing terms and conditions, and the related recorded amounts for
         uncertain tax positions.
    •    With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated the Company’s transfer pricing
         methodologies and performed the following:
             ◦    Evaluated the appropriateness of management’s application of jurisdictional tax regulations in
                  applying the arm’s length standard to intercompany transactions.
             ◦    Evaluated the application of the transfer pricing method to transactions subject to transfer
                  pricing.
             ◦    Tested the application of the transfer pricing policies by legal entity through an independent
                  calculation.
             ◦    Evaluated management’s approach to identifying uncertain tax positions related to changes in
                  the transfer pricing terms and conditions and tested the calculation of the tax positions at the
                  individual legal entity level and at the consolidated level.

Goodwill - Wave Reporting Unit - Refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements




                                                                                    H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   36
