may have against the franchisor that have arisen under the Minnesota Franchise Laws shall be governed by
the Minnesota Franchise Law.

                1.5.1 According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.440(J), the terms
of the FLA shall not in any way abrogate or reduce franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. 1984,
Chapter 80C, including the right to submit certain matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota. In
addition, nothing in the FLA shall abrogate or reduce any of franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minn.
Stat. Sec. 80C, or franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedy provided for by the laws of the
State of Minnesota.

         1.6     Litigation Limitation. The FLA contains a waiver of jury trial provision. This provision
may not be enforceable under Minnesota law. The Franchisee consents to the Franchisor seeking injunctive
relief without the necessity of showing actual or threatened harm. A court shall determine if a bond or other
security is required.

             1.6.1 Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be
commenced no more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues.

          1.7    Acknowledgements. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed
to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting
on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.

4.       Effect on FLA. Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that the Act
applies independently and without reference to this Amendment.

H&R Block Tax Services LLC and the Franchisee have signed this Amendment as of the Effective Date of
the FLA.

 H&R BLOCK:                                               FRANCHISEE:
 H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC




 By:                                                      By:
 Name:                                                    Name:
 Title:                                                   Title:     Principal




                                                   B-14
                                                                           2025 Minnesota State Addendum to the FLA
                                                                                                           Exhibit B
