7. Representations and Warranties. We represent and warrant to Franchise Partner as follows:


        (a)     We are authorized to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and (if we are a
corporation or a limited liability company) such execution, delivery and performance are within our
corporate or company powers, have been duly authorized by the requisite corporate or company action
and do not violate the terms of our organizational documents. Such execution and delivery and
performance do not violate any agreement or undertaking to which we are a party or by which we are
bound.


          (b)     We are the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the Collateral, having good
and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any and all liens, claims or rights of others, except for the
security interest granted to Franchise Partner pursuant to this Agreement and no financing statement or
lien instrument (other than which may be filed on behalf of Franchise Partner) covering any portion of the
Collateral is now on file in any public office.


        (c)      Our principal place of business and residence are provided in the application.


         (d)     The financial statements and other information furnished by, or on behalf of, us for
purposes of obtaining credit, are complete and correct and fairly present our financial condition as of the
dates referred to therein, and the results of our operations for the periods then ended, all in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. Since the date thereof, there
has been no material change in our property, financial condition, or business operations. No information
furnished by us to Franchise Partner in connection with the negotiation, execution, or future performance
of this Agreement, contains any false or misleading information or misstatement of any facts.


8. Covenants. We agree that:


         (a)      We will execute and deliver financing statements and any other documents necessary
and take all other actions as requested by Franchise Partner to establish and maintain a first priority
security interest in the Collateral and to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement.


        (b)      We will not create or permit to exist any other lien on, or encumbrance against, the
Collateral.


          (c)      We will reimburse Franchise Partner for all expenses, including attorney’s fees and legal
expenses, incurred by Franchise Partner in seeking to collect or enforce the Obligations or to enforce any
rights under this Agreement. We agree all such expenses will be due and part of the Obligations whether
or not litigation is commenced.


         (d)    We will endeavor to collect all Accounts subject to this Agreement, when due, and take
such action with respect thereto as Franchise Partner may request, or, in the absence of such request,
as is reasonable for our business and the protection of Franchise Partner’ Collateral.


        (e)      We will furnish to Franchise Partner such information relating to us, our account debtors
and the Collateral as Franchise Partner or its agents may request, and permit Franchise Partner or its
agents to visit any place where any Collateral (including, but not limited to, books and records) may be
kept, and to audit, copy and make extracts therefrom, and will deliver any such books and records to
Franchise Partner or its agents upon request, and will mark or stamp its records to show Franchise
                                                   6
