required by the landlord. Although it is anticipated that you will lease commercial space for the Franchised
Business, if you buy unimproved property and construct and build out the space, the cost may be
significantly more. We do not recommend purchasing real estate when compared to leasing space. This
practice contains risk beyond our area of expertise. This investment is nonrefundable.

(3)     You may need to install at least some wiring and lighting. The cost will vary depending on the
condition of the premises and typically averages $20 to $30 per square foot. This investment is
nonrefundable. The cost of leasehold improvements will vary greatly based on the condition of the real
estate you secure. Depending on your negotiations, these costs may be partially or fully offset by the
landlord’s willingness to cover some of the build-out costs.

(4)     You will need to install signage and pay the prepaid freight. Depending on your location, you may
also need to obtain your landlord’s approval and city permits for your signage. This may result in additional
cost to you if you are required to obtain a site survey for the proposed signage. This investment is
nonrefundable.

(5)      You will have the option to either self-install furniture and decor items or choose professional
installation at an additional fee. The cost information provided is representative of a complete office
furniture package with 6 workstations. This investment is nonrefundable.

(6)      You must have certain computer equipment including the items listed in Item 11 under the
Computer System section in this disclosure document or in the Manual under the technology section. A
multi-line telephone or telephone system is also required. We may offer all hardware (e.g, POS, backup,
and router) free of charge to a new franchise location purchased through the assisted acquisition program.
Items such as a fax and copy machine are optional equipment that you may choose to purchase. Estimated
costs for these items are included in the totals listed. This investment is nonrefundable.

(7)     Before opening the Franchised Business, the advertising that you will need consists of media buys.
This investment is nonrefundable.

(8)       You will incur travel expenses, including travel and lodging, for our initial training program that
will be hosted in Kansas City. We will provide instructors and instructional materials associated with our
initial training program, but you will be responsible for paying any wages to your employees who attend.
The amounts on the chart include estimated initial training expenses including wages based upon the
assumption that one employee will participate in the initial training program. This investment is
nonrefundable.

(9)     We estimate that the range listed will be sufficient to cover standard office and cleaning supplies
for 3 months following the opening of the Franchised Business. This investment is nonrefundable.

(10)     Except as otherwise noted, the figures in the chart are annual expenses. You may purchase required
insurance through an independent provider or take advantage of insurance made available to you through a
program administered by H&R Block Insurance Agency, Inc. Through the Franchise Insurance Program,
you will be able to secure Errors & Omissions, General Liability, and Property (contents, betterments, and
improvements only that are customary to the operation of your H&R Block business) insurance coverage.
The insurance premium is billed on an annual basis. The coverage period is from January 1 to December
31 with no proration for partial year coverage. The insurer may require you to pay your entire annual
premium in advance. This investment is nonrefundable. H&R Block Insurance Agency, Inc. reserves the
right to withhold or deny coverage based on our evaluation of an individual franchisee’s risk profile.
(11)     Unless you must obtain a variance, waiver, or otherwise alter current zoning conditions, you are
not expected to incur zoning expenses. If you do incur these expenses, this investment is nonrefundable.


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      13
