software and online services when those services are offered. You are required to use our tax preparation
software to operate your Franchised Business under the FLA. You may not use any other tax preparation
software or systems in the operation of your Franchised Business unless authorized by us in writing. The
Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement is attached as Exhibit I-1 to this disclosure
document. It authorizes you to use our System and our tax preparation software and enables you to
electronically transmit returns through our affiliates. You are required to annually accept the agreement by
electronically signing it within the System before you can use our tax preparation software. We may modify
the Agreement at our sole discretion.

Manuals

The table of contents of the Manual is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit J. You are required
to operate the Franchised Business in compliance with the Manual, which may be modified by us to meet
current business needs.

ITEM 12            TERRITORY

The FLA grants you the right to operate the Franchised Business from a location or locations (“Approved
Location”) within a prescribed Franchise Territory approved by us in writing. The Franchise Territory of
the Franchised Business is described in Exhibit A to the FLA. When operating in a rural location, the
Franchise Territory is generally described as the municipal boundaries of a city, town, or village. The
Franchise Territory for a franchise located in a metropolitan area will vary but is typically limited to a
specific address or a mapped territory. Therefore, the minimum Franchise Territory granted to you may be
limited to a specific address.

Nothing in the FLA prohibits you from performing tax return preparation services at an Approved Location
within the Franchise Territory for persons residing outside the Franchise Territory, and you are not
prohibited from advertising in media originating in the Franchise Territory that extends beyond the
Franchise Territory. You may not operate an internet website, sell services on the internet, or solicit the
services you offer under the FLA on any internet website unless authorized by us in writing.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 2 of the FLA, we will not operate or license any other person to
operate a Network Office using both the Licensed Marks and the System at any location in your Franchise
Territory.

You will not receive an exclusive Franchise Territory. You may face competition from other franchisees
or H&R Block tax businesses that we or our affiliates franchise or own and that operate at traditional sites
outside your Franchise Territory. You may also face competition from other offices that we franchise or
own, or that are franchised or owned by our Parent or affiliates, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands we control.

We or our affiliates may offer or license others to offer to any clients at or from locations within or outside
of the Franchise Territory: (1) any products and services (including Authorized Services) over the internet
under any names or marks; (2) any products and services other than Authorized Services (including
insurance services, financial planning, and tax return preparation software that aid people in preparing their
own tax returns) under any names or marks; and (3) any products and services (including Authorized
Services) under any names or marks other than the Licensed Marks.

The FLA does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional
franchises.



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                       29
