      "Pathward Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(a)
(Indemnification of Pathward by Franchisee).

        "Pathward Licensed Marks" means the trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos
and other proprietary designations of Pathward, licensed to EFS and certain of its Affiliates and to
Franchisee in connection with the Program. For the avoidance of doubt, “Pathward” is included
in the Pathward Licensed Marks.

        "Pathward Service Provider" means a third-party service provider (including any
Affiliate of Pathward) used by Pathward in connection with the performance of Pathward's
obligations under the PMA or this Franchise Distribution Agreement; provided, however, that
regardless of whether they provide services to Pathward, each of EFS, the EFS Service Providers,
EFS's Affiliates, and Franchisee are not Pathward Service Providers.

        "Payment Network" means Mastercard International Incorporated, Visa Inc. and any
other network, including reload networks, as selected by EFS and approved by Pathward (such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld), facilitating financial transactions through the use of a
credit, debit or prepaid product.

        "Payment Network Rules" means (a) the applicable bylaws, rules, bulletins, regulations,
documentation and manuals promulgated or adopted by each of the Payment Networks, and
(b) any applicable operating rules or guidelines of Nacha, in each case as such rules, manuals and
other items may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

        "Person" means and includes any individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation,
limited liability company, bank, trust, and unincorporated organization.

        "Personally Identifiable Information" means any information that alone, or in
combination with other information, relates to a specific, identifiable individual or can be used to
identify an individual, including any information defined as "nonpublic personal information" for
purposes of GLBA.

      "Policies and Procedures" means those policies and procedures established by Pathward
and EFS governing the performance of their duties in connection with the Program.

       "PMA" means the Program Management Agreement by and between EFS and Pathward,
dated as of August 5, 2020, as amended.

      "Program" means the implementation and operation of the program for offering
Pathward's Financial Products to HRB Customers pursuant to the PMA.

       "Program Customer" means any Accountholder or any Applicant.

       "Program Customer Data" means Accountholder Data and Applicant Data.

        "Program Documents" means all documents and materials pertaining to the Program that
are to be used by or with Prospective Customers and Program Customers in connection with the
Program, including the Applications, Accountholder agreements, Financial Product terms and

                                                 7
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
