  In addition to litigation and arbitration matters, we are also subject to other loss contingencies arising out of our
business activities, including as described below.

   We accrue liabilities for litigation, arbitration, and other related loss contingencies and any related settlements
when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range
of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount
within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate
than any other amount, we accrue the minimum amount in the range.

   For such matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, or the loss cannot be
reasonably estimated, no accrual has been made. It is possible that such matters could require us to pay damages
or make other expenditures or accrue liabilities in amounts that could not be reasonably estimated as of June 30,
2025. While the potential future liabilities could be material in the particular quarterly or annual periods in which
they are recorded, based on information currently known, we do not believe any such liabilities are likely to have a
material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
As of June 30, 2025 and 2024 our total accrued liabilities were $6.2 million and $7.2 million, respectively.
   Our estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses includes (1) matters where a liability has been
accrued and there is a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued for that liability, and (2) matters
where a liability has not been accrued but we believe a loss is reasonably possible. This aggregate range only
represents those losses as to which we are currently able to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss. It
does not represent our maximum loss exposure.

   Matters for which we are not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss are not
included in this range. We are often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such
matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the reasonably possible loss or range of
loss, such as precise information about the amount of damages or other remedies being asserted, the defenses to
the claims being asserted, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by courts or
arbitrators on motions or appeals, analyses by experts, or the status or terms of any settlement negotiations.

   The estimated range of reasonably possible loss is based upon currently available information and is subject to
significant judgment and a variety of assumptions, as well as known and unknown uncertainties. The matters
underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the
current estimate. As of June 30, 2025, we believe the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses
in excess of amounts accrued, where the range of loss can be estimated, is not material.
   At the end of each reporting period, we review relevant information with respect to litigation, arbitration and
other related loss contingencies and update our accruals, disclosures, and estimates of reasonably possible loss or
range of loss based on such reviews. Costs incurred with defending matters are expensed as incurred. Any receivable
for insurance recoveries is recorded separately from the corresponding liability, and only if recovery is determined
to be probable and reasonably estimable.

   We believe we have meritorious defenses to the claims asserted in the various matters described in this note,
and we intend to defend them vigorously. The amounts claimed in the matters are substantial, however, and there
can be no assurances as to their outcomes. In the event of unfavorable outcomes, it could require modifications to
our operations; in addition, the amounts that may be required to be paid to discharge or settle the matters could be
substantial and could have a material adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows.




                                                                                     H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   63
