(12)   We estimate that you will need to provide deposits for utilities. The amount of these deposits varies
depending on the practices of utility companies. This investment may be refundable.

(13)   You may want to employ a qualified architect to prepare preliminary and final architectural
drawings for the Approved Location, but that would be unusual. This investment is nonrefundable.

(14)    You may want to employ an attorney, accountant, and other consultants. Costs for these services
will vary. This investment is nonrefundable.

(15)    You will need capital to support ongoing expenses, such as estimated amounts for payroll
(excluding your own salary) and utilities, to the extent these costs are not covered by sales revenue. New
businesses often generate a negative cash flow. We estimate that the amount listed will be sufficient to
cover ongoing expenses for the start-up phase of the Franchised Business, which we calculate to be 3
months. This is only an estimate. Additional working capital may be necessary during this start-up phase
or thereafter. This investment is nonrefundable.

(16)    Some states and local governments regulate various industries. Consequently, you may incur costs
associated with business licensing, tax preparer certification and registration for your employees, and other
applicable registrations. You will be required to comply with these requirements and pay all associated
fees. This investment is nonrefundable.

(17)     We relied upon our Parent’s and our collective experience of over 60 years in the industry to
compile these estimates to assist franchisees with establishing offices. Since these estimates are based on
costs to establish a new, single retail office, the initial investment required for a franchise transaction for
the purchase of multiple offices, or an established Franchise Territory will be more. During the preceding
Fiscal Year, no company-owned outlet or territory was sold. The total estimated value depends on the
number of offices within the territory, the size and condition of the leased premises for each office, and
whether upgrades to signage, equipment, furniture, and décor are required to comply with the Manual. You
should review these estimates carefully with a business advisor before deciding to acquire the franchise.
Although we do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment, our affiliate,
Franchise Partner, Inc., offers financing as described in Item 10. The availability and terms of financing
depend on many factors including the availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness and
collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which you request a loan.

ITEM 8             RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

You must operate your Franchised Business according to our System and our System standards. System
and System standards may: (1) regulate, among other things, the types, models, and brands of required
fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs, materials, and supplies to be used in operating your Franchised
Business; (2) require or authorize products and product categories, computer hardware and software (some
software is proprietary to us); and (3) designate or approve suppliers of such items. Our System and System
standards are set forth in the Manual. We reserve the right to add to and otherwise modify the Manual as
we determine is necessary or desirable throughout the term of the FLA. You will be required to comply
with any modifications at your expense throughout the term of the FLA.

We or our affiliates negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers of insurance, some office supplies, and
other equipment for the benefit of Franchisees. We do not derive revenue if you purchase or lease supplies
and equipment from suppliers other than purchases from us or our affiliates. We may, in some instances,
collect payment from you for remittance to suppliers.



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                       14
