                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                          FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                              REQUIRED BY MINNESOTA

To the extent the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22 applies to the offer or sale to
you of the franchise described in the attached H&R Block Tax Services, LLC Franchise Disclosure
Document, the terms of this Amendment apply.

State Cover Page and Item 17, Additional Disclosures:

Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted
outside of Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial or requiring the franchisee to consent to liquidated
damages, termination penalties, or judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document will
abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, or your rights to any
procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

Franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. The franchisor may seek injunctive
relief. A court will determine if a bond is required.

Item 4, Additional Disclosure: Item 4 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

During the 15-year period immediately preceding the date of this disclosure document, neither we, any
parent, predecessor, affiliate, officer or general partner of ours, nor any other person who will have
management responsibility relating to the sale or operation of the franchises offered by this disclosure
document has been involved as a debtor in proceedings under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any foreign
bankruptcy laws required to be disclosed in this Item.

Item 6, Additional Disclosure:

NSF checks are governed by Minn. Stat. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service charges.

Item 13, Additional Disclosures:

The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify Minnesota Franchisees
against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the franchisee’s use of the
franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights of the third party. The franchisor does not
indemnify against the consequences of a franchisee’s use of a franchisor’s trademark except in accordance
with the requirements of the Agreement, and as the condition to an indemnification, the franchisee must
provide notice to the franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender the defense of the claim to the
franchisor. If the franchisor accepts tender of defense, the franchisor has the right to manage the defense
of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, or to determine
whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.

Item 17, Additional Disclosures:

Any condition, stipulation, or provision, including any choice of law provision, purporting to bind any
person who, at the time of acquiring a franchise is a resident of the State of Minnesota or in the case of a
partnership or corporation, organized or incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota, or
purporting to bind a person acquiring any franchise to be operated in the State of Minnesota to waive
compliance or which has the effect of waiving compliance with any provision of the Minnesota Franchise
Law is void.

                                                   B-11
                                                                         2025 Minnesota State Amendment to the FDD
                                                                                                          Exhibit B
