                 (V)     “Optional Services” means products and services (that may or may not be related
        to tax preparation) that Franchisee may be authorized but not required by H&R Block to offer or
        perform under the terms and conditions H&R Block may require. H&R Block may change its
        designations of whether particular products or services are Optional Services.

                (W)      “Preseason” means that portion of a calendar year other than the Tax Season.

                 (X)      “Principal” means Franchisee, if Franchisee is an individual; or an individual
        approved by H&R Block who holds an Equity Interest in Franchisee, if Franchisee is a business
        entity, who personally assumes and agrees to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement as
        demonstrated by signing as Principal below and to whom H&R Block may look to the individual,
        in addition to the business entity, for the proper performance of Franchisee’s obligations under this
        Agreement.

                (Y)      “Reporting Period” means those periods designated by H&R Block in the Manual
        or otherwise in writing for the payment of royalties and the submittal of reports by Franchisee under
        this Agreement.

                (Z)      “Required Services” means income tax return preparation, electronic filing of
        income tax returns, and any other products or services (that may or may not be related to tax return
        preparation) as H&R Block may require Franchisee to offer in conducting the Franchised Business.
        H&R Block may change its designations of whether particular products and services are Required
        Services.

                (AA) “Tax Season” means the period in each year from the first weekday after
        January 1 through the last date on which individual federal income tax returns for the preceding
        year may be filed without receiving an extension of time or incurring any penalty for late filing.

                (BB) “Technology Standards” means the standards specified in the Manual for
        technology to be used in the Franchised Business, including the internet, the intranet operated by
        H&R Block or an affiliate, and computer hardware, software, and virus protection.

                 (CC) “Transfer” means a sale, assignment, conveyance, lease, pledge, gift, mortgage,
        or other encumbrance or transfer, whether direct or indirect, in whole or in part, or in one or a series
        of related transactions or occurrences, of (1) this Agreement or of any rights or obligations under
        it, (2) any Equity Interest in Franchisee, or (3) any assets of the Franchised Business beyond
        transfers necessary in the ordinary course of business.

        2.      Grant of Franchise.

         2.1     License to Operate the Franchised Business. Subject to the terms, conditions, and
limitations in this Agreement, H&R Block grants to Franchisee the right, and Franchisee undertakes the
obligation, to use the Licensed Marks and the H&R Block System to conduct the Franchised Business at
each Approved Location in the Franchise Territory during the term of this Agreement. Without H&R
Block’s written consent, Franchisee may not use the Licensed Marks or any element of the H&R Block
System at any location that is not an Approved Location, in the operation of any other business, or in any
other channel of distribution. Except as otherwise described in this Agreement, for so long as Franchisee
is in compliance with this Agreement, H&R Block will not operate or license another person to operate a
Network Office in the Franchise Territory during the term of this Agreement. H&R Block retains all rights
not expressly granted in this Agreement. H&R Block, its affiliates, and their respective franchisees and
licensees may operate businesses other than Network Offices in the Franchise Territory. Without obligation
                                                      3
                                                            2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit F-1
