       be responsible for damage or loss caused by errors of the internet and will not be liable for any
       direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, or consequential damages arising out of the use of
       the internet or the inability to use the internet.

               (B)     Franchisee will purchase and install all necessary additions to the Franchised
       Business’s computer system at Franchisee’s expense and establish and continually maintain
       electronic connection with the internet that allows Franchisor to send messages to and receive
       messages from Franchisee.

                (C)     Franchisee may not use any of the Licensed Marks on or in connection with the
       internet, except as permitted by Section 11.3 of this Agreement.

        11.4    Intranet. H&R Block or an affiliate of H&R Block may, at its option, establish and
maintain an intranet, through which H&R Block may communicate with its franchisees and Network
Offices and through which H&R Block may disseminate updates to the Manual and other Confidential
Information.

                (A)     H&R Block or its affiliate will have no obligation to maintain an intranet
       indefinitely and may discontinue it at any time without liability to Franchisee.

                (B)     H&R Block or its affiliate will establish policies and procedures for the intranet’s
       use. These policies, procedures, and other terms of use will address issues such as (1) restrictions
       on the use of abusive, slanderous, or offensive language in electronic communications; (2)
       restrictions on communications between or among franchisees that endorse or encourage breach of
       any franchisee’s franchise agreement with H&R Block; (3) confidential treatment of materials that
       H&R Block or its affiliate transmits via the intranet; (4) password protocols and other security
       precautions; (5) grounds and procedures for H&R Block’s suspension or revocation of access to
       the intranet by Franchisee and others; and (6) a privacy policy governing Franchisor’s access to
       and use of electronic communications that franchisees and others post on the intranet. As
       administrator of the intranet, H&R Block or its affiliate will be allowed to access and view any
       communication that any person posts on the intranet. The intranet facility and all communications
       that are posted to it will become the property of H&R Block or its affiliate, free of any claims of
       privacy or privilege that Franchisee or any other person may assert.

                (C)     If Franchisee fails to comply with any policy or procedure governing the intranet,
       H&R Block or its affiliate may temporarily suspend Franchisee’s access to all or any aspect of the
       intranet (such as a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, or similar feature) until Franchisee fully
       cures the breach.

12.    Limitations on Competition and Disclosure.

       12.1    Confidential Information.

               (A)     Except as expressly provided herein, Franchisee will have no right, title, or interest
       in Confidential Information. Franchisee will communicate, disclose, and use Confidential
       Information only as expressly permitted in this Agreement or as required by law. Franchisee will
       disclose Confidential Information only to those of Franchisee’s Associates, employees, agents, or
       independent contractors who must have access to it in connection with their work on behalf of the
       Franchised Business. This covenant will survive the expiration, termination, or Transfer of this
       Agreement or any interest in this Agreement and will be perpetually binding upon Franchisee.

                                                    17
                                                          2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit F-1
