approved marketing materials that we make available to you that can be customized to meet your business
needs.

You are permitted at your option to place additional advertising at your own expense, but you must not use
unsolicited e-mail advertising. Any advertising or promotions by you must be preapproved by us,
conducted in a dignified manner, and conform to all standards and requirements that we specify. You must
submit samples of all advertising and promotional plans and materials to us for our prior approval (except
for prices to be charged). You must not use the plans or materials until we have approved them in writing
(refer to FLA §§ 2 and 3).

Location Selection

You must lease or acquire an office location in advance of signing the FLA. All locations require our written
approval before you may operate the Franchised Business from the location. Factors we consider before
we approve a location include the general area and neighborhood, traffic patterns, parking facilities, size,
and proximity to existing offices.

We do not lease office locations to you. If you purchase a company-owned retail tax business, any
assignment of that office lease may require prior consent from the landlord, which we cannot guarantee.
You are ultimately responsible for negotiating and complying with the terms of your lease.

We estimate the typical length of time between signing the FLA and opening of a new Franchised Business
to be 30 to 120 days. Factors that may affect this time period include the ability to: secure acceptable
financing arrangements; obtain a lease; purchase and install computers and other equipment; secure any
required approvals for zoning permits and building permits for construction issues; and complete required
Initial Training.

Prior to opening an office, you will be required to: satisfy local ordinances and building codes by obtaining
any required permits to remodel or decorate the office; hire and train employees; and acquire all computers,
equipment, signage, fixtures, and supplies. We provide written specifications for a number of these items
in the Manual.

Computer System

All H&R Block offices are required to operate within a secure network of computers and printers used only
for tax preparation and H&R Block authorized products and services. To be fully supported by the H&R
Block technology support center, we require you to meet the Retail Tax Office Technology Standards (also
referred to as “Block Tech Ready” or “BTR” standards) listed below for computer equipment and other
hardware and software. We require you to use all H&R Block standard computer hardware purchased from
our approved vendor and configured according to our specifications as described in the Manual in order to
receive H&R Block Technical Support. We estimate that the average 6-tax-desk office setup with
supporting infrastructure hardware will cost approximately $10,800. All pricing is based on a 6-tax-desk
office, Technology Standards, and any updates. Costs will vary if Block Tech Ready standards change.

You must operate your Franchised Business using a networked computer system that enables you to prepare
tax returns by computer and file tax returns electronically. You are also required to use our methods,
System, and proprietary software for Windows-based computers that we provide to you. Our System will
only work if you meet our Block Tech Ready standards listed below. Periodic upgrades to computer
equipment and operating systems may be required at your expense during the term of the franchise with a
3- to 5-year replacement cycle considered average.



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      22
