Block will have no obligation to maintain tax preparation or electronic filing software for any type or brand
of computer equipment that does not meet then-current Technology Standards of H&R Block or its affiliate.

         8.3     The H&R Block System. In order to protect H&R Block’s goodwill, provide a uniform,
high-quality client experience, and to respond to changing market conditions and technological
developments, Franchisee will use the H&R Block System only as directed by H&R Block and only in
Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Business. H&R Block may modify the H&R Block System as it
deems appropriate. H&R Block’s modifications to the H&R Block System may include, without limitation,
changes to the products, programs, services, methods, standards, forms, policies, or procedures of the H&R
Block System. Franchisee will promptly comply with any changes to the H&R Block System. Franchisee
will accept, use, and make any changes or modifications to the H&R Block System made by H&R Block
as if they were part of the H&R Block System at the time this Agreement was entered into. Except as
explicitly provided in this Agreement, H&R Block will not be liable to Franchisee for any expenses, losses,
or damages sustained by Franchisee as a result of Franchisee’s use of or changes to the H&R Block System.

9.      Supplies.

        9.1     Approved Items. In developing and operating the Franchised Business, Franchisee will
use only the equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, supplies, computer systems, and other items that H&R
Block has approved as meeting the specifications and standards of the H&R Block System for quality,
design, appearance, function, and performance. Franchisee will not deviate from H&R Block’s mandatory
specifications and standards unless the deviation is approved by H&R Block in writing before
implementation.

         9.2      Equipment and Supplies Purchased from H&R Block. H&R Block, either directly or
through its affiliates or third parties, may offer for sale to Franchisee office supplies, forms, equipment, and
other items that H&R Block determines may assist the Franchisee in operating the Franchised Business.
H&R Block will furnish order forms and price schedules for these items, but if an item has not been priced
when Franchisee places an order, the price will be furnished to Franchisee when available. If the price
provided by H&R Block after an order has been placed by Franchisee is not agreeable, Franchisee may
cancel the order for that item within 5 days after learning the price.

        9.3     Supply Float. If Franchisee is current on all of its obligations to H&R Block, H&R Block
may extend credit to Franchisee in an amount specified by H&R Block in the Manual in advance of each
Tax Season for Franchisee’s purchase from H&R Block or its affiliates of supplies and forms for use in the
operation of the Franchised Business. Payment for these supplies and forms will be due on March 10 of
the Tax Season for which the forms and supplies were ordered, or as otherwise instructed by H&R Block.
All other payments for supplies and forms ordered from H&R Block will be due within 10 days after
Franchisee receives them or the date of an invoice for payment, whichever is earlier. H&R Block may
charge interest on overdue amounts at the rate of 15% per annum or the highest rate permitted by law,
whichever is less, compounded monthly, from the date originally due until the date of payment.

         9.4    Required Purchases from H&R Block and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding Section 9.2
of this Agreement, H&R Block may designate products and services for use in or resale by the Franchised
Business that Franchisee will purchase from H&R Block, its affiliates, or third parties designated by H&R
Block. H&R Block, its affiliates, or third parties designated by H&R Block may be one of several, or the
only, designated supplier of an item and may derive revenue as a result of the required purchases.




                                                      11
                                                            2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                             Exhibit F-1
