        21.3    Settlement and Remedial Actions. H&R Block may in its judgment, without notice to
Franchisee, consent or agree to a settlement of or take other remedial or corrective actions with respect to
any Action. H&R Block’s election to settle any Action will not diminish Franchisee’s obligation to defend,
indemnify, and hold the Indemnitees harmless from all Losses and Expenses. Franchisee will pay all Losses
and Expenses incurred by H&R Block or any Indemnitees regardless of the terms of any settlement that
H&R Block enters into or the success or failure of any defense or remedial action that H&R Block
undertakes.

         21.4    Third-Party Recovery. Under no circumstances will the Indemnitees be required or
obligated to seek recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate their losses in order to maintain their
right to recovery under Section 21 of this Agreement. The failure to pursue recovery from third parties or
to mitigate loss will in no way reduce the amounts recoverable from Franchisee by Indemnitees.

        21.5     Survival. The terms of Section 21 of this Agreement will survive the termination,
expiration, or Transfer of this Agreement or any interest herein.

22.     Representations and Warranties.

        22.1    Representations, Warranties, and Covenants of Franchisee. If Franchisee is not an
individual, Franchisee and Principal represent, warrant, and covenant to H&R Block that:

                 (A)     Due Incorporation. Franchisee is and will remain duly formed and organized,
        validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with all
        requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform the obligations contained
        herein.

                 (B)      Authorization. The execution, delivery, and performance by Franchisee of this
        Agreement and all other agreements contemplated by this Agreement has been duly authorized by
        all requisite actions on the part of Franchisee, and no further actions are necessary to make this
        Agreement or the other agreements valid and binding upon it and enforceable against it in
        accordance with the respective terms.

                 (C)     Execution and Performance. Neither the execution, delivery, nor performance
        by Franchisee of this Agreement or of any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement will
        conflict with or result in a breach of any term or provision of Franchisee’s charter or governing
        documents or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other contract or agreement to which
        Franchisee is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound, or violate any order, writ,
        injunction, or decree of any court, administrative agency, or governmental body.

                (D)      Corporate Documents. Certified copies of Franchisee’s charter and governing
        documents and any related amendments, including board of director’s or partner’s resolutions
        authorizing this Agreement, have been delivered to H&R Block.

                (E)     Equity Interests. All equity or ownership interests in Franchisee are accurately
        and completely described in Exhibit B and no change will be made in equity or ownership interests
        in Franchisee other than as permitted under this Agreement or otherwise consented to in writing by
        H&R Block. Franchisee will maintain at all times a current list of all owners of record and all
        beneficial owners of equity or ownership interests in Franchisee. Franchisee will make the list
        available to H&R Block upon request.



                                                     31
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
