Partner’s security interest upon request. Franchise Partner or its agents are expressly authorized to verify
the accuracy of such books and records by any method Franchise Partner or its agents deem appropriate,
including, but not limited to, direct contact with any and all account debtors. All of the foregoing may be
accomplished as often as Franchise Partner deems appropriate.


         (f)    We will keep all of the Collateral at the locations set forth in the application and the books
and records pertaining to the Collateral and maintain our chief executive office and chief place of business
at the address set forth in the application, and shall not store any Collateral in any other places, move the
books and records, nor change the location of our chief executive office and chief place of business
without obtaining Franchise Partner’s prior written consent.


           (g)   We will not sell, assign, or transfer, any part or all of the Collateral.


        (h)     We will, if any of the Collateral are evidenced by promissory notes, trade acceptances,
or other instruments for the payment of money, immediately deliver the same to Franchise Partner
appropriately endorsed to Franchise Partner’s order, and regardless of the form of such endorsement, we
waive demand, presentment, notice of dishonor and all other notices with respect thereto.


       (i)     We will notify Franchise Partner at least thirty (30) days before we: (i) make changes to
our name, trade name, or name under which we do business; or (ii) make use of any new or additional
names.

        (j)       Franchise Partner is expressly authorized to endorse, in our names, any item that may
come into Franchise Partner’s possession in any manner, representing any payment on, or other
proceeds of, the Collateral, and to apply the proceeds of the Collateral to our Obligations in any manner
Franchise Partner determines. We hereby waive demand, presentment, notice of dishonor and all other
notices with respect thereto, and this authorization will be deemed a power coupled with an interest, and
irrevocable until all Obligations are paid in full.


        (k)      We will not compromise, adjust, discount, or factor the Collateral without Franchise
Partner’s prior written consent.


9. Financial Information. Upon request, we will promptly deliver to Franchise Partner:


           (a)   a completed and signed financial statement in such form as Franchise Partner may
require;

       (b)      a copy of our federal income tax returns, including all applicable schedules, attachments
and exhibits; and


        (c)    any other financial statement or information concerning our financial affairs which
Franchise Partner may request from time to time.


10. Events of Default and Remedies.


        (a)     Each of the following events is an “Event of Default” (which we agree also constitutes a
“material and substantial breach” of the terms of our FLA pertaining to our Franchised Business):


                                                    7
