ITEM 11            FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND
                   TRAINING

Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.

Pre-Opening Obligations

Before the opening of the Franchised Business to the public, we (or our designee) are required by the FLA
to provide the following assistance and services to you:

1.      We may provide advice on site selection and location before you sign the FLA. Your location
requires our written approval (see FLA § 7).

2.       We will provide training as set forth below (also see FLA § 7).

3.      We will make available to you at no charge the System and software necessary for the computerized
preparation and electronic filing of tax returns. You are required to use what we provide you (see FLA
§ 8). You may choose to purchase additional non-tax preparation software and equipment for your
Franchised Business.

4.       We will provide you access to the Manual through H&R Block’s intranet website (see FLA § 1).

5.       We will provide information to assist you in establishing an operating plan (see FLA § 7).

6.       We are not required to, and do not, provide assistance with conforming the premises to local
ordinances and building codes and obtaining any required permits, and/or constructing, remodeling, or
decorating the premises, and/or hiring employees. Except for certain training that we may require relating
to the preparation of tax returns, we do not provide assistance with training employees.

During the Operation of the Franchised Business:

We will provide certain materials, assistance, and services to you in the manner we determine advisable,
including the following (see FLA §§ 2 and 7):

1.       Advice concerning your management and operation of the Franchised Business;
2.       Review of your annual operating plan;
3.       Specialized internal reporting forms;
4.       Promotion and advertising;
5.       Our standard signs or, if necessary, a suitable alternative; and
6.       Replacement signs.

Any duty or obligation imposed on us by the FLA may be performed by any of our designees, employees,
or agents as we may direct.


Training Programs

1.       Initial Training

Initial training is provided for new franchisees prior to the first Tax Season or immediately following the
first Tax Season (“Initial Training”). All new franchisees are required to attend Initial Training that is


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                     19
