        (i)     Any failure to make a timely payment of any amount due, in the full amount due,
under this Agreement.


         (ii)   Any failure to perform any of our agreements or covenants contained in the FLA,
or any inaccuracy in or breach of any of our representations or warranties in the FLA.


       (iii)    Any failure to perform any of our agreements or covenants contained in this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, or any inaccuracy in or breach of any of our
representations or warranties in this Agreement or any other Credit Document.


      (iv)     The death or incapacity (as such term is defined in the FLA) of any natural person
who gave Franchise Partner a security interest to secure the amounts we owe under this
Agreement or any other Credit Document.


        (v)      Any dissolution, change in control, appointment of a receiver, insolvency, filing
of bankruptcy, sale of assets or attempt to terminate any guaranty of the Obligations under this
Agreement or any other Credit Document by any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity that signed this Agreement or any other Credit Document.


       (vi)     Any garnishment, attachment, levy, execution, seizure, restraint or similar
process against any Collateral.


        (vii)    Any entry of an injunction or other court order against us that prohibits or
otherwise prevents us from conducting, transacting, or engaging in the Franchised Business
including, without limitation, filing income tax returns electronically.


         (viii)   Any sale, disposition, assignment, gift or other transfer of any Collateral without
the prior written consent of Franchise Partner.


        (ix)    Any termination of any independent contractor agreement or any financial
products license agreement between Block, or any subsidiary or franchisee of Block, or any
successors or assigns of Block or such subsidiary or franchisee, and us, pertaining to our
Franchised Business.


        (x)     Any event or condition which, in Franchise Partner’s sole discretion, is a material
adverse change in our business or financial condition, or the business or financial condition of
any endorser, guarantor, or surety for our debts, or which materially and adversely affects, or
reasonably could affect, the ability of any of the foregoing to perform their respective obligations
to Franchise Partner.


          (xi)    Any written notice to us of the reasonable determination by Franchise Partner
that it deems itself insecure with respect to the payment of the Obligations or with respect to any
of the Collateral, including the reasons therefor.


       (xii)  Any termination or expiration of any FLA or other franchise agreement between
us and H&R Block Tax Services, or any of its successors, assigns, or affiliates.


                                          8
