NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
NATURE OF OPERATIONS – Our subsidiaries provide assisted and do-it-yourself (DIY) tax return preparation
solutions through multiple channels (including in-person, online and mobile applications, virtual, and desktop
software) and distribute H&R Block-branded services and products, including those of our bank partners, to the
general public primarily in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Australia. Tax returns are either prepared by H&R
Block tax professionals (in company-owned or franchise offices, virtually or via an online review) or prepared and
filed by our clients through our DIY tax solutions. We also offer small business solutions through our company-owned
and franchise offices (including in-person, online and virtual) and online through Wave.
   "H&R Block," "the Company," "we," "our" and "us" are used interchangeably to refer to H&R Block, Inc., to H&R
Block, Inc. and its subsidiaries, or to H&R Block, Inc.'s operating subsidiaries, as appropriate to the context.

  PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION – The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and our subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS – Our discontinued operations include the results of operations of Sand Canyon
Corporation, previously known as Option One Mortgage Corporation, which exited its mortgage business in fiscal
year 2008.
  SEGMENT INFORMATION – We report a single segment that includes all of our continuing operations.

    MANAGEMENT ESTIMATES – The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates,
assumptions and judgments are applied in the evaluation of contingent losses associated with pending claims and
litigation, reserves for uncertain tax positions, and fair value of reporting units. Estimates have been prepared based
on the best information available as of each balance sheet date. As such, actual results could differ materially from
those estimates.
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS – All non-restricted highly liquid instruments maturing within three months at
acquisition are considered to be cash equivalents.
  Outstanding checks in excess of funds on deposit (book overdrafts) included in accounts payable totaled $2.4
million and $2.8 million as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS – RESTRICTED – Cash and cash equivalents – restricted consists primarily of cash
held by our captive insurance subsidiary that is expected to be used to pay claims.
   RECEIVABLES AND RELATED ALLOWANCES – Our trade receivables consist primarily of accounts receivable from
tax clients for tax return preparation and related fees. The allowance for credit losses for these receivables requires
management's judgment regarding collectibility and current economic conditions to establish an amount considered
by management to be adequate to cover estimated losses as of the balance sheet date. Losses from tax clients for
tax return preparation and related fees are not specifically identified and charged off; instead they are evaluated on
a pooled basis. At the end of the fiscal year the outstanding balances on these receivables are evaluated based on
collections received and expected collections over subsequent years. We establish an allowance for credit losses at
an amount that we believe reflects the receivable at net realizable value. Typically in December of each year we
charge-off the receivables to an amount we believe represents the net realizable value.
  Our financing receivables consist primarily of participations in H&R Block Emerald Advance® (EA) term loans, loans
made to franchisees, and amounts due under H&R Block's Instant Refund® (Instant Refund).

  Our accounting policies related to receivables and related allowances are discussed further in note 4.



                                                                                        H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   45
