binding upon a Party unless in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of such Party.
Neither the failure to insist upon strict performance of any of the agreements, terms, covenants or
conditions hereof, nor the acceptance of monies due hereunder with knowledge of a breach of this
Franchise Distribution Agreement, is a waiver of any rights or remedies that a Party may have or
a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in any of such agreements, terms, covenants and
conditions.

        Section 10.16 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or
termination of this Franchise Distribution Agreement: Article 1 (Definitions), Article 7
(Intellectual Property Licensing), Article 8 (Confidentiality; Financial Privacy), Section 9.3
(Continuing Obligations), Article 10 (Miscellaneous), and any other provision intended by its
terms to survive.

       Section 10.17 Further Assurances. Each Party agrees to execute all such further
documents and instruments and to do all such further things as any other Party may reasonably
request in order to give effect and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

        Section 10.18 Cooperation. Each Party covenants that it will use commercially reasonable
efforts to cooperate with the other Parties in the operation of the Program and in performing its
obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

       Section 10.19 Counterparts. This Franchise Distribution Agreement may be executed in
one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Franchise
Distribution Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one
and the same Franchise Distribution Agreement.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Franchise Financial
Products Distribution Agreement as of the date of this Franchise Financial Products Distribution
Agreement.

                                             PATHWARD, N.A.


                                             By:/s/ Anthony Sharett
                                                Name: Anthony Sharett
                                                Title: President


                                             EMERALD FINANCIAL SERVICES, LLC


                                             By:/s/ Josh Fox
                                                Name: Josh Fox
                                                Title: President


The above signatures by Pathward and EFS are intended to be countersignatures on each and every

                                                29
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
