  Prohibited Technologies and
                                              Description                                Risk
           Processes
                                       system or computer
                                       hardware.
                                       Any installed software
                                       that has not undergone a     OS stability
 Non-Block approved 3rd Party
                                       Block review to evaluate
 software installed on POS or
                                       compatibility with Block     Application compatibility
 Backup role computers
                                       technology and data
                                       security policy.
                                       POS credit card devices
                                       that are not capable of
 Credit card information               encrypting the credit card   Payment Card Industry Data Security
 capturing devices that do not         data prior to any portion    Standards (PCI DSS) compliance
 comply with PCI DSS 2.0/3.0           of the cardholder data
                                       being accessible by any
                                       other system or person.
                                                                    Data security
 Removing, disabling, or
 modifying Block system                                             OS stability
 administration functionality                                       Application compatibility

                                       Computers outside of the
                                       Tax Office using the H&R Data security
 Using H&R Block Windows
                                       Block Windows Image are
 Image outside of the tax office                                License compliance
                                       subject to remote wipe
                                       and disablement

At our discretion, we may provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to any of the software
running in your Franchised Business.

We have independent access to information generated and stored in your Franchised Business’s computer
system. This includes access to Client Data, sales revenue reporting, computer hardware data, and limited
employee information.

All computers using our System must have H&R Block authorized anti-virus and data encryption software.
In the interests of client privacy and data security, we will also require you to strictly adhere to our data
encryption, Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance, antivirus/malware detection, and data transmission
security policies.

Non-H&R Block related businesses must not be on the same physical network as the Franchised Business.

Tax Preparation Software

Our proprietary tax preparation software was developed and is modified by us for income tax preparation
and electronic filing. We may also develop, provide, or authorize the use of certain bookkeeping and payroll



2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      28
