                        TERM LOAN CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


Borrowers: [Name(s) of approved applicants]
Date: [Today’s Date]
Maturity Date: [Determined by application/UW review]
Term Loan Amount: [Requested Borrowing Amount from loan terms and conditions]


        IN CONSIDERATION of credit extended to us by Franchise Partner, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(“Franchise Partner”), pursuant to this Term Loan Credit and Security Agreement, we hereby agree with Franchise
Partner as follows:


          1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:


          “Account” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of the date
hereof.

          “Administration Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement.

          “Agreement” means this Term Loan Credit and Security Agreement.

          “Annual Debt Service” has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) of this Agreement.

         “Approved Location” means the premises within our franchise territory, granted under an FLA to establish
an office or other outlet from which to conduct the Franchised Business.


          “Block” means H&R Block, Inc., a Missouri corporation, and/or any of its subsidiaries.

          “Collateral” has the meaning set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement.

        “Credit Documents” means this Agreement, including all appendices hereto, and all other documents
signed by us or any other party to create or evidence security for our Obligations under this Agreement.

        “Daily Periodic Rate” means the rate at which the outstanding principal balance accrues interest each
day, calculated as set forth in Section 3(b) of this Agreement.

          “Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 10(a) of this Agreement.

          “FLA” means a Franchise License Agreement between us and H&R Block Tax Services, or any of its
affiliates.

        “Franchised Business” means a retail tax preparation business operated by us as a franchisee of H&R
Block Tax Services, or any of its affiliates, pursuant to one or more FLAs.
