H&R Block Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of our Parent,
has served as the franchisor of the H&R Block System in Canada since 1964. Since 1964 H&R Block
Canada, Inc., has both owned and operated tax preparation businesses and licensed others to operate
Franchised Businesses under a franchise agreement. H&R Block Canada, Inc. was organized in Canada on
December 12, 1963, with a principal place of business at Suite 2600, 700 - 2 Street SW, Calgary, Alberta
T2P2W2, Canada. H&R Block Canada, Inc. has not offered franchises in any other line of business.

HRB Innovations, Inc., (described above) has served as the franchisor of the H&R Block System in
Australia since 1994. H&R Block Limited, an entity organized under the laws of New South Wales, with
a principal place of business at 265 Pennant Hills Road, Suite 1, Thornleigh, New South Wales 2120,
Australia, served as the franchisor of the H&R Block System in Australia and has owned and operated tax
preparation businesses since 1978. H&R Block Limited no longer actively offers franchises in Australia
but remains the franchisor under certain existing franchise agreements. HRB Innovations, Inc. does not
own or operate any tax preparation businesses and has not offered franchises in any other line of business.

The Franchise Offered

We offer a franchise agreement, the Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”), attached as Exhibit F-1 to this
disclosure document, that grants you the right to operate the Franchised Business using the Proprietary
Marks and the System in a given territory for a specific term. You may operate the Franchised Business
from any location approved in writing by H&R Block (“Approved Location”) within your Franchise
Territory.

There are various ways you may become an H&R Block franchisee, all of which are subject to our sole
discretion and approval. The various ways to become a franchisee are described below.

One franchise opportunity is to open a new retail office located within a defined Franchise Territory. We
will provide training and support for you to open and operate your Franchised Business. With our approval
and support, you will: (1) select an office location, (2) hire and train your staff, and (3) set up your office
with furnishings, signage, computers, and other office equipment according to our specifications and
requirements. Our marketing materials will be available to help you welcome and attract new clients to
this new location.

Another franchise opportunity that may be available is to purchase a furnished and equipped, company-
owned retail office that is currently operated by our affiliate. The Franchise Territory may be offered as a
defined or mapped area or as a specific office address. If you purchase a former company-owned retail
office, you will be: (1) authorized to solicit and serve H&R Block’s previously established client base for
that office, and (2) provided a list of trained tax professionals previously employed in that office to consider
when making your own hiring decisions. Offices available for purchase may change over time, and we
may discontinue offering company-owned retail offices for sale. If you purchase an office formerly
operated as a company-owned retail office, we may not be able to assign the lease for that location. We
cannot guarantee that the landlord will consent to assigning the lease for the same space where the company
formerly operated the office or that the terms of the lease will be acceptable to you. You are ultimately
responsible for negotiating and complying with the terms of your own lease.

In addition to any Approved Location in which we authorize you to operate a Franchised Business, you
may also be offered an opportunity to operate an H&R Block office in certain national or regional retail
stores or military bases or installations located within your Franchise Territory under any applicable
agreements between H&R Block and national or regional retail businesses or military or other government
installations.


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                        3
