                       AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                           FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             REQUIRED BY NORTH DAKOTA

To the extent the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent. Code, §§ 51-19-01 – 51-19-17
applies to the offer or sale to you of the franchise described in the attached H&R Block Tax Services, LLC
Franchise Disclosure Document, the terms of this Amendment apply.

Item 17, Additional Disclosures. The following statements are added to Item 17:

Any provision requiring franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside North Dakota or to
consent to the application of laws of a state other than North Dakota may be unenforceable under North
Dakota law. Any mediation or arbitration will be held at a site agreeable to all parties. If the laws of a state
other than North Dakota govern, to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, North Dakota
law will control.

Any general release the franchisee is required to assent to as a condition of renewal is not intended to nor
shall it act as a release, estoppel, or waiver of any liability franchisor may have incurred under the North
Dakota Franchise Investment Law.

Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or expiration of the Agreement are
enforceable only under certain conditions according to North Dakota law. If the Agreement contains a
covenant not to compete that is inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable.

The Agreement includes a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages. This waiver may not be enforceable
under North Dakota law.

The Franchise License Agreement stipulates that the franchisee shall pay all costs and expenses incurred
by franchisor in enforcing the agreement. For North Dakota franchisees, the prevailing party is entitled to
recover all costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees.

The Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a waiver of trial by jury. This waiver may not be
enforceable under North Dakota law.

The Franchise Disclosure Document and Agreement state that franchisee must consent to the jurisdiction
of courts outside that State of North Dakota. That requirement may not be enforceable under North Dakota
law.

The Franchise Disclosure Document and Agreement may require franchisees to consent to termination or
liquidated damages. This requirement may not be enforceable under North Dakota law.

The Agreement may require the franchisee to consent to a limitation of claims within one (1) year. To the
extent this requirement conflicts with North Dakota law, North Dakota law will apply.




                                                     B-18
                                                                         2025 North Dakota State Amendment to the FDD
                                                                                                             Exhibit B
