                                         EXHIBIT I-1
                                 FRANCHISE ELECTRONIC FILING
                               AND SOFTWARE SYSTEMS AGREEMENT

This Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between
H&R Block Tax Services LLC, a Missouri limited liability company, and its affiliates (“H&R Block”), and
you (“Franchisee”) (collectively “Parties”).    BY CLICKING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR BY INSTALLING, ACCESSING, OR USING ANY SOFTWARE THAT IS PART OF
THE H&R BLOCK PROGRAM AND SYSTEM (as that term is defined below), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT YOU HAVE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS
AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

Franchisee is a party to a franchise agreement or franchise agreements with H&R Block (all of which may be
referred to collectively as the “Franchise Agreement” or may be referred to separately as “each separate
Franchise Agreement,” as the context requires). All capitalized terms used in this Agreement, not otherwise
specifically defined, will have the meanings as defined in the Franchise Agreement.

H&R Block has developed software or licensed third party systems to prepare income tax returns and deliver
related products and services and a computerized system that allows Franchisee to provide clients with various
products and services, including the ability to use the IRS’s e-file system (“Electronic Filing Services”)
(collectively “Program and System”). Franchisee desires to use the Program and System for the operation of
the Franchised Business.

In exchange for the respective promises contained this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

1.      Grant of License. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below and in the Franchise Agreement,
H&R Block grants Franchisee a license to use the Program and System in connection with the operation of the
Franchised Business and Electronic Filing Services during the term of this Agreement.

2.       Use of the H&R Block Program and System. Franchisee will use the Program and System only
during the times that H&R Block makes the Program and System available. H&R Block will announce through
written or electronic communications directed to Franchisee any dates established by H&R Block as the first
date or last date that Electronic Filing Services may be provided by Franchisee to clients through use of the
Program and System. Any announcement will not be subject to the “Notices” provision of this Agreement.

H&R Block will provide a variety of services to Franchisee that are allowed by applicable laws and consistent
with the Franchise Agreement and related documents. The services may include services that assist Franchisee
in the preparation of tax returns or related auxiliary services. Types of services may include, but are not limited
to, electronic support and technology, retail office location analysis, tax law analysis and tax preparation
support, business continuity and transition services, client complaint support, data security and storage, training,
joint marketing of products and services, market research, data analysis, business results reporting, e-filing,
collections support, payment processing, fraud protection support, investigations and audit support, and quality
control assistance. Some of these services will involve a disclosure by Franchisee of Client Data, including tax
return information to H&R Block.

In the ordinary course of business, the Parties may disclose Client Data and any other non-public, personal
information to each other as permitted by law including, but not limited to, when: (a) the receiving party is
acting as a service provider to the disclosing party; or (b) necessary to effect, administer, or enforce a transaction
that a client requests or authorizes; or (c) servicing or processing financial products or services that a client

                                                               2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                     Exhibit I-1
                                                          4
