   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT – We use the following classification of financial instruments pursuant to the fair
value hierarchy methodologies for assets measured at fair value:
  ▪   Level 1 – inputs to the valuation are quoted prices in an active market for identical assets.
  ▪   Level 2 – inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets utilizing a third-
      party pricing service to determine fair value.
  ▪   Level 3 – valuation is based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market and our own estimates
      of assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset.

    Assets measured on a recurring basis are initially measured at fair value and are required to be remeasured at
fair value in the financial statements at each reporting date.
  Fair value estimates, methods and assumptions are set forth below. The fair value was not estimated for assets
and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments.
  ▪   Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted – Fair value approximates the carrying amount (Level 1).
  ▪   Receivables, net – short-term – For short-term balances the carrying values reported in the balance sheet
      approximate fair market value due to the relative short-term nature of the respective instruments (Level 1).
  ▪   Receivables, net – long-term – The carrying values for the long-term portion of loans to franchisees
      approximate fair market value due to variable interest rates, low historical delinquency rates and franchise
      territories serving as collateral (Level 1). Long-term EA, Refund Transfer (RT) and Instant Refund receivables
      are carried at net realizable value which approximates fair value (Level 3). Net realizable value is determined
      based on historical and projected collection rates.
  ▪   Long-term debt – The fair value of our Senior Notes is based on quotes from multiple banks (Level 2). See
      note 7 for fair value.
  ▪   Contingent consideration – Fair value approximates the carrying amount (Level 3). See note 10 for the carrying
      amount.

    REVENUE RECOGNITION – Revenue is recognized when a contract has been established with a customer and
when we satisfy the performance obligations by the transfer of a service or product to the customer. Revenue is the
amount of consideration we expect to receive for our services and products and excludes sales taxes. The majority
of our services and products have multiple performance obligations. We have certain services for which, the various
performance obligations are generally provided simultaneously at a point in time, and revenue is recognized at that
time. We have certain services and products where we have multiple performance obligations that are provided at
various points in time. For these services and products, we allocate the transaction price to the various performance
obligations based on relative standalone selling prices and recognize the revenue when the respective performance
obligations have been satisfied. We have determined that our contracts do not contain a significant financing
component.

   Service revenues consist of assisted and online tax preparation revenues, fees for electronic filing, revenues from
RTs, Emerald Card®, SpruceSM, Peace of Mind® (POM), Tax Identity Shield® (TIS) and Wave.

   Assisted tax preparation. Services include tax preparation and electronic filing or printing of the completed tax
return. Revenues from tax preparation and printing for clients that choose to print and mail their returns, are
recognized when a completed return is accepted by the customer. Revenues for electronic filing are recognized when
the return is electronically filed.

    Royalties. Revenues are based on contractual percentages of franchise gross receipts and are generally recorded
in the period in which the services are provided by the franchisee to the customer.

                                                                                    H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   47
