                                                                                      Admin. ID _________

                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                      FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR VIRGINIA

In recognition of the requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, Va. Code §§ 13.1-557 through
13.1-574 (the “Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”), for use in
the State of Virginia, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. If the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, the
provisions are hereby amended as follows:

        1.1      Termination. According to Section 13.1564 of the Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor to
cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any ground for default or termination stated in the FLA
does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Act or the laws of Virginia, that
provision may not be enforceable.

1.2     Acknowledgements. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.

4.       Effect on FLA. Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that the Act
applies independently and without reference to this Amendment.

H&R Block Tax Services LLC and the Franchisee have signed this Amendment as of the Effective Date
of the FLA.

 H&R BLOCK:                                               FRANCHISEE:
 H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC




 By:                                                      By:
 Name:                                                    Name:
 Title:                                                   Title:    Principal




                                                   B-24
                                                                           2025 Virginia State Amendment to the FLA
                                                                                                          Exhibit B
