        (b)      We agree to use money we borrow from Franchise Partner only in connection with our
operation of the Franchised Business and will not use the proceeds from this Term Loan for personal, family
or household (i.e. non-commercial) purposes.


         (c)     We authorize Franchise Partner to record in its books and records the date and amount
of each loan; Periodic Interest, Administration Fee, late charges and any other charges or fees; each
payment thereof; and the unpaid balance thereof. Those records are prima facie evidence of the accuracy
of the information contained therein, except that the failure of Franchise Partner to record, or any error in
recording, the information shall not limit, enlarge or otherwise affect our obligation to repay or pay the
amounts due pursuant to this Agreement.


3. Interest.


        (a)     The unpaid balance will accrue interest from the date on which the balance arose until
we repay the amount borrowed. The interest will accrue at a rate per annum equal to [Interest Rate
(Prime & Spread)] (the “Term Loan Interest Rate”). The Term Loan Interest Rate will not exceed the
highest rate permitted by applicable law.


          (b)       The Daily Periodic Rate will be calculated by dividing the Term Loan Interest Rate by
360. The accrued interest for a Monthly Billing Period is computed at Daily Periodic Rates only to the
billing date. However, interest continues to accrue daily at the applicable Daily Periodic Rate until the total
Term Loan balance outstanding is paid and posted to the account. Interest accrued on the unpaid balance
after the billing date will appear on the next Monthly Billing Statement. Any change in the Term Loan
Interest Rate derived from a change in the Prime Rate shall take effect on the first day of the first Monthly
Billing Period beginning after the calendar month upon which the changed Prime Rate is based. If the
Wall Street Journal ceases publication or ceases to report such a Prime Rate, then Franchise Partner
shall, in its sole, reasonable discretion, select a comparable publication or other benchmark to determine
the Prime Rate and provide notice thereof to us.


        (c)     Periodic Interest will be computed by multiplying the Daily Periodic Rate by the
outstanding principal balance each day that our Term Loan is outstanding in the Monthly Billing Period,
which is computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.


4. Fees.


         (a)    We agree to pay to Franchise Partner a 2% non-refundable fee on each loan as allowed
by law (the “Administration Fee”).


        (b)    If any check tendered by us to Franchise Partner or ACH transfer made by us to
Franchise Partner is dishonored for a reason not caused by Franchise Partner, we agree to pay to
Franchise Partner a “NSF Fee” of $15.00 for each check or ACH transfer that is dishonored.


5. Payments.


        (a)      We will repay this Term Loan debt by making 1 annual payment of at least

[$Annual Payment Amount determined by amortization schedule] each (the “Annual Debt Service”)
to Franchise Partner, on or before March 31 of each year, plus any final payment required in Section 5(e).

                                                   3
