Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of February 1 ("measurement date"), or more frequently if
events occur or circumstances change which would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit
below its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of the Wave reporting unit using the income
approach ("discounted cash flow model") and the market approach ("guideline public company method"). The
determination of the fair value using the discounted cash flow model requires management to make significant
estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, operating margins, and the discount rate. The
determination of the fair value using the guideline public company method requires management to make
significant assumptions related to the selection of market multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. The
goodwill balance was $783 million as of February 1, 2025, of which $159 million relates to the Wave reporting unit.
The estimated fair value of the Wave reporting unit exceeded its carrying value as of the measurement date and,
therefore, no impairment was recognized.

We identified the Company's goodwill impairment assessment for the Wave reporting unit as of the measurement
date as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair
value of Wave. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the
need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of
management’s estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues and operating margins and
selection of market multiples of comparable publicly traded companies and the discount rate.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenues and operating margins ("forecasts"), selection of
market multiples of comparable publicly traded companies, and the discount rate for the Wave reporting unit
included the following, among others:

    •    We tested the effectiveness of the control over management’s evaluation and determination of estimates
         and assumptions related to the forecast of future revenues and operating margins and selection of
         market multiples of comparable publicly traded companies and the discount rate.
    •    We evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast by comparing actual results to management’s
         historical forecasts.
    •    We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s revenue and operating margin forecasts by
         comparing the forecasts to (1) the Company's historical revenue growth and operating margin rates, (2)
         internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, (3) forecasted information included
         in industry reports, applicable market data, and guideline public company information, and (4) underlying
         analyses detailing business strategies and growth plans.
    •    We tested the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate.
    •    With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we performed the following:
             ◦    Evaluated the valuation methodologies
             ◦    Tested the mathematical accuracy of the discount rate calculations
             ◦    Evaluated the market multiples, including comparing the reporting unit’s growth and profitability
                  to the guideline public companies, testing the underlying source information and mathematical




                                                                                    H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   37
