         29.2    Choice of Venue. Any legal proceeding instituted by Franchisee, Franchisee’s Associates,
or Principal against H&R Block or its officers, employees, or affiliates, whether or not arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, will be brought only in a federal or state court located in Jackson County,
Missouri. Franchisee, Franchisee’s Associates, and Principal irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction
of those courts and waive any objection he, she, or it might have to either the jurisdiction of or the venue
in those courts. H&R Block may initiate legal proceedings against Franchisee, Franchisee’s Associates, or
Principal in a federal or state court located in Jackson County, Missouri, or in any other judicial district
where the Franchisee operates or operated an Approved Location.

         29.3    Severability. If all or any portion of any covenant contained in this Agreement is held
unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an unappealed final decision to which H&R
Block is a party, Franchisee, Franchisee’s Associates, and Principal will be bound by any lesser covenant
subsumed within the terms of the covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the
resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement. If any term, covenant, or
provision of this Agreement, or its application, is so determined to be unenforceable, the remaining terms,
covenants, and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without regard to the
invalid or unenforceable provision. However, if any term of this Agreement is so determined to be invalid
or unenforceable and the determination materially and adversely affects, in H&R Block’s judgment, H&R
Block’s ability to realize its rights in or the goodwill underlying the License Marks, the H&R Block System,
or the Confidential Information, or materially affects H&R Block’s other rights under this Agreement, H&R
Block may terminate this Agreement upon notice to Franchisee.

30.      Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to any reports, inspections, audits,
royalties, and fees that are due and payable to H&R Block under this Agreement.

31.     Heirs, Successors, and Assigns. Subject to Section 18 and related provisions of this Agreement,
this Agreement is binding on the respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and legal
representatives of all Parties.

32.     Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices required by this Agreement
will be in writing and are sufficiently given on the date delivered by hand, facsimile, email, or other
electronic system; or on the date mailed postage prepaid by certified or registered mail; or on the date
deposited with a reputable air courier service requesting next day or earliest delivery date available
addressed as follows or to another address, email address, or facsimile number that may hereafter be given
by either party to the other or to Franchisee’s email address of record with H&R Block:

        To Franchisor:
        H&R Block Tax Services LLC
        Chief Legal Officer
        One H&R Block Way
        Kansas City, MO 64105

        To Franchisee:

        At either the address referenced on page 1 or as otherwise updated in writing by Franchisee or to
        Franchisee’s email address of record with H&R Block.

       Notice to Franchisee will be effective, if sent by any method described above, on the date the notice
or communication is sent.


                                                    34
                                                          2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit F-1
