      3.3     Required Service. The sale of POM is a Required Service as defined in the Manual. All
POM revenue is subject to a 20% royalty payable to H&R Block as instructed in the Manual.

        3.4     Tax Notice Services. Franchisees must provide Tax Notice Services to clients who have
purchased POM and requested support. All Tax Notice Services must be entered and processed through
the Tax Notice Services module in the Tax Resolution System application. Additional guidance on Tax
Notice Services is provided on the Amp webpage: https://amp.hrblock.com/s/article/overview-and-
services. Franchisees will comply with this, and any additional guidelines provided by H&R Block
regardless of whether the related tax return was prepared at an office operated by Franchisee, another H&R
Block franchisee, an H&R Block company office, or an H&R Block affiliate’s office.

         3.5      Audit Representation. Franchisee must provide an Enrolled Agent or other IRS Circular
230 qualified practitioner (“Qualified Practitioner”) to represent clients who have purchased POM and have
requested audit representation, regardless of whether the related tax return was prepared at an office
operated by Franchisee, another H&R Block franchisee, an H&R Block company office, or an H&R Block
affiliate’s office. If the Franchisee is not a Qualified Practitioner and does not employ any Qualified
Practitioners in the Franchised Business, the Franchisee should contact the Franchise Support Manager to
arrange for representation. The Franchise Support Manager will then work with H&R Block to find a
Qualified Practitioner. If the Qualified Practitioner agrees to provide the audit representation, the Qualified
Practitioner will handle the audit from wherever possible and practical. If it becomes necessary for the
Qualified Practitioner to travel for purposes of meeting with the client or the IRS representative, Franchisee
must reimburse the Qualified Practitioner for all travel-related expenses. Franchisee will assist the Qualified
Practitioner by obtaining the required documentation generated as part of a Tax Notice Services or Tax
Resolution System engagement including Power of Attorney and documentation needed for the audit.

4.      POM Protection Program.

        4.1      POM Protection Program Participation. As a condition to offering POM, the Franchisee
must participate in H&R Block’s POM Protection Program. The POM Protection Program is designed to
pay claims for taxes owed to the taxpayer client under POM as a result of an error in preparing the tax
return subject to the Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan Terms and Conditions. The premium cost
associated with the POM Protection Program will be disclosed prior to Tax Season 2026. Premiums are in
addition to the royalty rate described above and will be paid by the Franchisee and, collected in the manner
directed by H&R Block. The Franchisee will be obligated to pay this premium to H&R Block for each
POM unit sold regardless of whether the Franchisee successfully collects payment from the client for the
POM unit, for example, in the case of unfunded Refund Transfers (“RTs”).

Premiums will be received by H&R Block to cover the cost of the POM Protection Plan. Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that H&R Block and its affiliates are not selling, soliciting the sale, or negotiating
the sale of the POM Protection Program to the Franchisee.

        4.2      Compliance and Deductibles. Franchisee must submit all claims through the Tax
Resolution System. Under the POM Protection Program, only approved claims are subject to a $50
deductible per claim payable by the Franchisee. No deductible will be due for unapproved claims.
Deductible payments must be remitted only after notification of claim approval. Deductible payments will
be collected in the manner directed by H&R Block.




                                                                         2025 Peace of Mind Franchise Acknowledgement
                                                                                                            Exhibit I-2
                                                      2
