10.7    Approved Locations.

        (A)     Franchisee will conduct the Franchised Business at all Approved Locations
continuously throughout the term of this Agreement unless H&R Block provides Franchisee with
written authorization permitting Franchisee to close or relocate an Approved Location. Franchisee
agrees that any authorization to close or relocate an Approved Location may be conditioned on
Franchisee’s consent to an amendment to Franchisee’s existing Franchise Territory. It will be a
material breach of this agreement to close, abandon, or relocate an Approved Location during the
term of this Agreement without H&R Block’s prior written approval.

If Franchisee closes or abandons an Approved Location, in addition to all other rights and remedies
available to H&R Block, H&R Block reserves the right to operate the Approved Location as a
Network Office. If H&R Block exercises its right to operate the Approved Location, (1) Franchisee
must assign all rights and interest it has in the lease and telephone numbers for the Approved
Location, and (2) Franchisee’s Franchise Territory will be amended to exclude the Approved
Location that was closed or abandoned.

        (B)      Prior to commencing any construction or renovation of an Approved Location,
Franchisee will submit to H&R Block, for H&R Block’s prior written approval, a proposed floor
plan design in a form that H&R Block prescribes. Franchisee will not commence the construction
or renovation until H&R Block approves the proposed floor plan design. H&R Block will notify
Franchisee of its approval or disapproval of the proposed floor plan design within 21 days of H&R
Block’s receipt of the proposed floor plan design. Once approved, the floor plan design will not be
modified without H&R Block’s prior written approval.

         (C)    Franchisee will not conduct or allow any other person to conduct any non-H&R
Block business or activities at or from any Approved Location unless authorized by H&R Block in
writing.

         (D)     Franchisee will provide H&R Block with a copy of the lease for each Approved
Location upon request. The lease will contain a provision permitting Franchisee to assign or
sublease the lease to H&R Block without the landlord’s consent, in a form substantially similar to
the assignment language provided by H&R Block in the Manual.

10.8    Operation of Franchised Business. Franchisee will at all times:

         (A)    Maintain each Approved Location in a neat and orderly condition, containing
adequate space for conducting the Franchised Business and meeting the then-current standards set
forth in the Manual. Promptly or within such other period as H&R Block may require following
notice from H&R Block, Franchisee will make any additions, alterations, repairs, and replacements
that H&R Block reasonably requires, including any periodic repainting, equipment repairs, and
replacement of obsolete signs and equipment that H&R Block may reasonably direct;

        (B)     Maintain a separate bank account for the Franchised Business;

        (C)    Pay in a timely manner all operational expenses of the Franchised Business,
including payroll, payroll taxes, rent, utilities, telephone charges, freight, supplies, and other
amounts owed to H&R Block or others in connection with the Franchised Business;

      (D)      Refrain from employing any person who has been suspended from the Internal
Revenue Service Electronic Filing Program, or any successor program;

                                            14
                                                  2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                   Exhibit F-1
