requests or authorizes to maintain or service the client’s account. The party receiving Client Data and any other
non-public, personal information must take reasonable and appropriate steps to maintain safeguards for the
protection of all Client Data and any other non-public, personal information provided by the disclosing party;
and the receiving party agrees that it is prohibited from disclosing or using the Client Data and any other non-
public, personal information other than to carry out Services (as defined in Section 6 of this Agreement). This
may include other uses or disclosures as permitted by law in the ordinary course of business so that the receiving
party may perform Services.

The Parties are tax return preparers subject to IRC Section 7216. IRC Section 7216 limits tax return preparers’
ability to use and disclose tax return information without consent for purposes other than the preparation of a
tax return; however, certain exceptions may apply (including, but not limited to, a party’s provision of
“auxiliary services” for another party in connection with tax preparation). The Parties are subject to restrictions
under IRC Section 7216 and acknowledge that a violation is a misdemeanor criminal offense subject to: (a) a
$1,000 fine per violation; (b) a prison sentence of up to one year; and (c) certain civil penalties available under
IRC Section 6713.

3.      Term. Unless terminated earlier, this Agreement is in effect for a “Term” commencing upon
acceptance by Franchisee and ending on the earlier of: (a) November 30 of the year following the date of
acceptance; or (b) the date a subsequent Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement is
accepted by Franchisee.

4.       Limitations on Authority Granted. Franchisee must use the Program and System only as provided
in this Agreement or as otherwise instructed by H&R Block and only during the Term granted under this
Agreement. Franchisee must use the Program and System when H&R Block’s Electronic Filing Services are
permitted to be offered by Franchisee under the terms of the Franchise Agreement and only at Approved
Locations.

Franchisee further agrees and acknowledges that all Client Data recorded and transmitted by Franchisee using
the Program and System will be transmitted to an H&R Block server where H&R Block will maintain it
electronically under its retention policy. H&R Block will use this electronically-stored Client Data to populate
certain fields in the tax preparation software when the client returns to H&R Block or an H&R Block franchise
in future years.

5.       Conditions Precedent. This Agreement and the respective rights and obligations of the Parties
regarding the Program and System during the Term are expressly conditioned upon (a) H&R Block’s
acceptance to participate in the IRS’s Electronic Filing Services for the Tax Season (the period from the first
weekday after January 1 through the last date individual federal income tax returns for the preceding year may
be filed without an extension of time or incurring any penalty for late filing); (b) Franchisee’s being accepted
by the IRS to participate in Electronic Filing Services for the Tax Season; and (c) Franchisee’s satisfactory
completion of training in the use and operation of the Program and System as determined by H&R Block in its
sole discretion.

6.      Integration with Franchise Agreement. Any services performed using the Program and System,
Electronic Filing Services or Authorized Services (collectively, “Services”), and all provisions in each separate
Franchise Agreement under which the Services are conducted, will pertain to the Program and System or
Electronic Filing Services. Any provision in this Agreement pertaining to the Program and System or
Electronic Filing Services that differs from any related provision of the Franchise Agreement pertaining to
Services, will constitute an amendment to the Franchise Agreement solely with respect to the Program and
System or Electronic Filing Services. Franchisee’s material and substantial breach of the terms of this
Agreement will entitle H&R Block, in addition to all other remedies for the breach provided in this Agreement,
to terminate each separate Franchise Agreement to which the breach relates according to its terms.
                                                              2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                    Exhibit I-1
                                                        5
