        Section 8.4 EFS's and its Affiliates' Right to Collect, Access, Use, and Disclose Program
Information. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Franchise Distribution Agreement,
during and after the Term, EFS and its Affiliates may collect, access, use and disclose Program
Information to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, regardless of who owns the Program
Information or whether it is otherwise considered Confidential Information, so long as the use and
disclosure of such information does not involve the sale of Program Customer Data to any third
party in a manner that would impose additional state law data privacy obligations on Pathward
above and beyond what is required by the GLBA.

       Section 8.5 Restrictions on Pathward's Use and Disclosure of Program Information.
Notwithstanding any other rights it may have at law or by contract relating to the use or disclosure
of Program Information, during and after the Term, Pathward will not collect, access, use or
disclose Program Information except as specifically permitted in the PMA.

       Section 8.6 Restrictions on Franchisee's Use and Disclosure of Program Information.
Notwithstanding any other rights it may have at law or by contract relating to the use or disclosure
of Program Information, during and after the Term, Franchisee will not collect, access, use or
disclose Program Information for any purpose except:

              (a)    to perform its obligations or enforce its rights with respect to this Franchise
       Distribution Agreement;

              (b)    to respond to a valid subpoena, order or written request from a
       Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Franchisee for Confidential Information
       or Program Information;

               (c)     as required by any Applicable Law; or

               (d)     with the prior written consent of EFS.

       Section 8.7 Privacy. Each Party will comply with Applicable Law relating to the use
and disclosure of Program Customer Data and Prospect Data, including the applicable terms and
provisions of GLBA and the Code, including honoring any consumer opt-outs of sharing as
required by Applicable Law. In all cases, the delivery of HRB Customer information by EFS or
Franchisee is subject to receipt of any consents or authorizations from the HRB Customer required
by Applicable Law.

       Section 8.8     Data Security.

               (a)     Pathward and EFS. The rights and obligations of Pathward and EFS with
       respect to data security are set forth in Article 11 (Privacy and Data Security) of the PMA.

               (b)    Protection of Program Customer Data. Franchisee will establish,
       implement and maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to
       ensure the security, confidentiality, and integrity of all Program Customer Data and
       Prospect Data within its possession. Franchisee will use the same degree of care in
       protecting Program Customer Data and Prospect Data against unauthorized disclosure as
       it accords to its own confidential customer information, but in no event less than a
                                                 22
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
