                                                                                       Admin. ID _________

                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                      FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR ILLINOIS

In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, 815 ILCS §§ 705/1
through 705/44 (the “Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”), for
use in the State of Illinois, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. If the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, the
provisions are hereby amended as follows:

       1.1      Termination and Renewal. Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise
agreement are set forth in section 19 and 20 of the Act.

        1.2     Jurisdiction and Venue.

1.2.1 Section 4 of the Act provides that any provision in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction
or venue outside the State of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration
outside of Illinois.

         1.3      Waiver. Section 41 of the Act provides that any condition, stipulation, or provision
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Act or any other law
of Illinois void.

        1.4      Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to
by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.




                                                    B-6
                                                                            2025 Illinois State Amendment to the FLA
                                                                                                            Exhibit B
