REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of H&R Block, Inc.


Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of H&R Block, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on
criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 15, 2025, expressed an unqualified
opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate.



                                                                                    H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K   35
