Rate (Prime & Spread%] ,adjusted monthly (the “Loan Interest Rate”). The Loan Interest Rate will not
exceed the highest rate permitted by applicable law.

         (b)      Interest on the unpaid amount of Draws outstanding shall be calculated from the
Effective Date through to the date in which all amounts due under this STL are paid in full.

         (c)       Any change in the Loan Interest Rate derived from a change in the Prime Rate shall take
effect on the first day of each calendar month beginning after the calendar month upon which the changed
Prime Rate is based. If the Wall Street Journal ceases publication or ceases to report such a Prime Rate,
then Franchise Partner shall, in its sole, reasonable discretion, select a comparable publication or other
benchmark to determine the Prime Rate and provide notice thereof to us.

4. Fees.

        (a)      A one-time, non-refundable fee of $200 shall be earned by Franchise Partner when this
Agreement for the STL has been executed (the “Administration Fee”). Franchise Partner will automatically
assess the Administration Fee on the first billing cycle after our STL is approved. For example, if our STL
is approved on September 1, the Administration Fee will be assessed on September 5; if your STL is
approved on October 15, the Administration Fee will be assessed on November 5. You will have until the
Maturity Date to pay the Administration Fee.

        (b)    If any check tendered by us to Franchise Partner or ACH transfer made by us to
Franchise Partner is dishonored for a reason not caused by Franchise Partner, we agree to pay to
Franchise Partner a “NSF Fee” of $15.00 for each check or ACH transfer that is dishonored.

         (c)      We agree that if the balance is not paid in full by five (5) calendar days past the maturity
date, we will incur an additional 2% penalty on our total outstanding balance. For example, if the maturity
date is April 30th, any outstanding balance as of May 6th will be charged a late penalty of 2%.

5. Manner of Borrowing.

        (a)      We may make Draws by a completed and signed request for such Draw to Franchise
Partner from time to time, in form and substance acceptable to Franchise Partner, in Franchise Partner’s
sole and absolute discretion or by other methods established by Franchise Partner from time to time up
to and not to exceed the Loan Amount. We acknowledge that all Draw requests must be submitted on or
before March 31, 2026 and that any Draw requests submitted after that date will not be processed.

        (b)     If our Franchise Business operates in Ohio or California, we agree that each Draw
must be greater than five thousand dollars ($5,000.00) unless the remaining undrawn portion of
the Loan Amount is less than five thousand dollars ($5,000.00), in which case the remaining
undrawn portion of the Loan Amount can be drawn. If our Franchise Business operates in
Georgia, we agree that each draw must be greater than three thousand dollars ($3,000.00) unless
the remaining undrawn portion of the Loan Amount is less than or equal to three thousand dollars
($3,000.00), in which case the remaining undrawn portion of the Loan Amount can be drawn.

       (c)     We acknowledge Franchise Partner may, without liability to us, reject, cancel or delay in
processing any Draw or an order therefor if Franchise Partner:

                 (i)     is prohibited from accepting the order or processing the Draw by an order of any
        court or other applicable law, or

                (ii)    determines, in good faith, that the Draw would cause the unpaid amount of Draws
        outstanding to exceed the Loan Amount of our STL, or

                 (iii)   determines, in good faith, an Event of Default under this Agreement has occurred
        as of the date of the order or processing.




                                                  3
