Currently, we have no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. Other than as described below, we provide
no material benefits to you based on your purchase of required products or services or use of designated or
approved suppliers.

None of our officers have an equity interest in an approved supplier of products or services.

Furniture, Fixtures, Computer Hardware, and Software:

As our tax preparation and processing software programs become more sophisticated, it may be necessary
to upgrade or supplement hardware and related items. You must upgrade your computers, modems, and
printers, and purchase any additional equipment or software that we specify to accommodate our software,
or to improve the overall effectiveness and competitiveness of your Franchised Business.

The standards and specifications for furniture, fixtures, other equipment, methods, systems, and computers,
including tax preparation software, required to be used in the operation of your Franchised Business are
also provided in the Manual, which may refer to particular brands and models. You must furnish and
maintain your Franchised Business with furniture and equipment, including desks, chairs, computers,
printers, and scanners suitable for the operation of the Franchised Business that comply with our standards
and specifications. We require an office module system and some computer equipment to be purchased
from an approved supplier. For other computer equipment (such as servers, routers, and other required
hardware), you may purchase through suppliers approved by us.

You are required to use only the methods and systems we authorize and approve for use. Your use of any
other methods or systems, including the use of any other tax preparation software, in the operation of your
Franchised Business without our permission is strictly prohibited. If we determine that your office is not
compliant with our office standards and specifications set forth in the Manual, we may require you to
upgrade your fixtures, furniture, computers, and other equipment. There are no contractual limits on how
much upgrades may cost to comply with our then-current standards and specifications.

Products and Services:

You may only offer or sell our products and services according to the terms that we specify in the Manual
or through other written communication. You must use our sources to offer or sell the following described
products and services.

Our affiliate, Emerald Financial Services, LLC, provides program management services related to certain
financial products and services provided pursuant to a PMA with one or more of our approved banking
partners. These financial products and services include: the H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard®,
RTs, RAs, Spruce Accounts, and the H&R Block Emerald Advance Loan. You are required to annually
accept the Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement (“FDA”) between you, Emerald Financial
Services, LLC, and our approved banking partner. The specific FDA may vary based on the then-current
approved banking partner and will be in substantially similar form to the agreement attached as Exhibit I-3
to this disclosure document. The FDA governs your conduct when you, your employees, or contractors
offer these financial products or services; and you must accept the then-current FDA electronically as we
direct before offering the financial products and services. You are not permitted to offer or facilitate any
financial products and services through a bank or any other financial services provider other than our
approved banking partner, unless authorized by us in writing.

The Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan (“POM”) is a Required Service that you must offer to taxpayer
clients. POM is a service warranty on your tax preparation services and provides Tax Notice Services in
all instances of an audit of the taxpayer client and reimbursement of up to $6,000 for additional tax


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                     15
