                                              SHORT-TERM LOAN

                                   CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT



 Borrowers: [Name(s) of approved applicants]
 Date: [Today’s Date]
 Maturity Date: [Determined by application/UW review]
 Term Loan Amount: [$Requested Borrowing Amount from loan terms and
 conditions]



        IN CONSIDERATION of credit extended to us by Franchise Partner, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(“Franchise Partner”), pursuant to this Short-Term Loan Credit and Security Agreement (“STL”), we hereby agree
with Franchise Partner as follows:


          1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

          “Account” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of the date
hereof.

          “Administration Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement.

          “Agreement” means this Short-Term Loan Credit and Security Agreement.

        “Approved Location” means the premises within the Borrower’s franchise territory, granted under an FLA
to establish an office or other outlet from which to conduct the Franchised Business.

      “Credit Documents” means this Agreement, the Promissory Note, the Transaction Summary and all other
documents signed by us or any other party to create or evidence security for our obligations under this Agreement.

          “Collateral” has the meaning set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement.

          “Draw” means a borrowing by us against our STL.

          “Effective Date” shall mean the date written on the signature page to this Agreement.

          “Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

          “FLA” means a Franchise License Agreement between a franchisee and H&R Block Tax Services, or any
of its affiliates.

        “Franchise Business” means a retail tax preparation business operated by a franchisee of H&R Block Tax
Services, or any of its affiliates, pursuant to one or more FLAs.

        “General Intangibles” has the meaning set forth in the Missouri Uniform Commercial Code in effect as of
the date hereof.

       “HRB Innovations” means H&R Block Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of
business in Nevada. HRB Innovations is an affiliate of Franchise Partner.

          “H&R Block Tax Services” means H&R Block Tax Services LLC, a Missouri limited liability company and
affiliate of Franchise Partner.
