        Section 5.4 No Defaults. Franchisee is not in default with respect to any contract,
agreement, lease, or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, except for
defaults which would not have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Franchisee, and
Franchisee has not received any notice of default under any contract, agreement, lease or other
instrument which default or notice of default would materially and adversely affect the
performance by Franchisee of its obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

         Section 5.5 Books and Records. Franchisee will maintain records, files and books of
account relating to Franchisee's activities in connection with the Program, including records
provided to Pathward regarding Account activities. Such records shall be maintained for a period
that is no less than five (5) years. All of Franchisee's records, files and books of account relating
to the Program, including records provided to Pathward regarding Account activities, are in all
material respects complete and correct and are maintained in accordance with Applicable Law.

        Section 5.6 No Litigation. As of the date of this Franchise Distribution Agreement, no
action, claim or any litigation, proceeding, investigation, regulatory inquiry or arbitration is
pending, nor to the knowledge of Franchisee, has been threatened in writing against Franchisee, at
law, in equity or otherwise, before any court, board, commission, agency or instrumentality of any
federal, state, or local government or of any agency or subdivision thereof or before any arbitrator
or panel of arbitrators, to which Franchisee is a party, which, if adversely determined, would have
a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Franchisee, the Program or other transactions
contemplated by this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

        Section 5.7 Financial Capacity. Franchisee has the financial capacity to perform its
obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PATHWARD

       Pathward makes the following representations and warranties to Franchisee, each and all
of which will survive the execution and delivery of this Franchise Distribution Agreement, and
each and all of which will be deemed to be made as of the date of this Franchise Distribution
Agreement and restated and remade on each day of the Term (except as otherwise stated):

        Section 6.1 Corporate Existence. Pathward (i) is a national bank duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the United States, and (ii) has all necessary
licenses, permits, consents or approvals from or by, and has made all necessary notices to, all
Governmental Authorities, to the extent required for Pathward's business, and for the performance
of its obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement. Pathward is not subject to any
regulatory enforcement action or formal investigation.

        Section 6.2 Capacity; Authorization; Validity. Pathward has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and enter into this Franchise Distribution Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Franchise Distribution Agreement. The execution and delivery
of this Franchise Distribution Agreement by Pathward, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized and approved by all
necessary corporate action of Pathward. This Franchise Distribution Agreement (i) has been duly
executed and delivered by Pathward, (ii) constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of
                                                 18
                                                            2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                           Exhibit I-3
