                                  FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
A Missouri limited liability company
One H&R Block Way
Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Phone: 816-854-3000
www.hrblock.com




As an H&R BLOCK® franchisee, you will operate a tax return preparation business and may have the right
to offer related products and services, bookkeeping, payroll services, and training.

The total investment necessary to begin operation of an H&R Block franchise in a new territory range from
$34,080 to $158,750. This includes $15,200 to $23,150 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliates.
For offers that include the purchase of an existing office, the total investment will vary depending on the
value of the particular office purchased. This investment includes an initial franchise fee for each H&R
Block franchise of $2,500 that must be paid to the franchisor.

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other information
in plain English. Undefined capitalized terms used in this disclosure document have the meaning assigned
to them in the Franchise License Agreement attached as Exhibit F-1. Read this disclosure document and
all accompanying agreements carefully. You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar
days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in
connection with the proposed franchise sale or grant. Note, however, that no government agency has
verified the information contained in this document.

The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Do not rely on the disclosure document
alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your contract and this
disclosure document to an advisor, such as a lawyer or accountant.

Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help you
make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a
Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the
Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. You can also visit the FTC’s home page at
www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources
of information on franchising.

There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.

Issuance Date: September 30, 2025




2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD
