       "Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12 (Dispute Resolution).

       "Effective Date" means the date the Franchisee electronically executes the Franchise
Distribution Agreement.

       "E-file Open Date" means the date for each Tax Season on which the IRS opens the e-file
system to accept electronically filed tax returns.

       "EFIN" means Electronic Filing Identification Number.

        "EFS" means Emerald Financial Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and
its successors and assigns.

       "EFS Service Provider" means a third-party service provider used by EFS in connection
with the performance of its obligations under the PMA and the Program; provided, however, that
regardless of whether they provide services to EFS, each of Pathward, the Pathward Service
Providers, and the Franchisee are not EFS Service Providers.

     "Emerald Advance Loan" means a term loan offered by Pathward during November and
December (or other promotional periods agreed to by Pathward and EFS) under the Program.

       "Emerald Card" means the H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard®, a reloadable,
general-purpose debit card associated with a Cardholder Account offered by Pathward to HRB
Customers under the Program.

       "Financial Products" means Emerald Card, Refund Transfer, Emerald Advance Loan,
Refund Advance, Spruce Accounts and other financial products issued or originated by Pathward
pursuant to the PMA, but for purposes of this Franchise Distribution Agreement does not include
Emerald Advance Loan and/or Refund Advance if Franchisee does not elect to offer such
product(s).

        "Force Majeure Event" means an event or events arising from any cause or causes beyond
reasonable control of the Party that is unable to perform its obligations hereunder because of such
event or events, including acts of God, third-party cyber, information technology or network
attacks, fire, floods, storms, explosions, accidents, epidemics, war, civil disorder, strikes,
terrorism, nuclear or biological disaster, riot or any other similar event or cause not reasonably
within such Party's control, whether or not specifically mentioned herein.

       "Franchise Distribution Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

       "Franchise License Agreement" means the franchise license agreement entered into by
the Franchisee and HRB Tax Services (or its Affiliate) as franchisor, allowing the Franchisee to
operate as a franchisee within the H&R Block franchise system.

        "Franchise Location" means any H&R Block-branded physical retail tax preparation
office doing business with the public that is using BlockWorks software and is owned or operated
by the Franchisee.


                                                 4
                                                           2026 Franchise Financial Products Distribution Agreement
                                                                                                          Exhibit I-3
