We may offer an assisted acquisition program to existing franchisees that we determine in our sole
discretion to be qualified. Under the assisted acquisition program, we provide financial assistance to
franchisees that purchase existing, independent tax return businesses.

Your Franchised Business will prepare federal, state, and local tax returns, principally during the period
from the first weekday after January 1 through April 15 (or the last date on which individual federal income
tax returns may be filed without receiving an extension of time or incurring any penalty for late filing) of
each year (“Tax Season”). In addition, Preseason hours will be required.

You and your tax professionals will prepare tax returns and schedules based on information supplied by the
taxpayer, sign the returns as tax preparers in the manner required by law, provide the tax returns to the
taxpayer for signature and payment of any taxes due, and e-file tax returns for taxpayers when applicable.

You will be required to guarantee that the tax returns that you and your employees prepare are prepared
correctly, based on the information the taxpayer provided. If you or your employees make an error in the
preparation of a tax return, you must pay any penalties and interest on additional taxes assessed against the
taxpayer solely by reason of that error. If a return is audited, you are (if requested by the taxpayer) required
to provide Tax Notice Services to the taxpayer.

You are also required to offer electronic filing of income tax returns and may offer other products and
services that may or may not be related to tax preparation that we specify in the Policy and Procedure
Manual (“Manual”) or otherwise require you to offer. Currently, you must offer the following products
and services: electronic filing of income tax returns, MyBlock, Approve Online, Emerald Card, facilitating
Refund Transfers, Spruce Accounts, the H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Master Card®, H&R Block Emerald
Advance Loan , Peace of Mind®, Tax Companion Application, Tax Identity Shield®, H&R Block
Guarantees, Tax Notice Services using our Tax Resolution System, Second Look® Review, and Video
Appointments (requires minimum video bandwidth of 5Mbps upload/download).

We continually look for opportunities to provide our clients with new products and services and, if
developed, we may require franchisees to offer these products or services to clients.

In addition to preparing income tax returns, you may (but will not be required to) hold instructional courses
to train others in the preparation of income tax returns. Courses are typically conducted in the months of
September, October, and November for people who desire to learn how to prepare their own income tax
returns or who wish to prepare income tax returns for others.

You may be authorized to offer optional services (“Optional Services”) from your Franchised Business in
our sole discretion. These Optional Services may include the H&R Block Emerald Advance and Refund
Advance (“RA”), an interest-free loan repaid from a client’s tax refund. You may be responsible for a
portion of the cost associated with the RA loan and may be required to sign an agreement with the entity
that is offering the product or service.

H&R Block Small Business services is another one of our Optional Services. If H&R Block authorizes
you to participate in this program, you must sign an Addendum to the Franchise License Agreement H&R
Block Small Business – Standard to offer the services, which is attached as Exhibit F-2 to this disclosure
document. Participating Franchisees are authorized to offer bookkeeping, payroll, non-attest, and non-audit
general accounting services as part of the Franchised Business.




2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                        4
