ITEM 1             THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND
                   AFFILIATES

The Franchisor

H&R Block Tax Services LLC, a Missouri limited liability company, organized in the State of Missouri, is
the franchisor in all states in which franchises are granted. All business is conducted under the name of
H&R BLOCK® (“H&R Block”).

H&R Block Tax Services LLC is referred to as “we,” “us”, or “our” in this disclosure document. We
maintain our principal place of business at One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105.

State administrators and agents for service of process are listed in Exhibit A.

Since July 1, 2008, we have offered franchise licenses to operate offices that offer income tax return
preparation, related products and services, bookkeeping, payroll services, and training (the “Franchised
Business”). Our affiliates own and operate businesses that offer the same products and services as the
Franchised Business under the name of H&R Block. Your direct competition from national and local
businesses that offer tax return preparation, bookkeeping, payroll services, and training will include our
affiliates (see Item 12 Territory).

Our Predecessors and Affiliates

We are an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of H&R Block, Inc., a Missouri corporation (“Parent”).

Our Parent developed and subsequently assigned to us a distinctive system for the establishment and
operation of tax return preparation businesses and performance of related services (“System”). The
distinguishing characteristics of the System include distinctive exterior and interior design; proprietary
processes, methods, and software; standards, specifications, and procedures for operations; procedures for
management control, training, and assistance; and advertising and promotional programs. The System may
be changed, improved, and further developed by us.

The System is identified by certain trade names, service marks, trademarks, and logos, including the mark
H&R BLOCK® or any mark designated by us, for use with the System (“Proprietary Marks”).

Our Parent was incorporated in Missouri on July 27, 1955, and maintains its principal place of business at
One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105. Our Parent conducts business through its affiliates
under the names of H&R BLOCK and BLOCK ADVISORS®.

From 1955 through 1993, our Parent (directly or through wholly owned subsidiaries) operated, and from
1957 through 1993 franchised others to operate, offices (sometimes referred to as “outlets”) engaged in the
preparation of federal, state, and local tax returns. In 1965 our Parent decided to grant franchises for smaller
communities, generally with populations of 15,000 or less. Before 1965 our Parent granted franchises,
known as “major franchises,” for larger areas, typically one or more counties or all or part of a state, and
allowed those franchisees to grant franchises of their own within their areas. Affiliates of our Parent
reacquired our only remaining major franchisee on November 3, 2008, and nearly all of their sub-
franchisees became our direct franchises. Major franchise agreements are no longer offered. In 1993 our
Parent established our predecessor, H&R Block Tax Services, Inc., to handle its franchise operations and
assigned to it the assets and goodwill of its Tax Operations division. Our predecessor granted franchises
from March 31, 1993, through June 30, 2008. On July 1, 2008, our predecessor transferred its assets and
goodwill, including all franchise agreements, to us by a merger.


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                        1
