connection with the Program and System without the prior written consent of H&R Block. Franchisee must
not publish or release any communication relating to the Program and System that infers:

               (A)      a special relationship between (1) the IRS, the Financial Management Service, or the
        Department of the Treasury, and (2) the Parties or any other person or entity, or

                (B)      the endorsement of the Program and System, H&R Block’s Services, or Franchisee’s
        Services by the IRS, the Financial Management Service, or the Department of the Treasury.

         8.2    Communications must Comply with IRS Requirements. All communications relating to
the Program and System must comply with current IRS Revenue Procedures, IRS announcements, or
publications containing the obligations of participants in the use of and specifications for Electronic Filing
Services (“Specifications”) and any other rules, regulations, or restrictions issued by the IRS.

9.       Items to be Furnished by H&R Block. Provided Franchisee has satisfactorily completed training as
provided by H&R Block under Section 10 below, H&R Block will provide to Franchisee during the Term of
this Agreement, one copy of the Program and System for each separate Approved Location in a format
prescribed by H&R Block. H&R Block will provide Franchisee with any modifications or enhancements to
the Program and System in H&R Block’s sole discretion. H&R Block may update the Program and System
periodically throughout the year, and you are required to follow all relevant instructions to update your
computer system accordingly. The Program and System will be used exclusively with computers to enter and
correct income tax return information and Client Data into the Program and System for performing Electronic
Filing Services for clients and transmitting Client Data to any telecommunications business used by H&R
Block (“Telecommunication Services”).

Telecommunication Services includes services provided to H&R Block by its vendor that facilitates payment
processing for credit card transactions originating from clients served by Franchisee for the online payment of
Franchisee’s tax preparation and related services. Franchisee acknowledges that funds for payments processed
in this manner will be submitted by H&R Block’s vendor directly to H&R Block for further remittance to
Franchisee in accordance with the Franchise Agreement.

10.      Training and Support. During the Term of this Agreement, H&R Block will provide Franchisee
with training in the use and operation of the Program and System, and the technical and software support that
H&R Block determines is necessary. The training will be conducted only on the dates and at the times and
locations to the maximum number of Franchisee’s employees (including Franchisee, if an individual) that H&R
Block determines. All expenses associated with attending the training will be borne by Franchisee. Subject to
the limitations set forth in Sections 11 and 12 below, H&R Block will provide Franchisee with technical and
software support during hours to be specified by H&R Block by telephone or electronic mail to designated
representatives of Franchisee and may remotely access Franchisee’s computer for purposes of providing
technical and software support. H&R Block will have no obligation to provide to Franchisee any other type of
support.

11.     Software for State Returns. At H&R Block’s sole discretion, the Program and System may include
software for the preparation of state income tax returns (“State Software”). H&R Block makes no
representation or guarantee to Franchisee that the State Software will be included in the Program and System
during the Term of this Agreement and H&R Block will have no obligation to provide State Software training
or program support.

12.     Restrictions on Use of Proprietary Material.

        12.1     Restrictions. Unless expressly authorized in this Agreement, Franchisee:
                                                           2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                 Exhibit I-1
                                                      7
