                                                                                       Admin. ID _________


                     AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                  FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR NORTH DAKOTA

In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent. Code, §§ 51-
19-01 – 51-19-17 (the “Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement (“FLA”),
for use in the State of North Dakota, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. If the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, the
provisions are hereby amended as follows:

1.1    Termination. Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or expiration of
the FLA are enforceable only under certain conditions according to North Dakota law. If the FLA contains
a covenant not to compete that is inconsistent with the Act, the covenant may be unenforceable.

        1.1.1 Liquidated Damages. Any requirement that a franchisee consent to termination or
liquidated damages may not be enforceable under the Act.

1.2     Jurisdiction, Venue, and Choice of Law. To the extent governed by North Dakota state law, any
provision in the FLA that designates a choice of law, jurisdiction, or venue in a forum outside the State of
North Dakota may be unenforceable.

1.3     Damages. The waiver of punitive or exemplary damages may not be enforceable under the Act.

1.4      Litigation Limitations. The waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under the Act. Any
limitation of claims that is inconsistent with the Act may be unenforceable.

        1.4.1 Expenses. The FLA stipulates that the franchisee shall pay all costs and expenses incurred
by Franchisor in enforcing the agreement. For North Dakota franchisees, the prevailing party is entitled to
recover all costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.

4.       Effect on FLA. Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that the Act
applies independently and without reference to this Amendment.




                                                   B-19
                                                                       2025 North Dakota State Amendment to the FLA
                                                                                                          Exhibit B
