lien instrument (other than which may be filed on behalf of Franchise Partner) covering any portion of the
Collateral is now on file in any public office.

        (c)      Our principal place of business and residence are provided in the application.

         (d)     The financial statements and other information furnished by, or on behalf of, us for
purposes of obtaining credit, are complete and correct and fairly present our financial condition as of the
dates referred to therein, and the results of our operations for the periods then ended, all in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. Since the date thereof, there
has been no material change in our property, financial condition, or business operations. No information
furnished by us to Franchise Partner in connection with the negotiation, execution, or future performance
of this Agreement, contains any false or misleading information or misstatement of any facts.

10. Covenants. We agree that:

         (a)      We will execute and deliver financing statements and any other documents necessary
and take all other actions as requested by Franchise Partner to establish and maintain a first priority
security interest in the Collateral and to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement.

        (b)      We will not create or permit to exist any other lien on, or encumbrance against, the
Collateral.

          (c)      We will reimburse Franchise Partner for all expenses, including attorney’s fees and legal
expenses, incurred by Franchise Partner in seeking to collect or enforce the Obligations or to enforce any
rights under this Agreement. We agree all such expenses will be due and part of the Obligations whether
or not litigation is commenced.

        (d)      We will furnish to Franchise Partner such information relating to us, our account debtors
and the Collateral as Franchise Partner or its agents may request, and permit Franchise Partner or its
agents to visit any place where any Collateral (including, but not limited to, books and records) may be
kept, and to audit, copy and make extracts therefrom, and will deliver any such books and records to
Franchise Partner or its agents upon request, and will mark or stamp its records to show Franchise
Partner’s security interest upon request. Franchise Partner or its agents are expressly authorized to verify
the accuracy of such books and records by any method Franchise Partner or its agents deem appropriate,
including, but not limited to, direct contact with any and all account debtors. All of the foregoing may be
accomplished as often as Franchise Partner deems appropriate.

         (e)    We will keep all of the Collateral at the locations set forth in the application and the books
and records pertaining to the Collateral and maintain our chief executive office and chief place of business
at the address set forth in the application, and shall not store any Collateral in any other places, move the
books and records, nor change the location of our chief executive office and chief place of business
without obtaining Franchise Partner’s prior written consent.

        (f)      We will not sell, assign or transfer, any part or all of the Collateral.

       (g)     We will notify Franchise Partner at least thirty (30) days before we: (i) make changes to
our name, trade name or name under which we do business; or (ii) make use of any new or additional
names.

        (h)       Franchise Partner is expressly authorized to endorse, in our names, any item that may
come into Franchise Partner’s possession in any manner, representing any payment on, or other
proceeds of, the Collateral, and to apply the proceeds of the Collateral to our Obligations in any manner
Franchise Partner determines. We hereby waive demand, presentment, notice of dishonor and all other
notices with respect thereto, and this authorization will be deemed a power coupled with an interest, and
irrevocable until all Obligations are paid in full.

11. Financial Information. Upon request, we will promptly deliver to Franchise Partner:




                                                   6
