franchisee. Neither party has any right or authority to incur any expense or liability on behalf of the other party
without the other party’s prior written consent. Neither party will be liable to a third party for debts incurred
by the other party.

26.      Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all notices must be in writing
and are sufficiently given on the date delivered by hand, facsimile, email, or other electronic system; or on
the date mailed postage prepaid by certified or registered mail; or deposited with reputable air courier
service requesting next day or earliest delivery date available addressed as follows or to any other address,
email address, or facsimile number that may be designated by either party to the other within the Program
and System:

To Franchisor:

H&R Block Tax Services LLC
General Counsel
One H&R Block Way
Kansas City, MO 64105

To Franchisee:

Address referenced in the Franchise Agreement or as otherwise updated and maintained in the Program and
System.

Notice to Franchisee is effective by any means described above to the address or number on record in the
Program and System on the date of attempted delivery regardless of Franchisee’s failure to provide an
accurate address or refusal to sign for or accept any notice.

27.      Integration and Amendments. This Agreement, any signed amendments or addenda hereto, and the
related provisions of any separate Franchise Agreement express fully the agreement of the Parties to this
Agreement regarding Franchisee’s use of the Program and System, and all prior understandings or
commitments of any kind, whether oral or written, concerning any matter covered by this Agreement are hereby
superseded and canceled with no further liabilities or obligations of the Parties except as to: (a) any monies
due and unpaid between the Parties at the time of the execution of this Agreement, and (b) any liabilities or
obligations that survive the termination of any prior Franchise Electronic Filing Agreement or Franchise
Agreement between the Parties by the express terms of the prior agreement. Except as provided otherwise, this
Agreement may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement signed by both Parties.

28.     Partial Invalidity. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal, or incapable
of being enforced by reason of any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

29.      Waiver. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement is valid unless it is in writing and
signed by the party to be bound. No waiver of any term or condition regarding any act or event will be a waiver
of any term or condition with respect to any subsequent act or event.

30.     Applicable Law. This Agreement will be construed according to the laws of the state to which the
choice of law provision of the Franchise Agreement applies.

31.     Binding Effect; Assignability. This Agreement is binding upon the Parties and their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and legal representatives; provided, however, that this


                                                              2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                    Exhibit I-1
                                                        12
