property rights in the Developments to us; and you will execute assignments and perform all other actions
reasonably necessary to achieve this result.

ITEM 15            OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
                   FRANCHISE BUSINESS

During the term of the FLA, you are obligated to operate the Franchised Business during certain hours of
the Tax Season and during certain hours of the Preseason to maintain the highest degree of competitiveness
in your regional market. We require you to dedicate your full-time best efforts to the Franchised Business.
This does not require you to be physically present in the office during all business hours. But you need to
have qualified employees and staff to assist you in operating the Franchised Business. You or your
“Principal” (if the Franchisee is a business entity) and any other owner or manager that has day-to-day
responsibility for the oversight of the Franchised Business, must attend and complete, to our satisfaction,
our Initial Training program. You must provide sufficient supervision to ensure the accurate preparation
of tax returns and compliance with your FLA obligations, our procedures, and applicable laws and
regulations.

ITEM 16            RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You must offer or sell only those services and products that we have expressly approved in writing. You
may not deviate from H&R Block’s standards and specifications without our prior written consent and must
discontinue offering or selling any services or products that we may, in our discretion, disapprove in writing
at any time. We have the right to change Authorized Services (which include both Required Services and
Optional Services) and products at any time without restriction. To the extent allowed by applicable law,
we may but do not currently specify the minimum, maximum, and other prices for any products or services
that you may offer or sell.

You must operate the Franchised Business in strict conformity with your FLA and the Manual and all
applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations. These laws, ordinances, and
regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, may be periodically amended, and may be interpreted in
a different manner. It is your sole responsibility to stay current with the Manual and with all laws,
ordinances, and regulations applicable to the Franchised Business and to adhere to them.

Except as otherwise described in the FLA, if you are in compliance with your FLA, H&R Block will not
operate or license another person to operate a Network Office in your Franchise Territory during the term
of your FLA. H&R Block retains all rights not expressly granted in your FLA. H&R Block, its affiliates,
and our respective franchisees and licensees may operate businesses other than Network Offices in your
Franchise Territory. Without obligation to Franchisee, H&R Block, its affiliates, and their respective
franchisees and licensees may, among other things, offer or sell or license others to offer or sell the
following:

(A)     Any products or services (including Authorized Services) under any names or marks, including the
Licensed Marks, over the internet or by other electronic methods of distribution (including, but not limited
to mobile applications) to clients within and outside your Franchise Territory, regardless of proximity to or
economic impact upon your Franchised Business;

(B)    Any products or services other than Authorized Services under any names or marks, including the
Licensed Marks, to clients within and outside your Franchise Territory, regardless of proximity to or
economic impact upon your Franchised Business;




2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                      33
