         H&R Block will have 30 days from the date that all of the conditions set forth above have been
satisfied and the request for Transfer and all related documents and information have been received at H&R
Block’s office to which notices are to be sent under this Agreement to approve or disapprove the proposed
Transfer. Except as described in Section 18.1(F) of this Agreement, if H&R Block approves the proposed
Transfer, the Transfer will become effective upon the written approval of H&R Block. If H&R Block
disapproves the proposed Transfer, H&R Block will give Franchisee written notice of the reason or reasons
for the disapproval within the 30-day period.

        If a Transfer is of the transferor’s entire interest in this Agreement or Franchisee, the transferor will
personally comply with all of the post-termination restrictions set out in Section 12.2 of this Agreement
with the 2-year period described in Section 12.2(B) of this Agreement to run from the date the Transfer
becomes effective.

        Franchisee’s interest in this Agreement may be mortgaged or pledged without H&R Block’s
approval, provided no Transfer of Franchisee’s interest on the foreclosure of the mortgage or pledge is
effective until all of the requirements set forth in Section 18 of this Agreement have been satisfied. No
mortgage or pledge will limit H&R Block’s right to terminate this Agreement according to its terms.

         18.2  Transfers Not Subject to Approval of H&R Block. The requirements of Section 18.1
of this Agreement will not apply to the following:

               (A)    An assignment of this Agreement from a Franchisee, if an individual, to an entity
        wholly owned by Franchisee;

                 (B)     An assignment of this Agreement from a Franchise, if an entity, to an entity whose
        ownership will be apportioned substantially the same as that of the Franchisee and that does not
        result in a change in the Controlling Interest; or

                (C)     A change in the Equity Interest in Franchisee among the existing equity
        holders that does not result in a change in the Controlling Interest of Franchisee.

         Franchisee will notify H&R Block in writing at the time of the assignment or change in Equity
Interest, deliver to H&R Block the documentation and information concerning the assignment or change in
Equity Interest that H&R Block may request, and sign any documents required by H&R Block regarding
the assignment or change in Equity Interest.

         18.3    Public Offerings. Securities in Franchisee may be offered only with the prior written
approval of H&R Block, which will not be unreasonably withheld. H&R Block’s approval will be subject
to the following:

               (A)      That all registration materials required for the offering by federal or state law have
        been submitted to H&R Block for review prior to being filed with any government agency;

                (B)      That no offering material (for either a public or private offering) will express or
        imply (by use of the Licensed Marks or otherwise) that H&R Block is participating in an
        underwriting, issuance, or public offering of Franchisee or H&R Block securities. H&R Block
        may, at its option, require the offering materials to contain a written statement prescribed by H&R
        Block concerning the limitations described in the preceding sentence;

                 (C)    That Franchisee and the other participants in the registration and offering have
        fully indemnified H&R Block in connection with the offering;

                                                       28
                                                             2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                              Exhibit F-1
