Our Parent unconditionally guarantees our performance. This Guarantee of Performance is attached to this
disclosure document as Exhibit C.

On March 31, 1993, our Parent assigned to HRB Innovations, Inc. (formerly HRB Royalty, Inc.), our
affiliate, the Proprietary Marks used in the System. The principal place of business for HRB Innovations,
Inc., is 1301 Main Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64105. HRB Innovations, Inc., was incorporated in
Delaware on February 10, 1993. Under a license agreement dated April 1, 1993 (the “License Agreement”),
HRB Innovations, Inc., has licensed us to use and to license others to use the Proprietary Marks.

Our affiliate, Emerald Financial Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with a principal place
of business at One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, provides program management services
related to certain financial products and services pursuant to a program management agreement (“PMA”)
with one or more approved banking partners, which products you may offer to clients served by your
Franchised Business. These products may include the H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard®, Refund
Transfers (“RTs”), Refund Advances (“RAs”), Spruce Accounts, and the H&R Block Emerald Advance
Loan.

Our affiliate, Franchise Partner, Inc. (“FPI”), a Nevada corporation, with a principal place of business at
One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, offers commercial financing to H&R Block
franchisees, subject to credit approval. FPI offers a Term Loan to franchisees, which may be used by you
to acquire an H&R Block franchise, acquire another tax preparation business, buy out a partner, refinance
a U.S. Small Business Administration loan or comply with brand office standards upgrades. FPI also offers
an annual Short-Term Loan to franchisees, which may be used by you to cover some of your operating and
related expenses prior to the end of each Tax Season. You may not use any loan proceeds for personal,
family, or household purposes.

Our affiliates, HRB Innovations, Inc. (described above) and Companion Insurance, Ltd., a Missouri
corporation, with a principal place of business at One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, assist
with the service and administration of the Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan (“POM”) and the POM
Protection Program. In addition, it is required that you purchase Errors & Omissions, General Liability,
and Property (contents, betterments, and improvements only) insurance coverage. You may purchase
coverage through an independent provider or take advantage of the program administered by our affiliate
H&R Block Insurance Agency, Inc., a Delaware corporation, at One H&R Block Way, Kansas City,
Missouri 64105.

Except as otherwise described in this Item 1, neither we nor our Parent, predecessor, or, affiliates currently
offer or have offered franchises in any other lines of business.

International Franchisor Affiliates

We no longer offer franchises outside of the United States and certain United States territories. The
following affiliates offer H&R Block franchises outside of the United States and in some United States
territories.

HRB International LLC, a Missouri limited liability company, with a principal place of business at One
H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, is the franchisor of offices in foreign countries and in
certain U.S. territories. It does not directly own or operate tax preparation businesses but only offers
licenses through its respective franchisees to conduct business under the H&R Block name. Since August
2013, it has offered franchisees licenses to establish offices that offer the Franchised Business outside of
the United States. Neither HRB International LLC, nor any predecessor, has offered franchises in any other
line of business.


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                       2
