                Partner or any of its officers or agents by reason of any of the foregoing actions except for any
                action taken in actual bad faith.


                 (c)      Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Franchise Partner or its agents may
        proceed to dispose of the Collateral, in whole or in part, in any commercially reasonable manner, including,
        but not limited to, sale (which may be public or private, or public as to some Collateral and private as to
        other Collateral), for cash or credit or partly for each, after first giving notice to us in the manner hereinafter
        provided, and Franchise Partner may apply the proceeds of any such disposition first to costs and
        expenses of retaking, holding, and preparing for sale or other disposition, second to costs and expenses
        of the sale or other disposition (including, but not limited to, attorney’s fees and expenses, if and to the
        extent not prohibited by applicable law), and third, to the Obligations in such order as Franchise Partner
        may determine until discharged in full. Franchise Partner shall have the right upon any public sale and (to
        the extent permitted by applicable law) any private sale, to purchase the Collateral and to make payment
        therefor by any means, whether by credit against the Obligations or otherwise. We agree that such
        purchase shall be free of, and we hereby waive and release, any right or equity of redemption we may
        have. Any balance of such proceeds remaining after discharge of the Obligations in full shall be distributed
        to such persons, including, but not limited to, us, as may be lawfully entitled thereto.


                 (d)     If Franchise Partner disposes of any Collateral, unless the Collateral is perishable or
        threatens to decline speedily in value or is a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Franchise
        Partner will give us reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof, or the time after
        which any private sale or other intended disposition thereof is made. The requirement of reasonable notice
        shall be met if such notice is mailed, postage paid, to our principal place of business address set forth in
        the application at least ten (10) calendar days before the day of the public sale or ten (10) calendar days
        before the date after which the private sale or other intended disposition may take place.


                 (e)     In addition, Franchise Partner shall have all of the rights and remedies of a secured
        creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code as though fully set out herein.


                 (f)     If Franchise Partner fails to exercise, or delays in exercising, any right, remedy, power or
        privilege under the Credit Documents (including the failure to charge us an amount or rate, or the correct
        amount or rate, we are obligated to pay under this Agreement), that failure or delay shall not operate as
        a waiver thereof. In addition, no single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege under
        the Credit Documents shall preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
        remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers, and privileges provided in the Credit
        Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, power, or privileges provided by law
        or equity.


         11. Governing Law. Except to the extent federal law applies this Agreement and all actions, causes of
action or claims of any kind (whether at law, in equity, in tort or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of
or relate to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents (including any action, cause of action, or claim of any kind based upon,
arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to this
Agreement) will be governed by and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Missouri
without reference or regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof.




                                                             10
