                                                                                     Admin. ID _________

                      AMENDMENT TO H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES LLC
                           FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT
                              REQUIRED BY MARYLAND

In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, Md. Code
Bus. Reg. §§14-201 through 14-233 (the “Act”), the H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License
Agreement (“FLA”), for use in the state of Maryland, will be amended as follows (this “Amendment”):

1.      Amendments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise License
Agreement (“FLA”), to the extent that the FLA contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following,
such provisions are hereby amended:

1.1     General Release. The general release required as a condition of sale, assignment, or Transfer shall
not apply to any liability under the Act.

1.2      Venue. Nothing in the FLA prevents the franchisee from bringing a lawsuit in Maryland for claims
arising under the Act.

1.3     Claims. Nothing in the FLA operates to reduce the 3-year statute of limitations afforded to a
franchisee for bringing a claim arising under the Act. Further, any claims arising under the Act must be
brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

1.4     Termination. The Federal Bankruptcy laws may not allow the enforcement of the provisions for
termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee.

1.5     Acknowledgements. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

2.      Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, not otherwise specifically defined, will
have the meanings as defined in the FLA.

3.      Modification. Except as specifically amended, all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the
FLA continue in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the FLA,
the terms and conditions of this Amendment will apply.




                                                   B-9
                                                                         2025 Maryland State Amendment to the FDD
                                                                                                         Exhibit B
