We reserve the right to substitute different Proprietary Marks for use in identifying the System and the
businesses operating under it at our sole discretion. We will have no obligation or liability to you as a result
of such substitution.

ITEM 14            PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Patents and Copyrights

We hold a small but growing patent portfolio that we believe is important to our overall competitive
position, although we are not materially dependent on any one patent or particular group of patents in our
portfolio at this time. Our patents have remaining terms generally ranging from 1 to 20 years.

We do not own any right in or to any registered copyrights that are material to the franchise, but we do
claim a copyright on the Manual and software.

Proprietary Information

You do not receive the right to use any item covered by a patent or copyright. We claim proprietary rights
to the information in the Manual.

You must treat and use all reasonable efforts to maintain as secret and confidential, the information
contained in the Manual, any other policies, or other communications created for or approved for use in the
operation of the Franchised Business. You must not copy, duplicate, record, or reproduce these materials
in whole or in part, or otherwise make them available to any unauthorized person. The Manual will remain
our sole property.

Any and all other information, knowledge, know-how, techniques, and other data that we designate as
proprietary or confidential will also be considered confidential for purposes of the FLA.

You must require any of your employees that have access to any of our proprietary or Confidential
Information to sign covenants in a form satisfactory to us that they will maintain the confidentiality of
information they receive by virtue of their employment by you at the Franchised Business. You must
submit those signed forms to us at our request.

You must also promptly tell us when you learn about the unauthorized use of any proprietary or Confidential
Information. We are not obligated to take any action, but we will respond to your notification of
unauthorized use as we think appropriate.

Disclosure and Assignment

You agree to promptly inform us of the full details of all inventions, discoveries, improvements,
innovations, ideas, and original works (collectively “Developments”), whether or not patentable,
copyrightable, or otherwise protectable. This includes Developments you, your owners, or your employees
conceive, complete, or reduce to practice (whether jointly or with others) that: (1) relate to our present or
prospective business or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research and development; (2) result from or
are suggested by any H&R Block office, H&R Block’s business practices, or otherwise relate to your
relationship with us; or (3) result from any activities using our equipment, supplies, facilities, materials, or
trade secrets.

H&R Block will own and have all right, title, and interest in all Developments. To the extent any
Development is not automatically owned by H&R Block, you assign and agree to assign all intellectual


2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                       32
