In most states, the interest rate charged on the Term Loan is 3.0% over the preceding month’s Prime Rate.
For example, on June 30, 2025, the Wall Street Journal, in the Money Rates section, reported that the Prime
Rate was 7.5%. In that instance the interest rate was 10.5% (7.5% + 3.00%) and that was the rate used in
the monthly billing cycle from July 1 to July 31, 2025. In addition, the Term Loan has a 2% administration
fee. Unless required by applicable law, there is no cap or floor on Term Loan interest rate fluctuations.

The term of the standard Term Loan may vary, but is generally 4 to 10 years, and will be defined specifically
in the credit documents for your Term Loan. The Term Loan’s minimum required annual payments vary.
FPI may adjust the required annual payment for your Term Loan to an amount sufficient to repay the unpaid
principal, interest, and fees by the maturity date at the interest rate that was in effect each year. The Term
Loan’s minimum required annual payment may be changed at FPI’s sole discretion and with prior notice
provided to you. There is no prepayment penalty for a Term Loan, and it may be prepaid at any time.

The term of the standard Annual Short-Term Loan is 7 months, from September 1 to April 30. Credit limits
can be up to 20% of the prior year’s net tax preparation revenue. Approved franchisees may take draws on
the annual Short-Term Loan between September 1 and March 31 to fund their operating liquidity needs.
The loan must be repaid in its entirety by April 30.

Both the Term Loan and the Short-Term Loan are secured by the property used in the operation of your
Franchised Business, and the Franchised Business itself, whether now owned or later acquired by you
during the operation of your Franchised Business. Franchisee’s Associates (defined in your FLA to include
(1) Principal; (2) Franchisee’s spouse, if Franchisee is an individual; (3) each affiliate, officer, director, and
shareholder of Franchisee and each of their spouses, if Franchisee is a corporation; (4) each partner of
Franchisee and each of their spouses, if Franchisee is a partnership; (5) each member of Franchisee and
each of their spouses, if Franchisee is a limited liability company; and (6) each trustee of Franchisee and
each of their spouses, if Franchisee is a trust.) may be required to be designated as a Borrower under the
terms of the Term Loan and Short-Term Loan and will be responsible for the timely payments and the
obligations of each loan.

A breach of any of the terms of the Term Loan or the Short-Term Loan documents (“Credit Documents”)
is an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, FPI has the right to (1) declare all
amounts owed immediately due and payable, (2) exercise any of its rights and remedies under any of the
Credit Documents, including the right to foreclose on your Franchised Business property, (3) as permitted
by applicable law, increase the interest rate, and (4) as permitted by applicable law, initiate, or cause to be
initiated, collection of all amounts due and payable.

An Event of Default is a breach of the FLA and an Event of Default on any other loans with FPI. The
Credit Documents require you to (1) waive the defenses of presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest,
or other notice of dishonor of any kind or of non-payment of the note, and (2) agree to pay all costs of
collection, including attorneys’ fees.

FPI does not have a practice or intent to sell, assign, or discount to a third party all or part of any franchisee
financing arrangements but may do so at its sole option and with prior notice to you.

Franchisees are not required to obtain financing from FPI and are permitted to obtain loans with third-party
lenders. However, you do not have the right to encumber or otherwise pledge as security certain assets
used in your Franchised Business, including but not limited to Client Data and other Confidential
Information for any third-party loan.




2025 H&R Block Tax Services FDD                        18
