Licensed Marks, or any similar or other proprietary marks, and to grant licenses to use those systems
without obligation to Franchisee; and (4) modify, change, or discontinue the use of any Licensed Marks.
         3.2      Copyrights. Franchisee acknowledges that H&R Block or an affiliate owns the worldwide
copyright and other ownership rights to all materials provided by H&R Block (in all forms or media now
or hereafter known) including, but not limited to, the Manual, all promotional materials, and all software,
and Franchisee will not (directly or indirectly) infringe, contest, or otherwise impair H&R Block’s or its
affiliate’s exclusive ownership of or license of any copyrighted material provided by H&R Block.

                 (A)      If registration of the copyright of any of the materials mentioned above is required
        by law or considered advisable by H&R Block or its affiliates, Franchisee will cooperate with and
        assist H&R Block or its affiliates in obtaining the registration in the name of H&R Block or its
        affiliates, and Franchisee will not otherwise register or attempt to register or assist or be involved
        in any way with the registration (either directly or indirectly) of the materials.

                 (B)      Franchisee will use proper copyright and other proprietary notices in connection
        with all copyrighted materials and conform with the standards of H&R Block or its affiliates for
        protecting its rights.

                 (C)     Franchisee will promptly cause the execution of any assignments, waivers of
        rights, or other documents, and take any further actions needed or advisable to ensure that H&R
        Block or its affiliate has and retains the copyright and other rights described in Section 3 of this
        Agreement.

                (D)      Except for the non-exclusive license to use granted in this Agreement, Franchisee
        will acquire no right, title, or interest in H&R Block’s or its affiliate’s copyrighted material.

        3.3     Notice of Franchise Ownership. Franchisee will, in the manner specified by H&R Block,
notify the public and Franchisee’s employees that Franchisee is operating the Franchised Business as a
franchisee of H&R Block. The notice will be displayed prominently at each of Franchisee’s Approved
Locations.

        4.      Term.

        4.1     Term Length. Unless terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement begins
on the Effective Date and expires on June 1 immediately following the tenth full Tax Season after the
Effective Date.

        4.2      Offer of a Successor Franchise Agreement at H&R Block’s Option. Upon expiration
of this Agreement, H&R Block may, but will be under no obligation to, offer Franchisee a successor
franchise under H&R Block’s then-current form of franchise agreement, the terms of which may be
materially different from the terms of this Agreement, including higher and additional fees and a change in
Franchise Territory. Any change in Franchise Territory will be based on Franchisee’s existing Approved
Location(s). Franchisee will not be required to pay an initial franchise fee when entering into a successor
franchise agreement.

         4.3     Notice of Expiration or Non-Renewal. If then-applicable law requires H&R Block to
give notice to Franchisee before the expiration or non-renewal of this Agreement and H&R Block fails to
give the notice required, this Agreement will remain in effect from month to month until the required notice
has been given by H&R Block.


                                                      7
                                                           2025 H&R Block Tax Services LLC Franchise License Agreement
                                                                                                            Exhibit F-1
