18.     Modifications by H&R Block. H&R Block has the right to (a) eliminate or modify the method of
Franchisee’s use of the Program and System, (b) eliminate or modify any of the Services that comprise the
Electronic Filing Services, or (c) change the exact Hardware configurations for Hardware used in the Program
and System. If H&R Block elects to make any of the foregoing modifications, H&R Block will notify
Franchisee of the date the modification is effective.

19.      Exclusivity. The Electronic Filing Services will be the only electronic filing service offered to
Franchisee and Franchisee must not use any software or system other than the Program and System,
transmission facilities other than Telecommunication Service’s communication lines, electronic filing service
lending institution other than the Bank or depository bank other than the Depository in the use of the Electronic
Filing Services unless the Franchisee receives prior written consent.

20.       Disclaimer of Warranties. H&R Block makes no representation or warranty as to: (a) the reliability
or fitness of the Program and System or any enhancements or modifications to the Program and System; (b)
the success or profitability to Franchisee of the Services conducted under this Agreement by Franchisee; (c)
the future of electronic filing of tax returns, the direct deposit of income tax refunds, Refund Transfers (“RTs”),
or any settlement products or the IRS’s confirmed acceptance of these products and services; or (d) whether
H&R Block will continue to offer its Program and System for preparation of returns and electronic filing. H&R
Block does not represent or guarantee that Franchisee’s use of the Program and System will be more
advantageous, efficient, or profitable than Franchisee’s current methods of operation. H&R Block will make
its best effort but does not guarantee to correct any errors or defects in the Program and System. The Program
and System are authorized for use under this Agreement solely on an “as is” basis. H&R BLOCK DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO H&R BLOCK’S
PROGRAM AND SYSTEM OR USE OF ELECTRONIC FILING SERVICES. ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR MERCHANTABILITY, OR ANY OTHER STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW
WARRANTIES, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED BY H&R BLOCK.

21.       Limitation of Liability; Indemnification. H&R Block, Telecommunication Services, and their
respective subsidiaries, related entities, affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, and
successors are not liable to Franchisee or to any other party for any loss, damage, or expense arising out of or
resulting from nonoccurrence of: (a) the conditions set forth in Section 5 above; (b) the performance or
nonperformance of the Program and System, or any delay in performance of the Program and System; (c) any
failure to promptly and accurately transmit Client Data to Telecommunication Services on behalf of Franchisee;
(d) any failure of Telecommunication Services to perform its obligations in connection with any transmission
of Client Data or payment processing as described in Section 9 above; (e) any failure of Bank to perform its
obligations in connection with Electronic Filing Services; (f) any failure of any Depository to perform its
obligations in connection with Electronic Filing Services; (g) Franchisee’s use of the Program and System; or
(h) Franchisee’s operation of Electronic Filing Services. Franchisee will bear all responsibility and liability for
the accuracy and timeliness of Client Data transmitted by Franchisee to Telecommunication Services.


Franchisee assumes sole responsibility and liability for, will indemnify H&R Block, Telecommunication
Services, the Bank, and the Depository against, and will hold them harmless from, any loss, cost, damage, or
expense including the payment of penalties or interest pursuant to: (a) H&R Block’s guarantees described in
the Manual; or (b) the requirements of the IRS in connection with the electronic filing of income tax returns
arising out of or resulting from: (1) any act, error, or omission committed by Franchisee or Franchisee’s agents
or employees in the preparation of any tax return for which the Electronic Filing Services are used; (2) any act,
error, or omission committed by Franchisee or Franchisee’s agents or employees in use of Electronic Filing
Services or the Program and System; (3) any loss, alteration, misuse, or improper issuance or delivery of
                                                              2025 Franchise Electronic Filing and Software Systems Agreement
                                                                                                                    Exhibit I-1
                                                        10
