You must know and comply with all laws, regulations, rules and policies that apply to the operation of the
restaurant at a NEXCOM location under the License Agreement, including, but not limited to: all applicable
United States Executive Orders, particularly those concerning workers and wages; the Service Contract Act and
wage orders issued by the United States Department of Labor; recycling and environmental laws; privacy rules
and regulations; the United States Department of Defense rules and regulations; all laws, rules and regulations
pertaining to Combating Trafficking in Persons and segregated facilities; smoking and gambling policies;
identification verification policies; customer complaint resolution policies; customer purchase receipt rules and
policies; business record requirements (including audited financial statements); as well as certain rules,
requirements and policies with respect to your employees (pertaining to health evaluations, sanitation training,
etc.). You may be required to provide a right of first refusal to qualified employees of the previous contractor of
the location for any positions in your restaurant. It is your responsibility to research these matters and ensure
compliance with them in the operation of your restaurant.
Item 5
INITIAL FEES
Extension Fee:
The above description of the extension fee also does not apply to a NEXCOM location established under the
License Agreement. After you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must open your restaurant within the time
prescribed under the License Agreement or we may terminate the Franchise Agreement, with no right to any
extensions.
You will not sign a sublease for your restaurant located at a Naval Exchange location. Your right to occupy the
restaurant premises is provided under the License Agreement and the sublicense we grant to you under the
Franchise Agreement. You are responsible for paying the monthly commission fee specified in the License
Agreement. The monthly commission fee is a percentage of the sales from the restaurant, and will vary from
month to month. It may also increase upon renewal of the license for the restaurant location. You will pay us the
commission fee as well as any other charges you owe to NEXCOM through your preauthorized account, and then
we will send these amounts to NEXCOM. NEXCOM may assess late payment fees. In some cases, however, you
will pay NEXCOM directly.
Item 6
OTHER FEES
Commission Fee
and Other Fees for
NEXCOM
Locations

If your total monthly sales are
between $0 to $15,000 you will
pay 6% on this portion of your
monthly sales

Payable monthly on
the 7th day of the
month following the
end of the sales period

For your monthly sales that are
between $15,001 to $30,000
you will pay 10% on this
portion of your monthly sales
For your monthly sales that are
between $30,001 to $60,000
you will pay 18% on this
portion of your monthly sales

2

See Note 6. See Exhibit
A-20 and the License
Agreement. The
commission structure is
progressive. If your sales
fall within a higher sales
bracket, that percentage
applies only to that tiered
amount of sales in any
given month.

