Date, the balance or deficiency shall, at the election of Sublicensor, be paid by
Sublicensee on the first of each month; or
8.3.3

stand by and do nothing, and hold Sublicensee liable for all License Fees, Additional
License Fees and other Additional Charges payable under this Sublicense through the
Expiration Date.

If Sublicensor does not notify Sublicensee which remedy it is pursuing, or if Sublicensor’s notice
to Sublicensee does not expressly state that Sublicensor is exercising its remedies under Section
8.3.1 or Section 8.3.3, then it shall be deemed that Sublicensor is pursuing the remedy set forth
in Section 8.3.2. If Sublicensor exercises the option in Section 8.3.1 or 8.3.2, Sublicensee agrees
to immediately and peacefully surrender the Premises to Sublicensor, and if Sublicensee refuses
to do so, Sublicensor may without further notice reenter the Premises either by force or otherwise
and dispossess Sublicensee by summary proceedings or otherwise, as well as the legal
representative(s) of Sublicensee and/or other occupant(s) of the Premises, and remove their
effects.
8.4

Acceleration. If Sublicensor exercises the remedies in Section 8.3.3 of this Sublicense,
Sublicensee shall immediately pay to Sublicensor as damages for loss of the bargain caused by
Sublicensee’s default, and not as a penalty, in addition to any other damages, an aggregate sum
that represents the present value of the full amount of the License Fees, Additional License Fees
and all other Additional Charges payable by Sublicensee hereunder that would have accrued for
the balance of the Term.

8.5

Suits. Suit or suits for the recovery of the deficiency or damage or for any installment or
installments of License Fees, Additional License Fees or any other charge due under this
Sublicense may be brought by Sublicensor at any time or, at Sublicensor’s election, from time to
time, and nothing in this Sublicense shall be deemed to require Sublicensor to wait until the
Expiration Date to bring suit.

8.6

Waiver. Sublicensee hereby expressly waives service of any notice of intention to reenter.
Sublicensee hereby waives any and all rights to recover or to regain possession of the Premises
or to reinstate or to redeem this Sublicense as permitted or provided by any statute, law or
decision now or hereafter in force and effect. No receipt of monies by Sublicensor from
Sublicensee after the cancellation or termination of the Sublicense shall reinstate, continue or
extend the Sublicense, or affect any prior notice given to Sublicensee or operate as a waiver of
the right of Sublicensor to enforce the payment of License Fees and Additional License Fees then
due or subsequently falling due, or operate as a waiver of the right of Sublicensor to recover
possession of the Premises by suit, action, proceeding or other remedy, and any and all moneys
so collected shall be deemed to be payments on account of the use and occupancy of the Premises,
or at the election of Sublicensor, on account of Sublicensee’s liability under this Sublicense.

8.7

Proof of Claim. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Sublicensor to prove
and obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or
dissolution proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law
governing such proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less than the
amount of the damages referred to in any of the preceding sections.

8.8

Injunction. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Sublicensee of any of its
Sublicense obligations, Sublicensor shall have the right to enjoin and restrain the breach and to
invoke any remedy allowed by law or in equity, in addition to other remedies provided in this
Sublicense.

11

