Note 6. Commission Fee and Other Fees for NEXCOM locations. We will collect the monthly commission fee
due NEXCOM through your pre-authorized account. This fee may increase upon renewal or extension of the
license for the location. NEXCOM may also alter the amount of the commission fee during the term of the license
for the location at its discretion, due to changes in restaurant operating hours, and the size and/or type of location,
but in no event will the commission fees exceed those stated in the chart above.
You may be required to upgrade or renovate the restaurant premises as a condition of the renewal or extension of
the license for the location, and you will be responsible for any such costs you incur.
Under the License Agreement, utility services, which include electricity, gas, fuel, steam, oil, water, sewage, trash
and waste removal will be provided free of charge. However, you are responsible for telephone and
data/communications charges. NEXCOM locations listed in Attachment 1 of the License Agreement, as amended,
may be responsible for their pro rata share of common area maintenance (“CAM”) expenses. CAM expenses for
other locations, if applicable, are approximately 1% of the gross sales for the restaurant; however, CAM expenses
may be more or less than 1% of gross sales as determined by NEXCOM.
Add to Note 7. Insurance:
You may be required under the License Agreement to submit your insurance policy to NEXCOM for approval
prior to opening the restaurant.
Disputes arising from or in connection with the License Agreement with NEXCOM must be resolved in
accordance with the dispute resolution procedures outlined in the License Agreement, consistent with the
requirements of the Contract Disputes Act.
Add a new Note 22:
Note 22. Customer Programs: Promotions, Receipts and Claims. You may be required under the License
Agreement to participate in special promotions or programs offered by NEXCOM which may involve the issuance
of coupons or other vouchers. You may be required to share in the cost of these promotions or programs with
NEXCOM. You must provide customers with a receipt. If you do not, NEXCOM may require you to offer the
customer a free item or meal at your expense. You must also comply with NEXCOM’s customer complaint
resolution policies, including issuing refunds to customers for customer dissatisfaction with an item or service,
and for any overcharges to customers. If you fail to promptly make any refund of overcharges to a customer,
NEXCOM may make the refund to the customer on your behalf and charge you the amount of the refund.
Item 7
INITIAL INVESTMENT
If you establish your restaurant at a NEXCOM location under the License Agreement, your capital requirements may
vary from those stated in the chart above. You will have to abide by certain rules, regulations and policies applicable to
operating from a military base location which may increase your initial investment costs, including but not limited to,
obtaining security clearances and health screenings for you and your employees. You will be required to construct, equip
and open the restaurant to the specifications contained in the License Agreement in addition to the Operations Manual,
which may cause you to incur additional costs. The specifications included in the License Agreement, such as the
requirement to purchase all construction materials in accordance with the Buy American Act may cause costs for
materials, construction, and personnel to be higher. You may also be limited to using contractors, licensed plumbers,
etc. specified by NEXCOM or a related government entity in connection with certain repairs, upgrades and renovations
for your restaurant which may increase your costs. We may offer to provide financing of the franchise fee and certain
leasehold improvements to franchisees who purchase a franchise for a NEXCOM location. We may also guarantee third
party equipment leases and loans for these locations only.

4

