relocate. If a proposed site is not accessible, you must provide plans to make the site accessible, or we may
request that you identify an alternative accessible location.
If you relocate the Restaurant to a location that is not an AAFES location, the AAFES Rider will be of no
further force and effect, except to the extent the Contract imposes obligations on you that continue after the
termination or expiration of the Contract. You will abide by and be bound by the terms of this Agreement
without any modification by the AAFES Rider.
IX. Without limiting our other termination rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, If we give you ten (10)
days’ written notice, we may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights or remedies
provided under this Agreement, terminate this Agreement if you fail to pay any money you owe us, our
Affiliates, or AAFES under this Agreement, the Contract or any other Franchise Agreement, or any amounts
we may become liable to pay because of your action or omission. Further, without limiting our other
termination rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, if we give you ninety (90) days’ written notice, we
may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights or remedies provided under this
Agreement, terminate this Agreement if you default in the performance of any of the terms of the Contract.
X.

You are, and will at all times be identified as, an independent contractor or Subcontractor as described in the
terms of the Contract. You are not our agent, partner, or employee. This Agreement does not create a
partnership, joint venture, agency, or fiduciary relationship. Furthermore, we are not responsible, jointly or
severally, for any encumbrances undertaken by you in relation to the franchise business or any violations
of applicable law.

XI. The Exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit I is added and attached to the Franchise Agreement.
XII. The Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, contains the entire understanding of
the parties and may not be further amended except in writing. The Franchise Agreement, as amended and
supplemented by this Rider, is ratified and affirmed.
XIII.

You acknowledge you read and understand this Rider, the Contract, and the Franchise Agreement, and
consent to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Contract and the Franchise Agreement as
amended and supplemented by this Rider.

