You must use only approved suppliers for third party delivery services. You must provide delivery services in
compliance with the Confidential Operations Manual and as we otherwise specify in writing from time to time, and you
must pay any commissions charged for their services.
We do not currently, but may in the future, require you to purchase or lease digital menu boards from a sole approved
supplier.
Interests in Required Suppliers
One or more of our officers owns an interest in publicly-traded stock in nine of our required suppliers, PepsiCo, Inc.,
McCormick & Co. Inc, Lamb Weston, Tyson Foods Inc., Meraki (Cisco), HP, Keurig Incorporated, Frito Lay, and
Nestle USA, Inc.. In addition, some of our franchisees and our Business Developers may have interests in various
required suppliers. Other than that, no current officers of DAL have any ownership interest in any required supplier that
provides goods or services to Subway® franchisees.
Purchasing Cooperative, Rebates and Negotiated Prices
The IPC is a purchasing entity that works with us and our affiliates to approve suppliers and negotiate prices, discounts,
and other purchase and distribution arrangements for the benefit of Subway® franchisees throughout the system or in a
particular region. The IPC will not have any exclusive rights for the purchase of approved products. The IPC may earn
revenue in connection with the services it provides.
Upon signing the Franchise Agreement, IPC’s charter documents provide that you are eligible to become a member of
IPC that has voting rights on a representative board (a “Member”) or an associate Member that benefits from Member
activities without voting rights (an “Associate Member”) of the IPC. To become a Member or Associate Member, you
must complete a membership form prescribed by the board of the IPC. You may opt out of being a Member or Associate
Member of the IPC by sending the IPC written notification, and purchase from other third-party vendors instead of from
IPC. The IPC may amend its charter documents—changing these membership requirements—from time to time.
We and the IPC may negotiate agreements with approved suppliers, which may require contributions by the suppliers
for national or local advertising, research and development, equipment, technology and digital initiatives and other uses
benefiting franchisees. The amount of the contributions is usually determined as a specific amount of money per quantity
of product purchased by franchisees, or sometimes as a percentage of the supplier's dollar sales to franchisees of the
product. In some cases, these contributions are earmarked by a supplier for specific purposes, and we use the funds
accordingly. By way of example, suppliers that contribute to funds which benefit franchisees in the United States are
making contributions at approximately the following rates based on franchisee purchases: $0.03 - $0.10 per pound;
$0.18 - $1.00 per case; $0.052 per bag; $0.97 - $1.53 per gallon; or 2% to 37% of sales dollars. We and IPC reserve the
right to negotiate these arrangements and administer the contributions. There may be an upcharge on certain products
as a result of these arrangements.
We or SFAFT may allocate the advertising contributions to a specific region or market at our discretion and we and
SFAFT have no obligation to allocate all of the supplier contributions for advertising to any particular market. We
cannot quantify or guarantee any benefits to you as a result of any vendor contributions paid on your purchases from a
vendor or otherwise.
Vendors and suppliers may also contribute money to our Franchisee Education Fund. This fund is to be used for
Subway® franchisee educational and other purposes approved by us. The IPC will manage the solicitation of funds from
vendors and suppliers that have been collected from franchisee product purchases, which may reflect a markup. We
currently contribute any income, after expenses, from the annual Subway® convention into the Franchisee Education
Fund.
Contributions from suppliers, including manufacturers and distributors, may be negotiated on a local level with the funds
being used to promote advertising or some other use benefiting franchisees in the local market. We are not able to
provide specific information on any such local programs, but we believe that these suppliers make contributions at rates
similar to those previously discussed.
55

