P.
No Liability. You agree that no past, present or future director, officer, employee,
incorporator, member, manager, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate, controlling party, entity under
common control, ownership or management, supplier, agent, attorney, or representative of ours will have
any liability for (i) any of our obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement, (ii) any
claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between you and us, or (iii) any
claim against us based on any alleged unlawful act or omission of us. For the avoidance of doubt, this
provision constitutes an express waiver of any claims based on a theory of vicarious liability, except for
any statutory liability that cannot be waived under applicable law.
Q.
Franchisor Discretion. You agree that whenever this Agreement allows or requires us to
take actions or make decisions, we may do so in our sole and unfettered discretion, even if you believe our
action or decision is unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and specifically requires that we act
reasonably or refrain from acting unreasonably in connection with the particular action or decision.
R.
Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required
by this Agreement shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to us at
FranchiseNotices@subway.com and to you at the email address provided in the Key Contract Data at the
beginning of this Agreement, or at such other email address as either party shall from time to time designate
in writing; (ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in writing and sent for next business day
delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier. Notices sent via hand delivery or via
nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed directly to us at our offices at Attn: Legal Department Franchising, 1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484, and to you at the Premises, or at such other
address as either party shall from time to time designate in writing. Email notices must contain the
capitalized words “LEGAL NOTICE” in the subject line. The sender of an email notice must request a read
receipt and the recipient must allow a read receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email
notices shall be effective upon receipt by the sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the notice.
Hand delivered notices shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered. Notices sent for next
business day delivery by nationally recognized courier shall be deemed to be effective on the next business
day.
S.
Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may be modified only by written agreement
signed by both you and us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that we may modify
the Confidential Operations Manual and System Standards from time to time, subject to the terms of this
Agreement.
T.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. The parties agree that scanned or electronic signatures shall have the same effect and validity,
and may be relied upon in the same manner, as original signatures. You acknowledge and agree that any
owner of you or any signatory to this Agreement (including any signatory assuming this Agreement) may
sign ancillary agreements and accept system initiatives during the Term such as software license agreements
and consent to technology programs/initiatives in connection with the operation of the Restaurant, such as
remote access to your POS System, with binding effect.
25.

Acknowledgements. You represent, warrant, agree and acknowledge the following:

A.
No representation has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson of us) and
relied on by you as to the future or past income, expenses, sales volume or potential profitability, earnings
or income of the Restaurant, or any other Subway® Restaurant.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

39

