including but not limited to sub rolls and other bread rolls, sliced bread, pita bread, flat bread, and wraps, whether
for on or off-premises consumption, or via delivery or catering. The word “sandwiches” as used in the previous
sentence does not include hamburgers, hot dogs, burritos, or fried chicken sandwiches, and full-service restaurants
where customers are served by waitstaff and pay after eating, and Subway® Restaurants operated under franchise
agreements with Franchisor, are not Competitive Businesses. Examples (without limitation) of Competitive
Businesses as of the Agreement Date are the following chain restaurants: D’Angelo Grilled Sandwiches, Jersey
Mike’s Subs, Jimmy John’s, Firehouse Subs, Potbelly, Togo’s, Which Wich Superior Sandwiches, Charley’s
Philly Steaks, Penn Station East Coast Subs, McAlister’s Deli, Pita Pit, Schlotzky’s, Cousin’s Subs, Capriotti’s,
Quiznos, Jon Smith Subs, Erbert & Gerbert’s, Lenny’s Grill & Subs, PrimoHoagies, Tubby’s Sub Shop,
Blimpie’s, Super Sandwich, Nardelli’s, DiBella’s, Deli Delicious, Groucho’s Deli, CHēBA Hut, Steak Escape,
Miami Grill, Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, and Great Wraps.
9.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors, assigns and affiliates.
10.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed
as one and the same document. Executed counterparts of this Agreement with signatures sent by electronic mail
(i.e., in PDF format) or signed electronically via DocuSign may be used in the place of original signatures of this
Agreement. The Parties intend to be bound by the signatures of the electronically mailed or signed signatures and
the delivery of the same shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. The
Parties hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of this terms of this Agreement based on the form of the
signature or delivery thereof and hereby agree that such electronically mailed or signed signatures shall be
conclusive proof, admissible in arbitration and judicial proceedings, of the Parties’ execution of this Agreement.
[Signature Page Follows]

3

