5. No term, condition or provision of this Guaranty shall be deemed to be waived by Subconcessionor,
without the express written consent of Subconcessionor. Any such waiver will extend only to the
particular circumstances specified in writing by the Subconcessionor. Neither forbearance, nor
indulgence by Subconcessionor will constitute a waiver of any provision of this Guaranty.
6. Each Guarantor acknowledges that the Subconcession Agreement may be extended, amended or
renewed by mutual agreement between Subconcessionaire and Subconcessionor, and each
Guarantor expressly consents to any such modification of the Subconcession Agreement.
7. This is a continuing guarantee. Nothing but payment and satisfaction in full of the Obligations will
release Guarantors from their respective obligations pursuant to this Guaranty. Notice of acceptance
of this Guaranty is waived.
8. This Guaranty shall not be impaired by any modification, supplement, renewal, extension or
amendment of the Subconcession Agreement or any of the Obligations, nor by any modification,
release or other alteration of any of the Obligations hereby guaranteed.
9. The liability of each Guarantor hereunder is primary, direct and unconditional and may be enforced
without requiring Subconcessionor first to resort to any other right, remedy or security.
10. No Guarantor hereunder shall have any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnity
whatsoever, unless and until the Obligations are paid or performed in full.
11. If any Guarantor hereunder should at any time die, become incapacitated, become insolvent or
make a composition, trust mortgage or general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if a
proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law affecting the rights of
creditors generally shall be filed or commenced by, against or in respect of any guarantor hereunder,
any and all obligation of that guarantor shall, at Subconcessionor's option, immediately become
due and payable without notice.
12. If any payment or transfer to Subconcessionor which has been credited against any Obligation, is
voided or rescinded or required to be returned by Subconcessionor, whether or not in connection
with any event or proceeding described in Section 11, the Guaranty shall continue in effect or be
reinstated as though such payment, transfer or recovery had not been made.
13. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Guaranty shall be construed as an absolute, unconditional,
continuing and unlimited obligation of the each Guarantor hereunder without regard to the
regularity, validity or enforceability of any of the Obligations, and without regard to whether any
Obligation is limited, modified, voided, released or discharged in any proceeding under the United
States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law affecting the rights of creditors generally.
14. Any termination of the Guaranty shall be applicable only to Obligations accruing after termination
or having their inception after the effective date of such termination and shall not affect Obligations
having their inception prior to such date.
15. The death or incapacity of any Guarantor hereunder shall not result in the termination of the
Guaranty.
16. Any and all present and future debts and obligations of Subconcessionaire to any Guarantor
hereunder are hereby waived and postponed in favor of and subordinated to the full payment and
performance of the Obligations.

