monument signs and awnings. Additionally, Tenant may use standard Subway® window advertising
including but not limited to LED “open” signs and static cling(s). Landlord further acknowledges
and agrees that this consent is absolute and Tenant shall not be required to submit any of the
aforementioned items for Landlord’s review. However, Tenant agrees that any signage installed by
Tenant shall conform to local codes and ordinances. In the event Tenant shall be prohibited from
utilizing the Franchisor’s standard décor and signage, Landlord and Tenant shall use best efforts to
obtain a variance or applicable approvals. Tenant may, at Tenant’s option, terminate the Lease at
anytime upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Landlord should Tenant, its assignee or sublessee
fail to receive any approval, permit, licenses, rezoning or variance that is required to meet or exceed
its requirements as stated herein. At any time during the Term of the Lease, if Tenant remodels,
refreshes or otherwise upgrades the Premises in accordance with Franchisor’s latest required interior
décor, Landlord agrees to grant Tenant two (2) months free rent beginning on the first day of the
month following completion of said improvement.
13. Common Area Maintenance Charges. In the event that Tenant is responsible for common area
maintenance charges (“CAM”) under the Lease, (i) Landlord agrees upon thirty days’ notice to
substantiate all related expenses to Tenant’s satisfaction, (ii) in no event shall Tenant’s annual share
of CAM increase by more than five percent (5%) from one calendar year to the next calendar year,
(iii) if Tenant is required to pay a management fee, said amount shall be based solely on Tenant’s
share of CAM and shall not include any calculation using minimum, base or gross rent and in no
event shall said amount exceed ten percent (10%) of Tenant’s total share of CAM and (iv) any and
all CAM charges will be limited to the Building and under no circumstances shall the Tenant be
responsible for the replacement cost of capital items including, but not limited to; the roof, all
structural portions of the Building, the parking lot and HVAC unit. Landlord shall keep at the
Building or at Landlord's principal place of business, full, accurate and separate books of account
covering CAM and the statements of Landlord to Tenant shall accurately reflect overall CAM and
Tenant’s share thereof shown on such books of account. Said books of account shall be retained for
Landlord for at least three (3) years after the close of each accounting period. Tenant shall have the
right to examine Landlord's books and records upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior notice to
Landlord. If Landlord shall receive any objections by Tenant, then such objections shall be deemed
to be binding upon Landlord unless Landlord shall, within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such
objections, deliver written notice to Tenant that Landlord disputes any or all such objections. If
Landlord shall dispute any or all such objections, then Landlord and Tenant shall endeavor in good
faith to reconcile such dispute within twenty (20) days after delivery by Landlord of Landlord's
notice to Tenant disputing any or all such objections, and if Landlord and Tenant are unable to
resolve such dispute, Landlord and Tenant shall jointly select an independent accountant, which
accountant shall resolve such dispute within twenty (20) days after its selection, and such decision
shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant. The fees of such accountant shall be paid equally by
Landlord and Tenant. To the extent that it is determined herein that any sums are due and owing to
Tenant, such amounts shall be credited against Tenant's next due monthly installment of rent or, at
Tenant's option, paid by Landlord to Tenant, and if it is determined herein that Landlord has
overcharged Tenant by more than five percent (5%), then Landlord shall be responsible for all fees
payable to the accountant (rather than such fees being paid equally by Landlord and Tenant), and
Landlord shall repay to Tenant the reasonable out of pocket costs incurred by Tenant in reviewing
Landlord's books and records.
14. Exclusions from Taxes. Tenant’s share of real estate taxes and assessments, shall not include any
interest or penalties which arise from Landlord’s failure to pay the taxes or assessment in a timely
manner. In no event shall Tenant be liable for additional rent attributable to any tax related to
income, transfer, sale, excise taxes or inheritance tax imposed upon the Landlord arising out of
Landlord’s ownership and/or sale of the property. Should the Landlord choose to contest the
4

