EXHIBIT A-7-1
DAL AAFES Addendum 04/25 amended 12/25
AAFES ADDENDUM TO THE DAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
This AAFES Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees
as Required by the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, amended September 4, 2025, and amended
December 1, 2025 (the “Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”, “we”, or “us”). This
AAFES Addendum must be given to you together with the Disclosure Document, the form of Franchise Agreement
and the AAFES Rider.
Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
In some circumstances, we may allow you to establish a satellite location in a non-traditional location, including a
military base location, and you must also sign the Franchise Agreement Rider or the AAFES Rider, as applicable.
Please note that the Franchise Agreement Rider or AAFES Rider will amend and supplement the Franchise
Agreement including any provisions modified by the Satellite Rider.
Military Base Locations:
We have entered into contracts (the “Contract(s)”) with the United States of America Army and Air Force Exchange
Service (“AAFES”) to establish Subway® restaurants at certain AAFES military facilities. Each Contract grants us
the right to subcontract to you the right to operate a Subway® restaurant from a specific location identified in the
Contract. The subcontract we and you will sign is in the form of the AAFES Rider to the Franchise Agreement which
amends the standard form of Franchise Agreement. The Contract for your specific location, as amended by any
modifications of contract, delivery orders or task orders (collectively the “Modifications of Contract”), is attached to
the AAFES Rider and is specifically incorporated into the Franchise Agreement. The AAFES Rider provides a passthrough of the costs and obligations of the Contract, including any Modifications of Contract, to you. In some
circumstances, we may allow you to contract directly with AAFES.
Each Contract may be amended through additional Modifications of Contract throughout the term of the Franchise
Agreement, and you are required to abide by any such modifications to the Contract for your specific location as they
are issued throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.
You should read the Contract including any Modifications of Contract together with the Franchise Agreement and
AAFES Rider carefully, and you may want to review these documents with a lawyer. AAFES reserves the right to
terminate a Contract at any time. If AAFES terminates the Contract for your location, you may lose your investment
in the location. You must also comply with additional standards and obligations prescribed by the Contract.
If you establish your restaurant at an AAFES location, you may be required under the Contract to offer certain snack
menu items, such as pizza or hot dogs. Review the Contract, including any Modifications of Contract specific to your
location to determine whether any such requirement applies to you. You are responsible for any costs associated with
offering the additional menu item(s).
You must know and comply with all laws, regulations, rules and policies that apply to the operation of the restaurant
at an AAFES location, including, but not limited to, all applicable United States Executive Orders, particularly those
concerning workers and wages; the Service Contract Act and wage orders issued by the United States Department of
Labor; recycling and environmental laws; privacy rules and regulations; the United States Department of Defense
rules and regulations; all laws, rules and regulations pertaining to Combating Trafficking in Persons and segregated
1

