’éĘ

’éĘ

’éĘ

’éĘ

’éĘ

’éĘ

make sure you understand the information that is collected, used, and shared by
those sites.
Customer Service, Surveys & Promotions. There may be times you provide
us additional personal information when you interact with our customer support
channels online or by phone or mail; when you participate in our customer
surveys or promotions; or to facilitate delivery of Subway Services or to help us
respond to your inquiries. Types of additional personal information may include
voice recordings, photographs, and videos.
Demographic Data. To help us better understand our customers, improve our
products and services, and reach new markets, we may obtain information from
third parties relating to your age, gender, education, household income and
composition, and information about your lifestyle and interests, among other
similar types of demographic data.
Information You Provide about Others. You may decide to provide us with
another personŌĆÖs information (such as their name, email, address or phone
number) so that we may recommend or send products or services to that
person. Local law may require you to get the consent of that person to provide
their information to the Subway Group. We may in turn use the information you
provide in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Device & Technical Data. We collect technical information when you visit our
websites or use our mobile applications or other electronic services. This
includes information such as you Internet Protocol (IP) address, your login data,
the type of mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser
type, time zone setting and location, language, device identifiers, the address of
a referring website, the path you take through our websites, and other
information about your session on our websites.
Geolocation Data. We may collect information about your location by inferring it
from your IP address or receiving it from your mobile device when your device is
set to share location information. For example, to assist us in showing you the
nearest Subway┬« restaurant, we utilize location information provided by services
such as Google Maps and Apple Maps. For most devices and browsers, you can
control the sharing of location data with us by adjusting your browser or device
settings. For more about how Google Maps collects and shares location data,
please review GoogleŌĆÖs Privacy Policy.
There may be instances in which the personal information that you provide to us
is considered ŌĆ£Sensitive Personal InformationŌĆØ under applicable privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information we collect includes: Precise Geolocation and
certain Payment and Account information that includes security codes, access
codes, or passwords allowing access to an account.

Prospective Employees
If you apply for employment with the Subway Group, we collect information as part of
your application as well as the recruitment process. Personal information collected may
include: Your Name, Personal Email, Physical Home Address, Personal Phone
Number(s), Government Issued Id (Passport, Driver's License #, SSN), Date of Birth,

4

