If you are offering our additional menu items under the Store/Marketwide Option Program described in Item 1, you will
have additional costs. We provide these costs below.
NOTES:
Note 1. Initial Franchise Fee. The initial franchise fee is $15,000. The initial franchise fee may be lower for additional
franchises or if you qualify for a reduced fee. We currently offer a discount on the franchise fee for qualified U.S.
Veterans purchasing a franchise. We are currently waiving the initial franchise fee for satellite locations located in the
same facility as the Base Restaurant and for oil company retailers who have at least 50 units and convert an existing
sandwich business that they created, own and operate at their facility into a Subway® restaurant. The initial franchise
fee for a satellite location is $5,000 or $1,000 if the satellite location will be in operation for a shorter term of one year
or less.
Note 2. Real Property. We estimate this amount to be the deposit of 2 months’ rent payable when you sign the Intent
to Sublease or a direct lease with the landlord. This represents a security deposit of one month’s rent and payment of
one month’s rent. You may pay a significantly higher security deposit if our affiliate leasing corporation cannot obtain
a lease with a reduced security deposit or if you rent directly from a landlord under a direct lease rather than under a
Sublease. You make direct payments to the master landlord for anything due under the Sublease and master lease terms;
or, if you lease directly from the landlord, you will make direct payments to the landlord. This could vary if you use a
portion of the premises for other than a Subway® restaurant. Each of your owners will sign and deliver to our affiliate
a guarantee of the payment obligations under the Sublease. The master landlord under a Sublease, or landlord under a
direct lease, may require you to personally guarantee the lease. You will also pay $50 to our affiliate when you sign the
Sublease as a nonrefundable fee for administrative costs to record the lease. In addition, you will be responsible for any
additional costs associated with recording the lease. The $50 non-refundable fee and additional costs are estimated in
the entry for Miscellaneous Expenses in this chart.
Under certain circumstances, your landlord or the licensor may require us or one of our affiliates to make rental payments
for your restaurant to them on your behalf. All rental payments and related charges we pay on your behalf will be
deducted from your pre-authorized account with us, which you agree to adequately fund for such payments when due.
Review the terms of your Sublease for circumstances where your rental payment may be refunded. In some cases, you
may sign a license or sublicense for your restaurant when the premises can only be licensed. Depending upon the terms
of the license, you may be required to pay the licensor an advance fee when you sign the license.
Real estate costs vary widely, but we estimate the typical monthly rent expense runs from $1,000 per month to a high
of $6,000 per month. The typical restaurant measures approximately 1,375 square feet, but some restaurants are as small
as 300 square feet and others as large as 2,000 square feet. Restaurants are in a wide range of locations, including strip
centers, enclosed malls, food courts, free standing buildings, downtown locations, and seasonal and non-traditional sites.
Factors such as these will affect your costs, which may be higher than our estimates.
In certain circumstances, we may permit you to purchase the real estate for your restaurant. If you choose to do so, and
if we permit you to do so, your initial real estate costs could be substantially higher, depending upon your financing
arrangement, including the amount of any down payment.
Note 3. Leasehold Improvements. We estimate these costs to be the costs to build out your restaurant in accordance
with the standards and specifications in the Operations Manual. Your local law may require use of a grease trap in your
restaurant. This may increase your leasehold improvement costs between $10,000 and $15,000 depending upon the
location of the grease trap.
We have recently unveiled a new restaurant décor design, “Fresh Forward 2.0”. The “Fresh Forward 2.0” décor is the
required décor and equipment package for all new restaurants and relocations. Existing locations are required to remodel
to the “Fresh Forward 2.0” décor and equipment package or an approved variation thereof, such as the “Fresh Start 2.0”
décor and equipment package, in accordance with the timeframe established in the Operations Manual. The cost of
construction and all décor elements and the cost of its installation in the restaurant shall be at your sole expense. This
estimate does not include costs to ship required décor elements.
47

