Exhibit N
NORTH AMERICA SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
Your franchisor (“Subway,” “company”, “we”, or “us”) has adopted the following Social Media
Policy to help guide your social media use and protect you, your restaurants, and your team
members, as well as the Subway® brand.
This policy applies to all Business Developers (BDs) and Franchisees in North America. We
strongly encourage you to establish a similar social media policy for your employees.

WHY SOCIAL MEDIA MATTERS
Whether you are a Business Developer or Franchisee, you are an ambassador of the Subway
brand. Your words and actions can impact the public perception of the brand, brand sentiment
and the livelihood of Subway team members working in the nearly 40,000 restaurants around
the world.
Violation of the principles outlined in this policy may result in the termination of your
agreement with us.

WHAT SOCIAL MEDIA INCLUDES
Social media refers to the creation, sharing and/or exchange of information and ideas amongst
individuals in virtual communities and networks, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube,
Snapchat, Flickr, TikTok, blogs and wikis. Any platform that enables user conversation is

considered social media.
Only Subway Headquarters is authorized to create Subway branded social media pages.
Individual BDs and Franchisees are allowed to repost or share advertisements from the
national level Subway social media pages on their individual non-branded pages in
accordance with platform guidelines. If you launch a social media page in violation of this
policy, we reserve the right to work with the social media platform and remove the page
without notice to you.

NORTH AMERICA DRIVEN SOCIAL MEDIA EFFORTS


The official Subway social media pages are as follows
o Facebook
 The official US Facebook page is:
http://www. facebook.com/subway
 The official Canada Facebook page is:
https://www.facebook.com/SubwayCanada/
 The activities on these pages spark everyday conversation, link to
promotional efforts, and create special experiences. The conversation is
monitored closely by Subway’s social media team.
o Twitter
 The official Twitter page is:
https://twitter.com/SUBWAY
 The official Canada Twitter pages are:
https://twitter.com/SUBWAYCanada
https://twitter.com/SUBWAYCanadaFr
 These profiles are managed and moderated on an hourly basis. Through
the account, we highlight brand programs and activities and successfully

NA Business Developer/Franchisee Social Media Policy
1 | Page

