Franchise: ____________
EXHIBIT A-8
MCCS RIDER
This Rider (“Rider”) dated
(the “Effective Date”) amends and
supplements the Franchise Agreement of the same date including any Riders and any Addenda to the Franchise
Agreement (the "Franchise Agreement") between Doctor's Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“we” or “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”). The
Franchise Agreement as amended by this Rider will be called this “Agreement”. Capitalized terms used in this
Rider that are defined in the Franchise Agreement will have the meanings given to them in the Franchise
Agreement.
RECITALS
R.1.

We entered into a license agreement with the Marine Corps Community Service ("MCCS") dated November 9,
2020 as may be amended (the "License"). The parties acknowledge and agree that the License may be further
amended during the term of License to include certain modifications requested by MCCS through a modification
of contract or delivery/task order (the “Modifications of Contract”). A copy of the License, including any
Modifications of Contract, is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1. The License, including any existing
Modifications of Contract and future Modifications of Contract, is specifically incorporated into this Agreement.

R.2.

The License permits us to develop and operate Subway® restaurants and to sublicense others to develop and
operate Subway® restaurants at certain locations owned, managed or otherwise under the control of MCCS
(“MCCS locations”).

R.3.

Subject to the terms of the License and this Agreement, by signing this Rider, we will sublicense the development
and operation of the Restaurant at an approved MCCS location to you on the following terms and conditions.

R.4.

From time to time the parties acknowledge and agree that they may execute amendments to this Agreement to
acknowledge and agree to be bound by specific terms of certain Modifications of Contract, and you agree to
cooperate with us in good faith to execute any such amendments.
AGREEMENT
Acknowledging and agreeing to each of the Recitals above, which are added to the Recitals of the Franchise
Agreement and are herein incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any
provisions of the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise
Agreement as follows:

I.

You will pay MCCS a percentage of the total adjusted gross sales from the Restaurant as set forth in the
Contract on a monthly basis (the “Fee Payment”) as well as any other charges due to MCCS under the
Contract.
In the event that you fail to make any payment required under the Franchise Agreement or License, we may
make such payment on your behalf and you will reimburse us.
You will pay to us weekly, on the day of the week that we specify in writing, a reduced Advertising Contribution
as stated in the Key Contract Data page of your Franchise Agreement..

II.

During the term of this Agreement, we grant you: A sublicense under the License to develop and operate the
Restaurant at a MCCS location, for the term indicated in the License.

