Restaurant. The training program will be at a location we choose and may include web-based
courses.
ii.

You, your Designated Manager(s), Manager(s) or your employee(s) who attend may be dismissed
from the training program and this Agreement may be terminated, with no refund of your Franchise
Fee (defined below), if you, your Designated Manager(s) or your employee(s) materially fail to act
in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct during the training program (which will be made
available to you at or before attending the training program).

G.

We and you must approve in writing the Restaurant’s menu and days and hours of operation, which may
be more limited than a traditional restaurant. The menu may be subject to nutritional requirements
governing school lunches. You acknowledge you may have to modify the food products offered for sale
and you may have to purchase food products specifically approved for use in school lunch programs, and
these requirements may increase the Restaurant’s food costs. The parties acknowledge the Restaurant may
not be the only food service located in the school, but agree you may not offer any food or beverage items
from the Restaurant area except those we approve for sale. You agree the Restaurant will only serve
students, faculty, staff, and visitors to the school in the ordinary course, but will not be open to the general
public.

H.

If you are prohibited by law from providing required insurance coverage and/or the indemnification
required under the Agreement, you must notify us in writing before you sign this Agreement. If we elect to
enter into this Agreement after we receive your notice, this Agreement will be deemed amended by your
notice to delete the prohibited insurance and/or indemnification requirements. Your notice, when
acknowledged and specifically consented to by us in writing, will be part of this Agreement.

I.

In regard to operating Competitive Businesses:
i.

We designate your location of the Restaurant in the School as a non-traditional location. During
the term of this Agreement, the following will apply: You may provide (or may contract for others
to provide) cafeteria services at the School. You may enter into franchise agreements with other
food product companies, operate your own school cafeteria, or sell other products in competition
with the Restaurant’s products, provided you (or your food service contractors) do not operate any
Competitive Business at the School during the Term, except as we permit in this Section. During
the Term, you will give us the first opportunity to approve for a Subway® Restaurant location any
site at the School or any other school within the same school district, in which you, directly or
indirectly, want to install a Competing Business. You may only install a Competing Business if we,
in writing, deny you approval to operate a Subway® Restaurant at the proposed location, or we fail
to grant approval within fifteen (15) business days after written notice from you. This Section does
not affect any covenant not to compete in any other Franchise Agreement you have with us. For
each unauthorized Association with a Competitive Business, the provisions of Section 19.D shall
apply.

ii.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 19, you are permitted to operate a Competitive
Business in a different school after the termination, expiration or transfer of this Agreement,
provided that if you operate the Competitive Business in the other school as a full retail store open
to the general public, or if you breached Section 19 during the Term, the original provisions of
Section 19 will apply. You will not Associate with a Competitive Business at the School (which,
for the purposes of this paragraph, shall include permitting a Competitive Business to operate at
the School) for a period of 1 year after the termination, expiration, or transfer of this Agreement.
The prohibition against establishing a Competitive Business within a three (3) mile radius of a
8

DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

