L.
We shall have the right, title and interest to the menu board and any sign or sign faces
bearing the Marks. You hereby acknowledge our right to access the Premises should we elect to take
possession of any said menu board, sign or sign faces bearing the Marks.
M.
We shall have the right (but not the duty), to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration, to purchase for cash any or all equipment, supplies, and
other inventory, advertising materials, all items bearing the Marks, and the assets of any commissary,
bakery, ghost kitchen or related facility owned by you, at fair market value. If the parties cannot agree on
fair market value within a reasonable time, an independent appraiser acceptable to you and us shall be
designated by us, and her/his determination shall be binding. In determining fair market value, the parties
shall not take into consideration the goodwill associated with the Marks. If we elect to exercise any option
to purchase herein provided, we shall have the right to set off all amounts due from you under this
Agreement or any other agreements between you or your affiliate and us or our affiliate, and the cost of the
appraisal, if any, against any payment therefor.
N.
You hereby acknowledge that all telephone numbers, internet addresses, and domain names
used in the operation of the Restaurant constitute assets of the Restaurant and will be used solely to identify
the Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement; and upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
you shall promptly assign to us or our designee, all of your right, title, and interest in and to your telephone
numbers, internet addresses, and domain names and shall promptly notify the telephone company or domain
registrar, as applicable, and all listing agencies of the termination or expiration of your right to use any
telephone numbers, internet addresses, and domain names and any regular, classified or other telephone or
website directory listing associated with the Marks and to authorize a transfer of same to us at our direction.
O.
You shall immediately (i) cease using or operating any Online Presence (including without
limitation any social media account) related to the Restaurant or the Marks, and (ii) take any action as may
be required to disable such Online Presence (including without limitation any social media account), or
transfer exclusive control and access of such Online Presence (including without limitation any social media
Account) to us, as we determine in our sole discretion.
P.

You shall comply with the covenants contained in Section 19 of this Agreement.

Q.
You shall comply with all other System Standards we periodically establish (and all
applicable law) in connection with the closure and de-identification of the Restaurant, including as relates
to disposing of Personal Information, in any form, in your possession or the possession of your employees.
R.
If you continue using the System or the Marks after termination or expiration of this
Agreement in violation of this Agreement, you will pay us Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per day
for each day you are in default, as a reasonable pre-estimate of the damages. Notwithstanding same, you
stipulate that damages from your continued use of the System or the Marks post-termination would result
in irreparable harm to us that could not adequately be compensated for by a money judgment. Therefore,
you stipulate to our right to injunctive relief in the event of any such post-termination continued use of the
System or Marks and as otherwise provided in Section 24.B.
24.

Miscellaneous.

A.
Security Interest. As security for the performance of your obligations under this
Agreement, including payments owed to us for purchase by you, you grant us a security interest in all of
the assets of the Restaurant, including but not limited to inventory, fixtures, furniture, equipment, accounts,
customer lists, supplies, contracts, cash derived from the operation of the Restaurant and sale of other assets,
and proceeds and products of all those assets. You agree to execute such other documents as we may
reasonably request in order to further document, perfect and record our security interest. If you default in
any of your obligations under this Agreement, we may exercise all rights of a secured creditor granted to

