Agreement is intended to make either party an agent, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee or servant
of the other for any purpose.
B.
You shall conspicuously identify yourself at the Premises and in all dealings with
franchisees, prospective franchisees, landlords, contractors, suppliers, public officials and others as the
owner of your own business under a franchise agreement with us, and you shall place such other notices of
independent ownership on such signs, forms, stationery, advertising and other materials, and in such places
and in such form, as we may require from time to time.
C.
You shall not employ any Mark in signing any contract, lease, mortgage, check, purchase
agreement, negotiable instrument or other legal obligation, or in any other manner, without our prior written
consent, or employ any Mark in a manner that is likely to result in our liability for any indebtedness or
obligation of you.

D.
Neither we nor you shall make any express or implied agreements, guaranties or
representations, or incur any debt, in the name of or on behalf of the other or represent that their relationship
is other than franchisor and franchisee, and neither we nor you shall be obligated by or have any liability
under any agreements or representations made by the other that are not expressly authorized hereunder, nor
shall we be obligated for any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the
operation of the business, whether or not caused by your negligent or willful action or failure to act.
E.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all decisions relating to
employees, agents, and independent contractors that you may hire to assist in the operation of the
Restaurant. You agree that any employee, agent or independent contractor that you hire will be your
employee, agent or independent contractor, and not our employee, agent or independent contractor. You
also agree that you are exclusively responsible for the terms and conditions of employment of your
employees, including recruiting, hiring, firing, training, compensation, work hours and schedules, work
assignments, safety and security, discipline, and supervision. You agree to manage the employment
functions of your Restaurant in full compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws.
F.
You agree, at your sole cost and at all times, to indemnify and hold us and our subsidiaries
and affiliates, together with each of their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents and
assignees, harmless against, and to reimburse them for, any loss, liability, taxes or damages (actual or
consequential) and all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
accountants’, attorneys’ and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other
litigation expenses and travel and living expenses incurred in connection with any judicial, administrative
or other action or proceeding (including bankruptcy, insolvency, debtor/creditor or similar proceedings),
suit, claim, demand, investigation, or formal or informal inquiry, regardless of whether any of the foregoing
is reduced to judgment) that any of them may suffer, sustain or incur by reason of defending any claim
brought against any of them or any action in which any of them is named as a party that arises from or is
related to your operation of the Restaurant or your activities related thereto or your activities under this
Agreement. We and each such other indemnified party may, in our discretion and at your expense, control
the defense of any claim against us or an indemnified party (including choosing and retaining our own legal
counsel), agree to settlements of claims against us or an indemnified party, and take any other remedial,
corrective, or other actions in response to such claims. This indemnity shall continue in full force and effect
subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
21.

Insurance.

A.
During the Term, you must maintain in force at your sole expense property coverage,
comprehensive general liability coverage (including products and completed operations), worker’s
compensation, business auto liability, and other types of insurance we require in the Confidential
Operations Manual or as otherwise set forth in writing, including without limitation insurance required by

