The extension fee does not apply to school lunch locations, satellite locations operating in locations other than nontraditional locations, or short-term satellite locations. These locations must be opened within the timeframes set forth
in the Franchise Agreement Rider and will have no right to any extension.
Note 2:
For certain non-traditional locations, you may need to sign a concession or subconcession agreement. If your restaurant
is a school lunch location, you may enter into the contract, license, or lease directly with the entity controlling the school.
Note 3:
You may experience delays and have higher costs if you seek approval to purchase directly from vendors or from
vendors not currently approved. Supply chain challenges and escalating raw material and freight costs have caused
material increases in the costs of Equipment, Furniture & Décor.
Note 4:
The purchase prices for these restaurants vary greatly in price. In 2024, we sold 139 restaurants ranging in price from
$1 to $56,500 and our affiliates sold 32 restaurants ranging in price from $1 to $26,798.78 USD. The purchase price
does not represent your total initial investment for these restaurants and may only the costs of existing physical assets,
such as leasehold improvements, equipment, signs, any security systems, inventory and supplies. You may have to
purchase, finance, required equipment that is not included in the purchase price. You may have to spend additional
money to bring the restaurant into compliance with the Operations Manual. We may offer incentives to franchisees
purchasing company- or affiliate-owned restaurants that we believe have below average sales. These incentives may
include but are not limited to: 1) financing by us or an affiliate for all or a portion of the purchase price at variable terms;
or 2) under certain conditions, an obligation in the purchase agreement for us or our affiliate to repurchase the restaurant
from the franchisee if the franchisee chooses to terminate the transaction. Under these circumstances, we or our affiliate
will not repurchase the restaurant unless it is in substantial compliance as defined in the Operations Manual and the
franchisee has maintained or exceeded the Average Unit Volume (AUV) of sales reported for the 12 months prior to our
or our affiliate's acquisition of the restaurant from the previous owner.
Note 5:
Additional hardware and services may be added to this base package as the program evolves and/or the technology
needs of the brand expand, which may result in additional costs. Additional packages at varying monthly rates may also
be offered in the future. These charges do not include the costs to obtain the payment terminal to process credit and
debit card payments as well as gift card and loyalty transactions, discussed below in this Item 5. Under the RTaaS
program, we may act as collection agents for HP and collect fees you owe through your pre-authorized account. You
will also be responsible for any costs you incur in connection with the transition from the current POS System you use
to the POS System you obtain under the RTaaS program. All POS software required as of the date you obtain your POS
System under the RTaaS program will be pre-installed on your POS System.
Note 6:
You must use the payment terminal and barcode reader we require for use with your POS System to participate in the
required Subway® Gift Card Program, Remote Ordering Program and integrated credit/debit, contactless and mobile
device payment options. Certain non-traditional locations are required to use an SVS issued/configured terminal for
processing gift card transactions only.
Development Program
If you participate in our multi-unit development program, with our approval, by executing a Development Agreement,
and one or more Franchise Agreements or Multi-Unit Franchise Agreements, you must pay a development fee equal to
the then-current standard initial franchise fee (or reduced initial franchise fee, if applicable), multiplied by the number
of restaurants to be developed in accordance with the development schedule under your Development Agreement. You
29

