4. POS SYSTEM. Under the Franchise Agreement, you are required to use an approved computer-based
point-of-sale system (the “POS System”), including software and hardware that we specify and are
compatible with our requirements to record and report sales and other designated business
information to us.
5. SOFTWARE. We approved certain software owned and/or licensed by our Affiliates (including, but
not limited to FWHT), for use in SUBWAY® restaurants. The “Software” means all software
applications, computer programs, mobile applications, online platforms, and computer code that we
make available or provide in connection with the POS System and includes, but is not limited to:
SubwayPOS® software, Dashboard, Menu Platform software (“Menu Manager”), SUBWAY® Payment
Manager software (“SPM”), Restaurant Management Portal (“RMP”), Team Access, real time
reporting and workforce management software (“SUBWAY LiveIQ®”), business intelligence
software (“Fresh Insights”), remote access and software deployment application (“Big Fix End
Management”), and anti-virus software Carbon Black, along with any and all future updates,
versions, enhancements, modifications, or replacements of or to any of the foregoing. Some
components of the Software may not be available in your country or location. You acknowledge that
certain components of the Software, including SUBWAY Live IQ®, Fresh Insights, Big Fix End
Management, and Carbon Black, are owned by various third parties (the “Third-Party Software”)
and are licensed to FWHT or its Affiliates under various license agreements. The Software also
includes certain associated documentation, including, but not limited to, the SubwayPOS® User
Manual, the Menu Manager User Manual, and related training videos and materials, which are
provided through the Subway® intranet website.
6. MODIFICATIONS TO AGREEMENT. We may update this Agreement from time to time, including,
without limitation, to keep pace with advances in technology, and you will be required to enter into
our then-current form of SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement in order to continue accessing
or using the Software. All updates to this Agreement will be effective immediately upon posting to
the Software or otherwise being made available to you and your continued access to and use of the
Software will constitute your acceptance of the modified SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement replaces any pre-existing SubwayPOS® End User
License Agreement you have entered into with us.
7. CREDENTIALS. You acknowledge and agree that you have been provided with a unique login and
password to access the Subway® intranet website and that the use of the login and password are
required in order to review and accept this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have not
shared, and will not share, this login and password with anyone, or that, if you have or do so in the
future, that each such person is authorized to accept this Agreement on your behalf as your agent
and that such person’s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes your acceptance of this Agreement.
8. GRANT OF LICENSE.
a. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, we grant you a limited, nontransferable and
nonassignable (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement), revocable,
nonsublicensable, nonexclusive license to access and use the Software solely on and for the POS
Systems in each of the Restaurants you operate and, in any event, in accordance with all related
documentation or restrictions posted on the Software or otherwise provided by Franchisor. This
license includes the right to download and install any Software components designated for
downloading or installing, but only on and for the POS Systems in each of the Restaurants you
operate.
b. Software licenses may not be shared or used concurrently on separate POS Systems. You
acknowledge that you are being granted a separate and distinct license for each Restaurant POS
System that you operate. The Software is licensed, not sold.
9. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES.
Page 2 of 22

