Please note that if you are a Subway® MVP Rewards or Subway Rewards® member,
requesting deletion may require the deletion of your account which, upon completion,
cannot be undone.
Object to Processing Your Personal Information. You may have the right to object to
us processing your information in certain circumstances.
Right to Opt-out. We do not sell personal information in exchange for money; however,
we do engage in targeted advertising, and some of our advertising practices on our
websites may be classified as sales or sharing under certain state laws. We do not sell
personal information of minors under the age of 16 for monetary or other valuable
consideration. In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing
of your personal information. You may submit a request by clicking Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information in the footer of our website and following the instructions.
Some browsers also allow you to tell websites not to share your information for crosscontextual behavioral advertising. To learn how to configure this setting, view here.
Selections are browser and device specific. To opt out of cross-contextual behavioral
advertising, you can also manage your selections Cookie & Ad Settings in the footer.
Additionally, residents of some states have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance
of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning your economic
situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or
movements. We do not engage in practices that qualify as profiling producing legal or
similarly significant effects under applicable state privacy law.
Data Portability. You may request the transfer of your personal information to you or a
third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your information in
a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Right to Appeal. If Subway rejects your request, you may have the right to appeal that
rejection within a reasonable time period. To do so, you can contact us as described in
the “How to Contact Us” section above.
Please note, not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in
all circumstances. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request because the law
permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We
will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under
applicable law.
How to Exercise Your Rights. You may exercise any of these rights, by submitting a
request using our webform here and following the instructions or emailing us at
privacy@subway.com. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to
exercise and the scope of the request. We may require specific information from you to
help us verify your identity and process your request, including your name, email
address, and country of residency. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny
your requests.
 Please note that Subway® restaurants are franchised and are independently
owned and operated. Their processing of personal information is subject to their

13

