exercise this right, you can contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section
above.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the
Swiss-U.S. DPF, these Subway entities commit to cooperate and comply respectively
with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs)
and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data
Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints
concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S.
DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If you have
questions or concerns about our processing of your personal information under the Data
Privacy Framework, you may contact us at privacy@subway.com. If you have not
received a timely or satisfactory response from us regarding your Data Privacy
Framework question or complaint, please contact the appropriate independent recourse
mechanism below:
If you are located in the EU - EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
If you are located in Switzerland - Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information
Commissioner (FDPIC)
 If you are located in the UK - Information Commission Office (ICO)
In some circumstances, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration as provided
for by the Data Privacy Framework Principles.



These Subway entities comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S.
DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. These
Subway entities have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to
the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard
to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United
Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S.
DPF. These Subway entities have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it
adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF
Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in
reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF
Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy
Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.

HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain your personal information as long
as (1) it is needed for the purposes for which we obtained it and in accordance with this
Privacy Statement or (2) we have another lawful basis, stated in this Privacy Statement
or at the point of collection, for retaining that information beyond the period for which it
is necessary to serve the original purpose for obtaining the personal information.

15

