an additional fee of $100
for each business day the
restaurant is not open for
business
Leasehold Improvement
Charge - $59,500 for a new
restaurant or a relocation of
your restaurant within
another Walmart location

is not open for business.

Architectural Fee - $4,500
for a new restaurant or a
relocation of your
restaurant within another
Walmart location or for an
expanded restaurant
constructed within a
Walmart store
Phone and Internet services
setup charge- $3,900
provided by Walmart’s
approved telecom vendor if
you are retrofitting an
existing space

Payable upon delivery of
the premises

Payable upon delivery of
the premises

Payable upon installation of
new telecom wires

Add to Note 1:
If your restaurant will be located within a Walmart store, you are required to offer additional snack menu items not
typically found in Subway® restaurants and participate in various snack programs. As of the date of this Disclosure
Document, you are required to offer an expanded menu of snack items. All sales from any snack items will be included in
gross sales.
Add to Note 6:
If your restaurant will be located within a Walmart store, you must enter into a Sub-Sublease with SRL for the premises. If
you are purchasing a franchise for an existing restaurant, you may be required to sign the legacy Sub-Sublease for which
differing fees are outlined in the chart above. Each month you will pay rent for your restaurant to TTTSM in accordance
with the terms of the Master Sublease and Sub-Sublease. The rent will be a set fee, which will be determined by the monthly
gross sales of your Restaurant. TTTSM may require a right of first refusal if you want to transfer your restaurant. SRL may
assess late payment fees and other costs arising from administration of the Master Sublease, and has the same rights as
TTTSM on default to charge you for certain fees, to carry out repairs, and to recover costs.
If you sign the new Sub-Sublease tied to a new location/relocation, you must make an advance payment in the amount of
$10,000, of which $8,500 may be refunded upon successful opening of the applicable premises on or before the approved
Rent Commencement Date. The remaining non-refundable $1,500 constitutes the non-refundable advance payment and
placement fee due under the Sublease Agreement. SRE will make payment to TTTSM with the above-referenced funds
once they have been received.
If your restaurant is co-branded, you will pay rent separately for the other concept in accordance with the terms of the Master
Lease. If you discontinue operating the third party franchisor’s concept currently operating at your co-branded Walmart
location, your Master Sublease may require you to operate a Replacement Concept, which has been approved by us. There
will be additional costs associated with the construction and operation of the Replacement Concept.
If you are purchasing through a transfer a Walmart location that is currently operating under a Sub-Sublicense that was
recently renewed, you will pay to TTTSM a rent each month.

3

