27. GENERAL.
a. Notice; Electronic Communications. Any notice permitted or required to be provided under
this Agreement must be provided in accordance with the Franchise Agreement’s notice
requirements. Please print or otherwise save a copy of this Agreement and all notices, consents,
and other communications for your reference.
b. Compliance; Audit. We reserve the right to take steps we believe are reasonably necessary or
appropriate to enforce or verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Franchisor and its designated representatives may audit, examine,
and make copies of data, documents, information, and other records in your possession or control
that relate to or concern the Software in order to determine your compliance with this Agreement
and the Franchise Agreement.
c. Feedback. Franchisor welcomes comments regarding the Software. If you submit comments or
feedback regarding the Software, they will not be considered or treated as confidential. We may
use any comments and feedback that you send us in our discretion and without attribution or
compensation to you except as may be prohibited by law.
d. Governing Law. This Agreement is and will be governed by and construed in accordance with
the body of law that governs the Franchise Agreement as stated therein. This Agreement will not
be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods,
the application of which is expressly excluded. Jurisdiction and venue is exclusively as stated in
the Franchise Agreement.
e. Dispute Resolution. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Franchise
Agreement, any controversy or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Software
will be settled in accordance with the terms of the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the
Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, any terms requiring arbitration or mediation,
any terms prohibiting you from seeking damages or remedies from or against any party other
than us or our successors or assigns, and any terms requiring you to pay our or our Affiliates’
costs and legal fees for breaching these or any other requirements.
f. Injunctive Relief. You agree that your breach of this Agreement’s use restrictions or violation or
our intellectual property or proprietary rights in and to the Software, as well as any unauthorized
distribution, duplication, or other reproduction of all or any part of the Software (including but not
limited to translated parts provided to you by the Franchisor Parties) or your failure to protect the
Software, would cause irreparable harm to us and monetary damages would be insufficient to
remedy that harm. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
in the event of any such actual or threatened breach or violation, we will be entitled to injunctive
relief in any court having jurisdiction, without the need to post bond, prove damages, or meet any
similar requirement, as well as any other remedies available at law or at equity, and any limitations
on your liability in the Franchise Agreement will not apply.
g. Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement does not confer any rights, remedies, or benefits
upon any person other than you and Franchisor, except that our Affiliates are third-party
beneficiaries of this Agreement.
h. Language. This Agreement is in the English language, which will control in all respects. No
translation of this Agreement into any other language will be given any force or effect to interpret
this Agreement unless required by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Restaurant is located.
i. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, that provision will be ineffective in that jurisdiction to the extent of the invalidity or
unenforceability, without invalidating any other provision of this Agreement.
Page 11 of 22

