Obligation

Section in Agreement

Item in
Disclosure
Document

service purchases
m. Maintenance, appearance AR Para. III.; CON Schedule Para. 10.; CON Exhibit C and Exhibit I
and remodeling
requirements
n. Insurance
AR Para. VI. and CON Exhibit C, and Exhibit F
o. Advertising

AR Para. V.; CON Schedule; CON Exhibit A Exhibit C and Exhibit D.

p. Indemnification
q. Owner's participation/
management/staffing
r. Records and reports
s. Inspections/audits
v. Post-termination
x. Dispute resolution

AR Para. VI. and CON Exhibit A.
AR Para. V. and CON Exhibit B, Exhibit Cand Exhibit D.
AR Para. V., CON Exhibit C and Exhibit G
AR Para. V., CON Exhibit A,Exhibit C, and, Exhibit D.
AR Para. VIII., CON Exhibit C and Exhibit I.
CON Exhibit A.

Items 11 and
17
Items 6, 7, and
8
Items 6, 7 and
11
Items 6 and 7
Items 11, 15
and 19
Item 6
Items 6 and 11
Items 6 and 17
Item 17

Item 10
FINANCING
Item Financed

Source

Down
Payment

Amount
Financed

Term

Interest
Rate

Monthly
Payment

Prepay
Penalty

Security
Required

Liability Upon
Default

Contract for
AAFES Location
(Us)
Note 2

Us

Varies- See
Fee Deposit in
Item 6

Varies

10 years

N/A

Varies,
typically 811%

N/A

*See Down
Payment

*Default under FA
*Costs and legal
fees

Loss of Legal
Right on
Default
Lose right to
enforce FA

Note 4. If your restaurant will be located at an AAFES location, you will not sign a sublease. Instead, we will enter
into a Contract with AAFES, and you will enter into a subcontract with us for the right to establish a Subway®
restaurant from the location. The subcontract will be in the form of the AAFES Rider to the Franchise Agreement,
which amends the standard form of Franchise Agreement. The Contract between us and AAFES, as amended by any
modifications of contract, delivery orders or task orders (collectively the “Modifications of Contract”), is attached to
the AAFES Rider and is specifically incorporated into the Franchise Agreement. The Contract may be amended
through additional Modifications of Contract throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement, and you are required
to abide by any such modifications to the Contract as they are issued throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.
You should carefully review the Contract, including any Modifications of Contract, and you may want to do so with
a lawyer or other professional advisor.
Under the Franchise Agreement, as amended by the AAFES Rider, the costs and obligations of the Contract are
passed through to you. You will pay AAFES a deposit upon award of the Contract or the award of a follow-on
Contract. The amount of the deposit will vary depending on, among other things, the size and location of the
restaurant, but it is typically calculated by multiplying AAFES’ estimated monthly sales for the location times the
monthly fee percentage and then, if applicable, dividing that amount by 2. The deposit may be refunded to you upon
the termination or expiration of the Contract, less any amounts owed to AAFES. When you commence construction
of the restaurant or renovate the restaurant, you may be required to post a bond equal to 100% of the construction
costs. You will also pay AAFES monthly fee equal to a percentage of gross sales of the restaurant, as well as other
charges. The monthly fee may increase upon renewal or extension of the Contract or upon the award of a follow-on
Contract. AAFES may assess late payment fees. You will bear the cost of sales and use tax, gross receipt taxes,
registration fees, and similar amounts applicable to the Contract. Our grant of a subcontract to you does not relieve
us from our obligations under the Contract.
Either party may terminate the Contract for the location upon 90 days written notice.
6

