who are bound in writing by confidentiality obligations sufficient to protect the confidentiality
of the Personal Data in accordance with the terms of this DPA and the Agreement.
3.

Subprocessors
3.1 Each party is hereby generally authorized by the other party to engage any Subprocessor,
provided that, with respect to any and all Subprocessors, such party will:
3.1.1. carry out adequate due diligence to ensure that each Subprocessor is capable of
meeting the requirements set forth in this DPA, and provide evidence of such due
diligence if requested by the other party or by a Regulator;
3.1.2. enter into a written agreement with each Subprocessor imposing obligations no less
protective of Personal Data than those imposed under this DPA and applicable Data
Protection Laws; and

4.

Rights of Data Subjects
4.1 To the extent Franchisor, in connection with any Processing under the Agreement or this DPA
of Personal Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data, does not have the ability to
correct, amend, block or delete Personal Data, or to comply with any other Data Subject’s
rights, as required by Data Protection Laws, then Franchisee, at its own costs and expense,
shall comply with any commercially reasonable request by Franchisor to facilitate such actions
to the extent Franchisee is legally permitted to do so. In the event that Franchisee is not
required to comply with any such request from Franchisor pursuant to Data Protection Laws,
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor in writing at privacy@subway.com of its
intention not to comply with the request and the specific reason for such non-compliance.
4.2 Franchisee shall, to the extent legally permitted, promptly (and in no event later than within
24 hours) notify Franchisor at privacy@subway.com if it receives a request from a Data
Subject for access to, correction, amendment or deletion of that person’s Personal Data. For
Personal Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data, Franchisee shall not respond to any
such Data Subject request without the prior written consent of Franchisor except to confirm
that the request relates to Franchisor. Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with commercially
reasonable cooperation and assistance, at Franchisee’s own cost and expense, in relation to
handling of any such Data Subject’s request related to that individual’s Personal Data, to the
extent legally permitted and to the extent Franchisor does not have access to such Personal
Data.

5.

Deletion or Return of Personal Data
5.1 At any time during the Term of the Agreement at Franchisor’s request, or upon the termination
or expiration of the Agreement for any reason, Franchisee will, and will instruct all of its
Subprocessors to, promptly or in any event within sixty (60) calendar days of the effective
date of termination (a) return to Franchisor all copies of Personal Data (other than Your
Employees’ Personal Data) in its possession, or the possession of such Subprocessor, or (b)
delete and procure the deletion of all other copies of such Personal Data Processed by
Franchisee or any of its Subprocessors. Franchisee will comply with all reasonable directions
provided by Franchisor with respect to the return or deletion of such Personal Data.
5.2 Notwithstanding Section 5.1 above, Franchisee may retain such Personal Data if required by
applicable Data Protection Laws, but only to the extent and for such period as required by
such legal requirement. Franchisee will notify Franchisor in writing if it believes that such a
legal requirement exists. If required by law to retain any such Personal Data, Franchisee will
continue to ensure the security and confidentiality of such Personal Data and only Process
such Personal Data as necessary for the purpose specified in the applicable Data Protection
Laws requiring such storage.
Page 16 of 22

