WLR Paragraph II

If you sign the Walmart Location Rider, the term is 20 years, but if we or
SRL cannot offer you a Sub-Sublease for the restaurant or we disapprove
the location within 1 year after the franchise purchase, the Walmart
Location Rider will automatically terminate and the franchise will be
deemed a standard franchise. We will terminate the franchise and refund
the franchise fee provided you send us prior written notice no later than 60
days after termination of the Walmart Location Rider.

Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item b. Renewal or extension of the term:
Walmart Sub-Sublease, Exhibit You may have the option to extend your Sub-Sublease for two (2)
B Article III.2
additional periods of five (5) years each (an “Extension Option”),
subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease and this Master
Amended and Restated Attachment A. To exercise or decline the
Extension Option, you must provide us written notice of your intent to
either renew or not renew at least one hundred and eighty (180) days
prior to the date that Sub-Sublandlord must provide notice to TTTSM
of its intention. TTTSM also reserves the right to decline renewal by
providing written notice within the same timeframe.
Legacy Walmart Sub-Sublease

You may have an option to extend your Sub-Sublease for an additional
5 year period upon expiration of the initial term of your Sub-Sublease.
If Walmart elects to terminate your Sub-Sublease at any time during this
period without cause or because the Capture Rate of your restaurant is
at or below 3.5%, Walmart will reimburse you for the unamortized
capital expended to remodel your restaurant, including any
improvements and/or fixture/equipment upgrades (the “Extension
Option Reimbursement”). You will not be reimbursed for any small
ware upgrades and/or capital leases signed. In order to qualify for the
Extension Option Reimbursement, the capital must have been expended
within 9 months (either before or after) of the first day of the 5-year
extension period. Amortization shall occur on a straight-line basis over
the first 24 calendar months (calculated in no less than monthly
increments) of the 5-year extension period, regardless of when capital
is actually placed in service.

Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item d. Termination by franchisee:
Walmart Sub-Sublease, Exhibit You may terminate the Sub-Sublease by providing TTTSM written
B Article III.5
notice at least ninety (90) calendar days in advance. Upon termination,
you must pay TTTSM a termination fee equal to six (6) months’ Rent,
based on the average Rent paid over the previous twelve (12) months.
You must surrender the premises in broom clean condition no later than
five (5) business days before the Expiration Date or Tenant Termination
Date. At that time, you must dis-identify the Restaurant. If any
perishable items remain on the premises more than five (5) business
days after the termination date, you will be charged an additional fee of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000), in addition to any applicable Tenant
Termination Fee and Holdover Rent under the Master Lease.
Legacy Walmart Sub-Sublease

If you are purchasing a franchise for a Walmart location through a
transfer that is currently operating under a recently renewed SubSublicense, you will have the option to terminate the Sub-Sublicense at
7

