MN DAL 04/25 Amended 12/25

ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR MINNESOTA
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as Required
by the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, as amended September 4, 2025, and amended December 1,
2025 (the “Franchise Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”).
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed with the franchise
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Add the following after the last sentences for entries e.-h.:
Minnesota Law provides franchisees with certain termination and nonrenewal rights. Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd.
3,4,5 require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given ninety (90) days of notice of termination (with
sixty (60) days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry u.:.
According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 2860.4400, subd. D "it shall be unfair and inequitable for any person to: require a
franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed
by Minnesota Statutes 1973 Supplement, sections 80C.01 to 80C.22; provided, that this part shall not bar the voluntary
settlement of disputes. This section shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for
in Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts in
Minnesota.”
Add the following after the last sentence in entry v.
This section shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for in Minnesota Statutes
1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts in Minnesota.
EXHIBIT A
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Add the attached Franchise Agreement Addendum.

1

