Pre-Opening Obligations.
1. Initial training, at times and locations we designate (Franchise Agreement and MUFA Section 6, Franchise
Agreement Rider Section I.C, II.C, II.E, IV.F, IX).
2. Approval of the location of your restaurant. Under the Franchise Agreement, you must operate your
restaurant only at a single site of which you and we both approve. You have sole responsibility for finding a location.
You may not be able to locate in a territory we grant to a franchisee with limited exclusivity rights. We will not
unreasonably withhold approval of a location you find. You must submit a location approval request describing the
proposed location. We will accept or reject the location within a reasonable time, providing reasons if we reject the
location. We have a site review procedure conducted at our sole option to address concerns regarding the positioning
of restaurants. Depending upon the results of the procedure, we may approve or disapprove a location or suspend
development. Our approval is not a guarantee of your success at the location. We consider the potential guest base in
the area when deciding whether to approve the location. Other factors we consider in site evaluation include traffic
patterns, proximity to strong population back-ups, visibility, and parking. In evaluating a site for a satellite location, we
also consider proximity of a proposed satellite restaurant to the Base Restaurant to allow proper servicing of the satellite
restaurant. See Franchise Agreement and MUFA, Section 4; Franchise Agreement Rider Section I.C, II.D IV.F, V, VI).
3. If you do not own an approved site or lease an approved site directly, then we provide assistance in the
negotiation of a lease, sublease, license, or sublicense by our affiliate leasing company after you confirm the restaurant’s
location by signing an Intent to Sublease (Exhibit E). After you sign the Intent to Sublease or Intent to Sublicense, our
leasing company affiliate assists us and you with negotiation of the lease or sublicense (as applicable) for your restaurant
and will sign the lease or license with the landlord or licensor (as applicable). You will then sign a Sublease or
Sublicense (as applicable) with our affiliate. The leasing and extension procedures vary or may not apply under our
programs for purchase of a specific location under the Franchise Agreement Rider. Our leasing affiliate may terminate
your Sublease if you breach the Sublease or materially breach the Franchise Agreement. See Franchise Agreement and
MUFA Section 4; Franchise Agreement Rider Section I.C, II.D IV.F, V, VI). If our affiliate leasing entity enters into a
license for the restaurant premises, you will be required to execute a Sublicense instead of a Sublease.
4. Standards and specifications for the layout, design, appearance, and equipment for your restaurant. See
Franchise Agreement and MUFA Section 5. The Operations Manual contains the standards and specifications.
5. A representative or Business Developer whom you may consult for advice and guidance concerning the
operation of your business, during their normal business hours. See Franchise Agreement and MUFA Section 6.
6. Use of the Operations Manual and other materials for the operation of your restaurant. See Franchise
Agreement and MUFA Section 9. The Operations Manual and other materials are strictly confidential and their use is
subject to Section 15 of the Franchise Agreement and MUFA.
The typical length of time between the time you sign the Franchise Agreement, we approve your location, and you open
your business is 2 to 12 months. The factors that affect this time usually include difficulty of obtaining a satisfactory
site; ability to obtain a lease, financing, or building permits; zoning and local ordinances; weather conditions; shortages;
delivery and installation of equipment, fixtures, and signs; and your timetable.
Obligations After Opening. During the operation of the franchised business we will provide:
1. A representative or Business Developer whom you may consult for advice and guidance during their normal
business hours. See Franchise Agreement and MUFA Section 6.
2. A program of assistance, including: (a) periodic consultations with our representative or Business Developer
in a location we designate and (b) written materials with new developments and techniques. See Franchise Agreement
and MUFA Section 6.
Advertising Programs. We develop advertising programs and materials to promote the Subway® brand. We create
advertising programs designed to build restaurant sales and profits, promote the system’s identity, and produce
advertising materials for use by Subway® restaurant owners.
64

