any laws. You also agree to comply fully with the standards for third-party ordering and delivery services
as established by us from time to time, including, but not limited to: using such food containers, thermal
bags or other storage devices we may designate to the Third-Party Delivery Provider or you; providing such
amount of additional condiments, napkins and utensils as we deem appropriate; sealing the delivery bags
with the appropriate tamper-evident sticker or other approved methods; and ensuring the food safety, quality
and temperature maintenance of sandwiches and other food products. You are solely responsible for
maintaining adequate insurance to cover any liability that may arise from the use of Third-Party Delivery
Providers (or other delivery methods) for Delivery Activities from your Restaurant and comply with our
requirements for such insurance.
D.
Unless approved in advance in writing by us, you will not: (a) advertise, promote or make
any media statements about any Third-Party Delivery Provider; or (b) purport to authorize or consent to
any Third-Party Delivery Provider to advertise or promote its own products or services using any of the
Marks.
E.
We reserve the right to periodically designate Third-Party Delivery Providers in our sole
judgment. If you want to use a Third-Party Delivery Provider that we have not yet approved, you must first
submit the name of such proposed Third-Party Delivery Provider and other sufficient information for us to
evaluate whether the Third-Party Delivery Provider meets our criteria. We may condition our approval of
a Third-Party Delivery Provider on such provider agreeing to provide periodic delivery sales reports directly
to us and such other requirements relating to reliability, consistency, standards of service (including prompt
attention to complaints) and/or other criteria, and may not use the Third-Party Delivery Provider absent our
written consent. We may receive fees from Third-Party Delivery Providers in return for designating them
as approved or designated for Subway® Restaurants and may negotiate with them for our benefit or that of
Subway® Restaurants. We reserve the right periodically to revoke our approval of any Third-Party
Delivery Provider that does not continue to meet our criteria. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree
that we may limit the number of Third-Party Delivery Providers with whom you may deal, designate ThirdParty Delivery Providers that you must use, and/or refuse any of your requests for any reason, including if
we have already designated an exclusive Third-Party Delivery Provider for the System or if we believe that
doing so is in the best interests of the System.
F.
You agree to grant us access to, or otherwise collect and report in the form and manner
desired by us, all operational, financial and other information concerning the Delivery Activities provided
from your Restaurant, including, but not limited to, all Gross Sales, transactions and guest count data,
product mix, service time data and financial results. We will have permission to access Gross Sales, guest
count, and other operational data, including, without limitation, staffing and customer satisfaction data from
the relevant Third-Party Delivery Provider and your Restaurant.
G.
You may not establish “ghost kitchens” (separate facilities for food preparation, typically
for preparation of delivery orders) without our prior, written approval, and if we grant such approval then
you must comply with any and all guidelines that we may establish and modify from time to time.
12.
Modification of the System. You recognize and agree that from time to time we may change or
modify the System, including the adoption and use of new or modified trade names, trademarks, service
marks or copyrighted materials, new menu items, new products, new equipment or new techniques and that
you will accept, use and display for the purpose of this Agreement any such changes in the System, as if
they were part of this Agreement at the time of execution hereof. Within the timeframes that we may
reasonably require, you will make such expenditures as such changes or modifications in the System as we
may reasonably require, including but not limited to repairs, upgrades and remodels. You shall not change,
modify or alter in any way the System without our prior written consent. You will be provided with
reasonable notice of any material updates or changes to the System or the Confidential Operations Manual.
13.

Fees and Contributions.

