3.1

Rent. Sub-Subtenant agrees to pay to TTTSM the base rent amount indicated on Exhibit C (the
“Base Rent”), to be due and payable in monthly installments in advance on the first day of each
month during the Term of this Sub-Sublease. If no Base Rent is included on Exhibit C, then SubSubtenant shall make all rental payments directly to TTTSM in the manner set forth in the Master
Sublease. The first monthly installment of the Base Rent shall be due on the Commencement
Date, or at the time provided in the Master Sublease. If this Sub-Sublease shall commence on
any day other than the first day of a calendar month, the monthly installment for the first and last
month of the Term shall be prorated.

3.2

Additional Charges. Sub-Subtenant shall pay to TTTSM monthly one percent (1%) of gross
sales of the restaurant from the grand opening date of the restaurant to two years from the grand
opening date, and then one point twenty-five percent (1.25%) per month thereafter through the
Term (the “Management Fee”). Sub-Subtenant and Sub-Sublandlord agree that the rent accruing
under this Sub-Sublease shall be net to Sub-Sublandlord and that all taxes, costs, common area
maintenance fees, Management Fees, expenses and charges of every kind and nature (the
“Additional Charges”) relating to the Premises or payable under the Master Lease or Master
Sublease that may arise or become due during the Term or any extension of this Sub-Sublease,
shall be paid by Sub-Subtenant to Sub-Sublandlord or its designee (which may be Master
Landlord or TTTSM), and that Sub-Subtenant shall indemnify and save harmless SubSublandlord from and against them. All Additional Charges that Sub-Subtenant assumes or
agrees to pay under any provisions of this Sub-Sublease, together with all interest and penalties
that may accrue on these Additional Charges in the event Sub-Subtenant fails to pay them, as
well as all other damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’
fees and other legal and court costs that Sub-Sublandlord may incur in enforcing this SubSublease, and any and all other sums that may become due by reason of Sub-Subtenant’s default
or failure to comply with its obligations under this Sub-Sublease, shall be deemed to be
“Additional Rent”. The Base Rent and Additional Rent shall collectively be referred to herein
as the “Rent”. In the event of non-payment of Rent in any form, Sub-Sublandlord shall have all
rights and remedies provided herein.

3.3

Method of Payment. Sub-Subtenant must make all payments to Sub-Sublandlord or its designee
(which may be Master Landlord or TTTSM) by the method or methods that Sub-Sublandlord
requires from time to time. Sub-Subtenant shall make any payment required under this SubSublease directly to Sub-Sublandlord, its designee (which may be Master Landlord or TTTSM),
its affiliate(s), or to a bank or such other financial institution account that Sub-Sublandlord
specifies, at the times and with the frequency that Sub-Sublandlord designates (or as provided in
the Master Sublease if Sub-Sublandlord makes no such designation), by electronic funds transfer,
on-line banking, pre-authorized auto-draft arrangement, or such other means as Sub-Sublandlord
may specify from time to time. For each account in which Sub-Subtenant conducts business at
any time during the Term, Sub-Subtenant agrees to execute an ACH Automatic Withdrawal
Authorization and to keep it effective throughout the Term; and Sub-Subtenant authorizes SubSublandlord to withdraw monies from each such account in the amounts and at the times provided
in this Sub-Sublease and any other agreement between Sub-Subtenant and Sub-Sublandlord or
its affiliate(s). Sub-Subtenant hereby indemnifies Sub-Sublandlord and holds Sub-Sublandlord
harmless under each ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization. Sub-Subtenant consents to
Sub-Sublandlord’s directly transacting business with each bank and financial institution with
which Sub-Subtenant has an account to effectuate fully the terms of each ACH Automatic
Withdrawal Authorization. Sub-Subtenant shall furnish Sub-Sublandlord, its bank, or other
financial institution, and any other recipient of payment with such information and authorizations
as may be necessary to permit such persons to make withdrawals by electronic funds transfer,
4

