7.2

7.3

With Notice. You will be deemed to be in default and we may, at our option, terminate this Agreement and
all rights granted hereunder without affording you any opportunity to cure the default, effective immediately
upon the delivery of our written notice to you, upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
7.2.1

You fail to meet your obligations under the Development Schedule;

7.2.2

A Franchise Agreement for any Subway® Restaurant operated by you (or an Affiliate)
contemplated in the Development Schedule is terminated; or

7.2.3

You (and one or more Affiliates, if applicable) is in breach of your or its Franchise Agreement(s)
on three (3) or more occasions in any twelve (12)-month period, regardless of whether such
breaches are under the same Franchise Agreement and whether such breaches are cured.

With Notice and Ten Day Opportunity to Cure. Upon the occurrence of any of the following events of
default, we may, at our option, terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to you of termination,
stating the nature of the default, at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of termination; provided,
however, that you may avoid termination by immediately initiating a remedy to cure such default, curing it
to our satisfaction, and by promptly providing proof thereof to us within the ten (10) day period. If any such
default is not cured within the specified time, or such longer period as applicable law may require, this
Agreement will terminate without further notice to you, effective immediately upon the expiration of the
ten (10) day period or such longer period as applicable law may require.
7.3.1

If you fail, refuse, or neglect promptly to pay any monies owing to us or our affiliates when due;
or

7.3.2

If Developer fails to comply with applicable laws.

7.4

With Notice and Thirty Day Opportunity to Cure. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 7.1, 7.2 and
7.3, above, upon any other default by you of your obligations hereunder, we may terminate this Agreement
by giving written notice of termination to you, setting forth the nature of such default, at least thirty (30)
days before the effective date of termination; provided, however, that you may avoid termination by
immediately initiating a remedy to cure such default, curing it to our satisfaction, and by promptly providing
proof thereof to us within the thirty (30) period. If any such default is not cured within the specified time,
or such longer period as applicable law may require, this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder
(including but not limited to, the right to develop any new Subway® Restaurants) will terminate without
further notice to you effective immediately upon the expiration of the thirty (30) day period or such longer
period as applicable law may require.

7.5

Modification of Development Rights. In lieu of termination, we may modify the Development Schedule. If
we exercise any of these rights, we will not have waived our right to, in the case of future defaults, exercise
all other rights, and invoke all other provisions, that are provided in law and/or set out under this Agreement.

7.6

Damages. In addition to other remedies that we may have, if we terminate this Agreement as a result of
your default of this Agreement, you must pay to us all costs and expenses we may incur related to such
default and termination.

7.7

Effect of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will have no right to establish
or operate any Subway® Restaurants for which a Franchise Agreement has not been executed by us at the
time of termination.

5

