Delaware, and otherwise shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State where the Premises are located.
15.3 Successors. This Subconcession Agreement shall bind Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire
and their successors, heirs, assigns, administrators, and legal representatives, as the case may be.
15.4 Counterparts. This Subconcession Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and all
counterparts together shall be construed as one and the same document. Executed counterparts
of this Subconcession Agreement with signatures sent by electronic mail (i.e., in PDF format) or
signed electronically via DocuSign may be used in the place of original signatures of this
Subconcession Agreement. The parties intend to be bound by the signatures of the electronically
mailed or signed signatures and the delivery of the same shall be effective as delivery of an
original executed counterpart of this Subconcession Agreement. The parties hereby waive any
defenses to the enforcement of this terms of this Subconcession Agreement based on the form of
the signature or delivery thereof and hereby agree that such electronically mailed or signed
signatures shall be conclusive proof, admissible in arbitration and judicial proceedings, of the
parties’ execution of this Subconcession Agreement.
15.5 No Agency. The parties hereto agree that the business relationship created by this Subconcession
Agreement is solely that of Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire. Nothing contained in this
Subconcession Agreement shall make Subconcessionaire an agent, legal representative, partner,
subsidiary, joint venturer or employee of Subconcessionor. Subconcessionaire shall have no
right or power to, and shall not, bind or obligate Subconcessionor in any way, manner or thing
whatsoever, nor represent that it has any right to do so.
15.6 Time of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in every part of this Subconcession
Agreement.
15.7 Binding Effect. This Subconcession Agreement shall become immediately binding on the
parties to this Subconcession Agreement on the date the last party signs it, notwithstanding that
the Term of this Subconcession Agreement may commence upon a future date.
15.8 Headings. The table of contents preceding this Subconcession Agreement and the headings of
the paragraphs and subparagraphs are inserted solely for the convenience of reference and shall
not constitute a part of this Subconcession Agreement, nor limit, define or describe the scope or
intent of this Subconcession Agreement.
15.9 Joint and Several Liability. If Subconcessionaire consists of more than one person, each
individual’s liability under this Subconcession Agreement shall be joint and several.
15.10 Entire Agreement. This Subconcession Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Subconcession Agreement, and this
Subconcession Agreement shall not be modified, amended, altered or changed except by prior
written agreement signed by both parties. If any provision herein is invalid, it shall be considered
deleted from this Subconcession Agreement and shall not invalidate the remaining provisions.
15.11 Personal Guaranty. Subconcessionaire and each Owner must sign the Guaranty attached hereto
as Exhibit C as a condition to the effectiveness of this Subconcession Agreement (an “Owner”
is any owner of any interest, directly or indirectly, in Subconcessionaire.)
[THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

16

