ND DAL 04/25 Amended 12/25

ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR NORTH DAKOTA
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as Required
by the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, as amended September 4, 2025, and amended December 1,
2025 (the “Franchise Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”).
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Add the following after the last sentence in entry i.
Pursuant to North Dakota Law, it is unfair, unjust, and inequitable to require North Dakota Franchisees to consent to
termination penalties.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry q.
Pursuant to Section 9-08-06 of the N.D.C.C. covenants not to compete are unenforceable in the State of North Dakota.
Also, it is unfair, unjust and inequitable to require North Dakota Franchisees to consent to liquidated damages or
termination penalties.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry r.
Pursuant to Section 9-08-06 of the N.D.C.C. covenants not to compete are unenforceable in the State of North Dakota.
Also, it is unfair, unjust, and inequitable to require North Dakota Franchisees to consent to liquidated damages or
termination penalties.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry u.
Pursuant to North Dakota Law, it is unfair, unjust, and inequitable to require that North Dakota Franchisees must agree
to the arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the Franchisee's business.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry v.
Pursuant to North Dakota Law, it is unfair, unjust, and inequitable to require that North Dakota Franchisees must agree
to the arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the Franchisee's business or consent to the
jurisdiction of courts outside of North Dakota.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry w.
Pursuant to North Dakota Law, It is unfair, unjust, and inequitable to require that the applicable laws of a Franchise
Agreement be governed by the laws of a state other than North Dakota.
EXHIBIT A
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Add the attached Franchise Agreement Addendum.

1

