B.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that any Online Presence shall be deemed
“advertising” under this Agreement, and will be subject to, among other things, our written approval. In
connection with any Online Presence, you agree to the following:
1.
Before establishing the Online Presence, you shall submit to us a sample of the
Online Presence content, format and other information in the form and manner we may reasonably
require.
2.
approval.

You shall not establish or use the Online Presence without our prior written

3.
In addition to any other applicable requirements, you shall comply with our
standards and specifications for an Online Presence as prescribed by us in the Confidential
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. If required by us, you shall establish your Online
Presence as part of our Online Presence and/or establish electronic links to our Online Presence.
4.
If you propose any material revision to the Online Presence or any of the
information contained in the Online Presence, you shall submit each such revision to us for our
prior written approval.
C.
You may utilize social media accounts (such as Facebook® or Twitter®) or other Online
Presences only if approved by us in writing. If we approve the use of any Online Presence, you will develop
and maintain such Online Presence only in accordance with our guidelines, including our guidelines for
posting any messages or commentary. We may at any time revoke your rights to use any Online Presence
or require that you obtain our approval of any message that you intend to post prior to posting. We will own
the rights to each Online Presence. At our request, you agree to grant us access to each such Online
Presence, and to take whatever action (including signing assignment or other documents) we request to
evidence our ownership of such Online Presence, or to help us obtain exclusive rights in such Online
Presence.
D.
We will deposit the Advertising Contributions into the Subway Franchisee Advertising
Fund Trust (“SFAFT”) or such other marketing fund(s) as we shall designate from time to time. You
acknowledge Advertising Contributions will not necessarily benefit franchisees in any area in proportion
to the amounts they paid. We or our designee may negotiate programs and advertising contributions with
suppliers and specify that these advertising contributions be placed into a fund to be spent on advertising
and related expenses for the benefit of franchisees. Except as provided herein, such payments shall be
made in addition to and exclusive of any sums that you may be required to spend on local advertising and
promotion. The Advertising Contributions shall be used by us or our designee, as follows:
1.
We shall direct all advertising programs and have the right to determine the
creative concepts, materials and media used in such programs and the placement and allocation
thereof. You agree and acknowledge that the advertising programs are intended to maximize
general public recognition and acceptance of the Marks, patronage of Subway® Restaurants and the
Subway® brand and System generally, and that we and our designee undertake no obligation to
make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your Advertising Contributions,
or to ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from the placement of
advertising. We or SFAFT may create, modify or abolish franchisee advisory boards or councils
from time to time that serve solely in an advisory capacity with respect to the advertising programs
that we direct.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

17

