Laws inform Franchisor of that legal requirement before the relevant Processing of that
Personal Data.
1.4. Subject to Franchisee’s compliance with this DPA, Franchisor agrees to make Personal Data
available to Franchisee for the limited and specified purpose of the Agreement (including the
Franchise Agreement as referenced therein) as contemplated by this DPA. The subject-matter
and details of Franchisee’s Processing (including the duration of the Processing, the nature
and purpose of the Processing, the types of Personal Data and categories of Data Subjects)
are set forth in Exhibit 2 attached to this DPA.
1.5. Franchisor hereby instructs Franchisee to Process Personal Data (for clarity, not including
Your Employees’ Personal Data) for the following purposes: (i) Processing in accordance with
the Agreement and Exhibit 2; and (ii) Processing to comply with other reasonable
instructions provided by Franchisor where such instructions are consistent with the terms of
the Agreement and comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws. Franchisor reserves the
right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Franchisee Processes such
Personal Data in a manner consistent with Franchisor’s obligations under Data Protection
Laws, including without limitation, the right upon notice to stop and remediate any
unauthorized Processing of Personal Data.
1.6. The Parties acknowledge that Franchisor is a Controller with respect to certain Personal Data
under this DPA and a Processor with respect to certain other Personal Data under this DPA,
as set for in Exhibit 2. To the extent that Franchisee is a Controller of Personal Data (as set
forth in Exhibit 2), Exhibit 1 applies only for such Personal Data for which Franchisee is a
Controller.
1.7. Personal Data will be compiled from the Data Subject sources set forth in the Agreement and
in Exhibit 2.
1.8. Personal Data shall include the categories of Personal Data identified in the Agreement and
in Exhibit 2 by the parties prior to Processing.
1.9. For all Personal Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data, Franchisee will not:
1.9.1. process, transfer, modify, amend, or alter the Personal Data or disclose or permit the
disclosure of the Personal Data to any third party other than in accordance with
Franchisor's documented instructions (whether in the Agreement or otherwise) unless
Processing is required by EU or Member State law or applicable Data Protection Laws to
which Franchisee is subject, in which case Franchisee shall to the extent permitted by
such law inform Franchisor of that legal requirement before Processing that Personal
Data;
1.9.2. “sell” or “share” (as those terms are defined by applicable Data Protection Laws) the
Personal Data; or
1.9.3. combine the Personal Data with personal data Franchisee receives from or on behalf
of another person or entity or collects from its own interactions with a Data Subject
except, solely to the extent such data is Personal Data from a California consumer, to
perform a business purpose as defined in regulations adopted pursuant to Cal. Civ. Code
1798.185(a)(10).
1.10. For all Personal Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data, Franchisee shall (a)
immediately inform Franchisor whether any of its instructions related to Processing of the
Personal Data would imply a breach of the applicable Data Protection Laws; and (b) adopt
security, technical and administrative measures able to protect the Personal Data from
unauthorized accesses and accidental or unlawful situations of destruction, loss, alteration,
communication or any type of improper or unlawful Processing.
2.

Franchisee Personnel. For all Personal Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data,
Franchisee will ensure that access to the Personal Data is limited to those of its Affiliates,
employees, agents, and subcontractors who (a) have a need to know or otherwise access the
Personal Data to enable Franchisee to perform under the Agreement and this DPA, and (b)
Page 15 of 22

