franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current
Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether
their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited
exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of
our franchise network. Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network given the
products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the businesses that our affiliates and
their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your business. Because they are separate
companies, we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory,
customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.
Your franchise entitles you to operate only at and from one location you select and we approve. In limited circumstances,
due to difficulties in negotiating a lease with the landlord, the location you select may not be available to us or you and,
therefore, we will not provide approval for the location. In such an event, we may approve the landlord to operate at
that location. We will not grant you any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises
within a particular market area or contiguous areas.
You may solicit and accept orders for approved products offered in your restaurant which may compete with other
Subway® restaurants. You may use Internet couponing, billboards and point of purchase advertising materials as a
method of direct marketing, but only with our prior written approval prior to distribution.
If the lease for your Restaurant terminates without your fault, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise rendered
unusable without your fault, or if in our judgment there is a change in character of the location of the Restaurant
sufficiently detrimental to its business potential to warrant its relocation, we will grant permission for relocation of the
Restaurant to a location and site acceptable to us. Any such relocation shall be at your sole expense and we shall have
the right to charge you for any costs incurred by us, and a reasonable fee, in connection with any such relocation of the
Restaurant. We consider the same factors in evaluating any relocation site as we do in evaluating your initial site.
You have only 6 months to relocate and reopen a satellite restaurant under Part IV of the Franchise Agreement Rider. If
the satellite will be in operation for one year or less, you are not permitted to relocate the satellite restaurant under Part
IV of the Franchise Agreement Rider. If you purchase a school lunch franchise, you can relocate your restaurant only
within the same school or the same school district under Part II of the Franchise Agreement Rider. Under Section 24.H
of the Franchise Agreement, if the landlord terminates the lease or license (as applicable) for the premises and an
arbitrator or court determines you did not breach the Sublease or Sublicense (as applicable) but it was our fault or our
affiliate’s fault the landlord terminated the lease, then our obligation to you will be limited to the cost of your leasehold
improvements less depreciation using a 5-year life under the straight-line method. We will pay you this amount after
you relocate and reopen your restaurant. If the landlord terminates the lease and an arbitrator or court determines you
breached the Sublease or Sublicense or it was not our fault or our affiliate’s fault, then we will not have any obligation
to you relating to termination of the lease.
Item 13
TRADEMARKS
On June 20, 2024, in connection with the US Securitization Transaction, Subway US IP Holder entered into a license
agreement with us to use the System and the marks, and to license others to use the System and the marks to develop
Subway® restaurants in the US (the “IP License Agreement”). The IP License Agreement’s term is 99 years for which
we pay a royalty. Subway US IP Holder may terminate the IP License Agreement if we breach its terms and fail to cure
such breach within the applicable cure period, subject to the prior written consent of a control party related to the US
Securitization Transaction. In addition, the parties may agree to terminate the IP License Agreement, with or without
cause, if (a) the control party provides its prior written consent or (b) in the event of the issuance of additional notes in
connection with a subsequent secured financing transaction, if certain conditions with respect to those notes are satisfied.
If the IP License Agreement terminates, we must cease all use of the marks. Under the Franchise Agreement, we grant
you the right and license to use the name and mark Subway® which is owned by Subway US IP Holder, and other marks
we designate. The term “marks” means trade names, trademarks, service marks, and logos used to identify your
restaurant or the goods or services you offer. You may only use marks we designate for use with your restaurant, and
you may use them only in the manner we authorize and permit. The following is a list of the primary marks we may
74

