Systems at any time. You will not use, offer or sell to other franchisees any software applications or other
technology products or services that use the Marks or that we designate as proprietary, unless we approve
in writing.
8.

Intellectual Property.

A.
You acknowledge that our affiliate, Subway US IP Holder, is the owner of the Marks, and
your right to use the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement and is limited to the conduct of business
by you pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable standards, specifications, and
operating procedures prescribed by us from time to time during the Term. Any unauthorized use of the
Marks by you shall be a breach of this Agreement and an infringement of the rights of us and Subway US
IP Holder in and to the Marks. You acknowledge and agree that all usage of the Marks by you and any
goodwill established by your use of the Marks shall inure to the exclusive benefit of Subway US IP Holder
and us and that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon you. You
shall not, at any time during the Term or after its termination or expiration, contest the validity or
ownership of any of the Marks or assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of any
of the Marks. All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks apply to any additional trademarks,
service marks, and commercial symbols authorized for use by us after the date of this Agreement.
B.
You shall not use any Mark (i) as part of any corporate or trade name, (ii) as part of any
website, app, domain name, email address, social media account, user name, other online presence, other
digital platform or identification of yourself in any electronic medium of any kind (“Online Presence”),
except in accordance with our guidelines set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in
writing by us from time to time, (iii) with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or
symbols, (iv) in any modified form, (v) in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service,
or (vi) in any other manner not expressly authorized in writing by us, including without limitation in a
manner that degrades, diminishes, or detracts from the goodwill associated with the Marks, or which, in
our sole opinion, is scandalous, immoral, or satirical. You agree to give such notices of trademark and
service mark registrations as we specify and to obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as may
be required under applicable law. You may not use any Mark in advertising the transfer, sale, or other
disposition of your Restaurant or an ownership interest in you without our prior written consent. You shall
not use any of the Marks in any manner which has not been specified or approved by us in writing.
C.
You shall immediately notify us in writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to
your use of any Mark, and of any claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or any similar trade name,
trademark, or service mark of which you become aware. You shall not directly or indirectly communicate
with any person other than us, Subway US IP Holder, and our or their counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge, or claim. We and Subway US IP Holder shall have the right to take such action as
we and/or Subway US IP Holder deem appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation, U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office proceeding or other administrative proceeding arising out of such
infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Mark. You agree to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
our or Subway US IP Holder’s counsel, be necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the interests of
us or Subway US IP Holder in any such litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other
administrative proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain the interests of us and Subway US IP Holder
in the Marks.
D.
We agree to indemnify you against, and to reimburse you for, all damages for which you
are held liable in any proceeding in which your use of any Mark pursuant to and in compliance with this
Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual and our other written guidelines is held to constitute
trademark infringement, unfair competition or dilution, and for all costs reasonably incurred by you in the
defense of any such claim or in any such proceeding in which you are named as a party, provided that you

