Franchise:
EXHIBIT A-7
AAFES RIDER
This AAFES Rider (“Rider”) dated
(the “Effective Date”) amends
and supplements the Franchise Agreement of the same date including any Riders and any Addenda to the
Franchise Agreement (the "Franchise Agreement") between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, (“we” or “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”).
DAL and you may also be referred to herein as “party” or “parties”. The Franchise Agreement, as amended
by this Rider, will be called this “Agreement.” Capitalized terms used in this Rider that are defined in the
Franchise Agreement will have the meanings given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS
R.1. We entered into a negotiated contract with the Army and Air Force Exchange Service ("AAFES”) dated
(the "Contract"). The parties acknowledge and agree that the Contract may be further
amended during the term of the Contract to include certain modifications requested by AAFES through a
modification of contract, amendment or delivery/task order (the “Modification of Contract”). A copy of the
Contract, including any valid existing Modifications of Contract, is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit I.
The Contract, including any valid, existing Modifications of Contract and any future valid Modifications of
Contract, is incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
R.2. The Contract permits us to develop and operate, and subcontract others to develop and operate a Subway®
restaurant at a designated AAFES facility.
R.3. Subject to the terms of the Contract and this Agreement, by signing this Rider, we will subcontract the
development and operation of a Subway® restaurant at the designated AAFES facility to you on the following
terms and conditions.
R.4. From time to time the parties acknowledge that they may execute amendments to this Agreement to
acknowledge and agree to be bound by specific terms of certain Modifications of Contract, and you agree to
cooperate with us in good faith to execute any such amendments.
AGREEMENT
Acknowledging and agreeing to each of the Recitals above, which are added to the Recitals of the Franchise
Agreement and are herein incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any
provisions of the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise
Agreement as follows:
I.

You will pay AAFES a percentage of the total adjusted gross sales from the Restaurant as set forth in the
Contract on a monthly basis (the “Fee Payment”) as well as any other charges due to AAFES under the
Contract.
In the event that you fail to make any payment required under the Franchise Agreement or Contract, we may
make such payment on your behalf and you will reimburse us.
You will pay to us weekly, on the day of the week that we specify in writing, a reduced Advertising Contribution
as stated in the Key Contract Data page of your Franchise Agreement..

II.

During the term of this Agreement, we grant you: A subcontract under the Contract to develop and operate the
Restaurant at the designated AAFES facility.

