Upon termination of expiration of a license for a location under the License Agreement, all accounts must be settled
with NEXCOM within 15 days. All disputes under the License Agreement are subject to the Contracts Disputes Act
of 1978 and must be resolved in accordance with the procedures specified in the Act and License Agreement.
NEXCOM reserves the right to terminate the license or any individual Naval Exchange location included in the License
Agreement at any time. If NEXCOM terminates the license for your location, you may lose your investment in the
location. Your compensation from NEXCOM for termination is limited to the remaining unamortized value of
improvements for the balance of the term. If you default under the provisions of the License Agreement, including the
failure to pay monies owed to NEXCOM under the License Agreement, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
The leasing or extension procedures vary or may not apply under our programs for purchase of a specific location
or a non-traditional location under the Satellite Rider, Franchise Agreement Rider, School Lunch Rider, Specific
Location Rider, Short Term Satellite Rider, or the NEXCOM Rider. Under the NEXCOM Rider, you must open
the restaurant within the time provided in the License Agreement. We will not grant you any extensions.
All advertising you develop will be subject to the Governance Manual and must be approved by us, the ARB and/or
MRC prior to distribution as provided in the Operations Manual. You may be required to obtain approval from
NEXCOM as well, for any advertising material you develop. In any advertising materials that refer to NEXCOM,
you must include a statement that the advertising material was neither paid for nor sponsored, in whole or in part,
by NEXCOM.
Computer and Cash Register Systems:
You may be required under the License Agreement to receive approval from NEXCOM for any POS system
hardware and software you use in the restaurant.
Item 12
TERRITORY
If you have signed a NEXCOM Rider, provided you did not breach your Franchise Agreement or the License
Agreement, you may relocate the restaurant to another site if the license for the location expires or terminates. You
are responsible for paying all costs of the relocation and for the construction and opening of the new location. In
addition, if you are relocating to a non-Naval Exchange site, the NEXCOM Rider will be of no further force and
effect except the obligations of the License Agreement which continue after the termination or expiration of the
license for the location.
We issue franchises for cities or towns, except satellite, certain non-traditional, school lunch program, community
development program, location selection program and NEXCOM location franchises are issued for specific
identified locations.
You may also be required to obtain approval from NEXCOM for any such advertising materials.
If you establish the restaurant at a NEXCOM location, you assume the risks associated with base re-alignments
and/or closures which may reduce the number of available customers and decrease sales.
Item 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

8

