is Walmart. You will pay your rent/license fee directly to TTTSM in accordance with the Master Lease and Sub-Sublease
that you enter into with SRL. We and SRL have an interest in compensation that often may include, but is not limited to,
lost royalties, loss of market penetration, extended down time and other factors associated with the termination of the Master
Sublease, or the Sublease pertaining to an individual restaurant premises. You should read the Master Sublease, including
the Sublease, and the Sub-Sublease carefully.
The individuals who sign the Franchise Agreement must also sign the Sub-Sublease and are personally liable for payments
under the Sub-Sublease. If you default under the provisions of the Master Sublease, SRL may terminate the Sub-Sublease
on 10 days’ written notice, and you must surrender and leave the premises. See Sub-Sublease Sections 1 and 5. A default
of the Sub-Sublease is a default of the Franchise Agreement and we may terminate your Franchise Agreement. Conversely,
a default under your Franchise Agreement will be a default under your Sub-Sublease. See Sub-Sublease Section 8. In such
case, SRL may evict you if you do not leave. Any action to enforce SRL’s rights against you under the Sub-Sublease is not
considered an arbitrable dispute under the Franchise Agreement, and is not subject to the arbitration required under the
Franchise Agreement. You will remain liable for payment of the balance of the rent due under the Master Sublease and
Sublease, and you will be liable for attorneys’ fees and other legal and court costs SRL may incur in enforcing the SubSublease. See Sub-Sublease Section 8. SRL may charge you interest on all past due amounts at the rate provided in the
Master Sublease. See Sub-Sublease, Section 3.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Pre-Opening Obligations:
1. Initial training, at times and locations we designate (Franchise Agreement, Subparagraph 4.a., Walmart Location Rider,
Paragraph II.
Obligations After Opening:
Performance Covenants. Beginning on the third (3rd) anniversary of the rent commencement date and annually thereafter
during the lease term (including any extension option periods), you must meet a minimum Gross Sales threshold of three
hundred thousand dollars ($300,000) for the preceding twelve (12) months. If you do not meet this threshold, either Walmart
or TTTSM may terminate the Sublease without penalty or payment of a buyout fee or tenant termination fee.
Item 12
TERRITORY
If you relocate the restaurant to a location that is not within a Walmart store, the Walmart Location Rider will have no
further force or effect. You will abide by the terms of the Franchise Agreement without any modification by the Walmart
Location Rider.
Walmart locations are issued for specific identified locations.
If your restaurant will be located with a Walmart store, the Walmart store may offer sandwiches and/or submarines in the
deli or other area of the store that may compete with your restaurant.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Add the following at the end of the first paragraph of Item 17:
Walmart Location Rider (“WLR”) (Exhibit A-4), Walmart Sub-Sublease (Exhibit A-4-2 Sub-Sublease, including Exhibit
B Master Lease Agreement).
Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item a. Length of the franchise term:

6

