are prohibited from doing business with you under any anti-terrorism law enacted by the US Government, including but
not limited to the USA PATRIOT Act or Executive Order 13224; (vi) you are dismissed from the training program for
engaging in any conduct which is illegal or is injurious or prejudicial to the System, the Marks or goodwill; (vii) you
engage in any behavior which would present an imminent danger to the health and safety of an employee or
representative of DAL, its Affiliate or a BD; or (viii) you engage in intentional or negligent conduct which would
constitute an offense under applicable Anti-Corruption Law in relation to your operation of the Restaurant; or (xi) you
operate the franchised business in violation of laws, rules, or regulations intended to protect public health or safety.
After the second notice of a default, any subsequent default in the following twelve (12) month period will be good
cause for a final termination without providing you an opportunity to remedy the default, even if you remedy the
default.
IV. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, we will purchase from you, at the value of the price paid, minus
depreciation, all inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings purchased from us and our approved suppliers
under the terms of this Agreement or any other ancillary agreement which are reasonably required to operate the
franchised business (collectively referred to as “Items”). You must be in possession of all Items and able to deliver clear
title to them. Depreciation shall be based on a five (5) year life using the straight-line method. We are not required to
purchase any personalized Items. This provision shall not apply if: 1) you decline our bonafide offer to renew; 2) we
allow you to retain control of the Restaurant premises; 3) we completely withdraw from all franchised activity within
the geographic market of in which the Restaurant is located; or 4) all parties to this agreement mutually agree in writing
to terminate or not renew this Agreement. We will not be required to purchase any Items sold by you between the date
of the notice of termination and cessation of operation of your Restaurant. We will offset any amount owed to you under
this Subparagraph by any amount you owe to us under the terms of this Agreement. You will be responsible for our costs
to remove and transport the Items.
V. You may only transfer the Restaurant with this Agreement with our prior written approval provided: (i) you first
offer, in writing, to sell the Restaurant to us on the same terms and conditions offered by a bona fide third party purchaser,
we fail to accept the offer within thirty (30) days, and your purchase agreement meets our requirements; (ii) each
purchaser meets our written qualifications to purchase a franchise, which have been provided to you, and has been
otherwise approved by us to own a franchise; (iii) each purchaser passed our standardized test (if not already a Subway®
franchisee); (iv) each purchaser successfully completed our training program before the completion of the transfer, unless
we permit otherwise; (v) each purchaser receives the required disclosure document, signs the then current form of
Franchise Agreement which will amend and replace this Agreement and may contain terms, including financial terms,
that differ from this Agreement, and signs the then current form of the Sublease for the Restaurant; (vi) you pay in full
all money you owe us and our Affiliates for all your Subway® restaurants and you are not otherwise in default under this
Agreement; (vii) you pay us $7,500 (or $3,750 if you transfer to, or transfer by adding, your spouse or child) plus any
applicable Sales Tax for legal, accounting, training, and other expenses we incur in connection with the transfer; (viii)
you deliver a general release in favor of us, the BD and our Affiliates, and agents, representatives, shareholders, partners,
directors, officers, and employees of ours, of the BD and of our Affiliates, signed by you and each purchaser; (ix) you
transfer the Operations Manual for the Restaurant to the purchaser (on the date of transfer); and (x) at or prior to the time
of the transfer you bring the Restaurant into full compliance with our then-current standards set forth in the Operations
Manual. You must deliver to us by courier or receipted mail written notice of your desire to transfer the Restaurant with
this Agreement. The notice must include the name and address of each proposed purchaser, copies of all agreements
related to the transfer, and each purchaser’s application, financial disclosures, and any other additional information
necessary to evaluate their application. All transfer documents will be in English in a form satisfactory to us. Transfers
shall be approved or denied within (60) sixty days. We will not unreasonably withhold our consent to a transfer. If the
transfer is disapproved, you will receive written notice setting forth the reasons for disapproval.
A transfer is the sale or other conveyance of any portion of your rights under this Agreement to another party, including
the addition or removal of an individual from this Agreement. You may not sell more than one restaurant in the same
sale contract, unless we grant you written permission. You agree that the terms of sale will not include any real estate.
You acknowledge that we shall have no liability for any gain (or loss) from the sale or attempted sale of real estate
related to the Restaurant.
VI. Sections 25.A through 25.G of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

2

