EXHIBIT L
LITIGATION
We and our affiliates are sometimes named as parties to lawsuits brought by people who claim injury from eating,
working or being in a Subway® restaurant, even though the restaurant is owned and operated by a franchisee. The
franchisee and others are usually also named as parties in these cases. These lawsuits include claims arising from
cases of hepatitis or other illness which the customers claim they contracted at the restaurant, or from a death,
assault or personal injury which results from an accident (e.g., slip and fall), employment or a robbery or other
criminal act by a third party. We and our affiliates maintain insurance coverage against liability for these actions
and vigorously contest them. You are also required under your Franchise Agreement to maintain insurance against
these risks. See Item 14. We believe these types of lawsuits are ordinary routine litigation, covered by insurance,
and not material. We choose to disclose these matters to you generally to point out the types of lawsuits which
might arise from the operation of your restaurant and to stress to you the importance of maintaining adequate
insurance coverage. There have also been highly publicized cases recently where juries have found other
franchisors liable for injuries resulting from a franchisee's operations, and we believe you would like to be aware
that we, our affiliates and franchisees are sometimes sued because of events which occur at independently owned
and operated restaurants. Any references in the actions below to Doctor’s Associates Inc. or DAI, the prior system
owner, are deemed to refer to Doctor’s Associates LLC, which is Doctor’s Associates’ new name post conversion
from a corporation to a limited liability company pursuant to the internal corporate restructure project described
in Item 1 of this Disclosure Document (the “Restructure”). Additional entities referenced in this Exhibit also
changed their corporate status as part of the Restructure, as follows:
Entity
Subway Restaurants, Inc.
Subway Sandwich Shops, Inc.
Subway Real Estate Corp.

Name After Restructure
Subway Restaurants, LLC
Subway Sandwich Shops, LLC
Subway Realty, LLC
Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, ULC

Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, Ltd.

In addition, following the Restructure, DAL redomesticated from a Florida limited liability company to a
Delaware limited liability company, as described in Item 1. Any references below in this Exhibit to these entities
are deemed to refer to the entity’s new name post conversion as indicated in the list above.
A. Pending Actions:
1) Direction Régionale des Entreprises, de la Concurrence, de la Consommation, du Travail et de
l'Emploi (“DIRECCTE”) Plaintiff, v. Subway International, B.V. (“SIBV”) and Subway Realty of France
(“SROF”), Defendants. Plaintiff, a branch of the French government, claims that SIBV’s Franchise Agreement
contains invalid clauses under French law creating a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of
SIBV and its franchisees and asked, in 2016, the Paris Commercial Court, among other things, to: (i) declare
several clauses of the franchise agreement significantly imbalanced and annul them, (ii) order SIBV to cease these
practices, (iii) sentence Defendants to pay a fine of Euros 2 million and (iv) order the publication of the decision
in three French newspapers. About thirty franchisees and ex-franchisees decided to join the proceedings. After
issuing two preliminary rulings on May 28, 2019 and January 21, 2020, The court found on October 13, 2020 that
certain portions of the franchise agreement were significantly imbalanced and therefore null and void and needed
to be revised, and a fine of €500,000 was imposed, lower than the €2,000,000 that the DIRECCTE requested. On
January 15, 2021, SIBV and SROF filed an appeal against the preliminary rulings of 2019 and 2020 and the ruling
on the merits of October 13, 2020 with the Paris Court of Appeal. The appeal is pending.
On February 9 and 15, 2021, certain intervenor franchisees and ex-franchisees requested and obtained from the
Paris Commercial Court that it reopens the proceedings to rule on their claims for damages. SIBV and SROF filed
submissions to request that the stay of proceedings be maintained pending the final decision of the Paris Court of
Appeal on the appeal against the three aforementioned judgments. On July 6, 2021, the Paris Commercial Court
granted this request for a stay of proceedings. A hearing has been scheduled on April 24, 2024 before the Paris
Commercial Court to decide, once again, on the stay of proceedings, pending the decision of the Paris Court of
Appeal.
1

