Type of Fee

Amount
certain required online training
courses

Due Date

Remarks

Catering

None; unless you participate in
the online catering program
powered by ezCater in which
case a commission, equal to
approximately 5% for
ezOrdering or 13% for ezCater
Marketplace, of each catering
order will be charged plus
approximately 2.75% of each
catering order will be allocated
toward credit card processing

Payable weekly when a
guest places an order with
the call center or website to
be fulfilled by your
restaurant

Paid to a third party. See
Note 18

Restaurant Excellence
Visits Revisit Fee

$140.69 per revisit, subject to
increase by 3% per year

Varies

Paid to a third party. See
Note 20.

Monthly, as assessed

Paid to us or our affiliate to
cover our cost of noncompliance if you do not
comply with our
technology standards and
specifications, fail to return
hardware, fail to upgrade
systems, fail to allow
access in a timely manner,
install unauthorized
software, or attempt to
hack or circumvent our
software.

Effective January 1, 2026, the
Revisit Fee will increase to
$144.92 per revisit (subject to
increase by 3% per year).
Legacy Support Fee

$200 per month of
noncompliance

*The table above and the following notes are a general summary only. You can only obtain a full understanding of the
Subway® franchise system and the costs involved by reading all franchise documentation completely, and obtaining
independent legal, accounting, and business advice in relation to your proposed investment. Certain State and Federal
legislation may affect the respective rights and liabilities under the various agreements to which you and we are both
party. We may collect taxes from you that the law requires you or us to pay. These imposed fees are non-refundable,
except we may refund the transfer fee in limited circumstances. They are payable to us or to others as noted. These
fees are the same for all persons currently acquiring a franchise except as noted below.
Note 1. Royalty Fee. “Gross sales” includes all sales of every kind made from your restaurant. Gross sales do not
include any amounts you collect for state or local sales taxes. If your restaurant is in a non-traditional or school lunch
location and you are selling other items from the premises, the Franchise Agreement Rider may help define gross sales
subject to the royalty. The royalty is the same for all persons currently acquiring a franchise. If you are operating a nontraditional location at an Airport Terminal, Train Station, or Captive Travel Plaza, we may reduce your royalty rate.
These reduced rates will range from 6.5% to 8%. Certain multi-unit franchisees entering into a Development Agreement
with us may be eligible for reduced royalty rates ranging from 7.5% to 8%. The royalty is payable to us and is
38

