Note 23. Military Star Card. You are required to participate in MCCS’ Military Star Card Program and accept
payments made by guests using a Military Star Card. MCCS may charge you their then-current processing fee on all
transactions made using a Military Star Card, which is currently 2%.
Item 7
INITIAL INVESTMENT
If you establish your restaurant at a MCCS location under the License Agreement, your capital requirements may vary from
those stated in the chart above. You will have to abide by certain rules, regulations and policies applicable to operating
from a military base location which may increase your initial investment costs, including but not limited to, obtaining
security clearances and health screenings for you and your employees. You will be required to construct, equip and open
the restaurant to the specifications contained in the License Agreement in addition to the Operations Manual, which may
cause you to incur additional costs. The specifications included in the License Agreement, such as the requirement to
purchase all construction materials in accordance with the Buy American Act may cause costs for materials, construction,
and personnel to be higher. You may also be limited to using contractors, licensed plumbers, etc. specified by MCCS or a
related government entity in connection with certain repairs, upgrades and renovations for your restaurant which may
increase your costs. We may offer to provide financing of the franchise fee and certain leasehold improvements to
franchisees who purchase a franchise for a MCCS location. We may also guarantee third party equipment leases and loans
for these locations only.
Add to Note 2. Real Property:
You will not sign a sublease for your restaurant located at a MCCS location. Your right to occupy the restaurant premises
is provided under the License Agreement and the sublicense we grant to you under the MCCS Rider. You are responsible
for paying the monthly commission fee specified in the License Agreement. The monthly commission fee is a percentage
of the gross sales from the restaurant. It may increase upon renewal of the license for the restaurant location.
Add to Note 3. Leasehold Improvements:
MCCS may require you to upgrade the décor of your restaurant and/or renovate the location as a condition of the grant
of the license or license renewal or extension for the location. These costs could be substantial.
Add to Note 5. Insurance:
You must also purchase the insurance coverage specified in the License Agreement and any additional insurance
otherwise required by state law.
In addition, your policy must name all additional insureds required under the License Agreement, including all MCCS
Programs or any other government entity or related instrumentality specified in the License Agreement.
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Pursuant to the License Agreement, all food service equipment for MCCS locations must be approved by the National
Sanitation Foundation (NSF) and Underwriter Laboratories (UL). You must only use domestic construction material
as defined in the Buy America Act to construct or renovate and equip the premises in which the restaurant will be
located. This requirement may limit some of your choices in approved decor and construction materials required to
build-out the location as a Subway® restaurant. You may also be limited to using contractors, licensed plumbers, etc.
specified by MCCS or a related government entity in connection with certain repairs, upgrades and renovations for
your restaurant. You may be required to obtain MCCS’s approval on various products or sources of various products
you use or sell in the restaurant. You may not represent that products sold from your restaurant are approved or
endorsed by any element of the United States government.

4

