DOCTOR’S ASSOCIATES LLC
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
This Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement (this “Agreement”), made on the date shown on the cover
page hereof (the “Agreement Date”), by and between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company with a principal office in Shelton, Connecticut (“Franchisor”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), and
the party identified as Franchisee on the Signature Page at the end of this Agreement (“Franchisee”, “you”
or “your”).
1.

Background Information.

A.
Our affiliate, Subway US IP Holder LLC (“Subway US IP Holder”) is the owner of a
proprietary system for establishing and operating restaurants featuring sandwiches, pizza and salads under
our trade name and service mark, Subway®, which operate with a uniform business format, specially
designed equipment, methods, procedures, and designs (the “System”). The System includes the trademark
Subway®, other trademarks, trade names, service marks, commercial announcements (slogans) and related
insignia (logos) owned by Subway US IP Holder (the “Marks”). The System was developed spending
considerable money, time, and effort. The System also includes confidential information and goodwill.
Subway US IP Holder has granted us a non-exclusive license to use the System in the United States of
America and its territories to establish and sublicense others to establish and operate Subway® restaurants
(“Subway® Restaurants”). Subway® Restaurants are operated by persons meeting our qualifications to
whom we have granted franchises.
B.
You have applied for the right and obligation to operate the Subway® Restaurants set forth
on Exhibit B utilizing the Marks, each solely at the applicable Approved Location (as defined below)
described in this Agreement. Such application has been approved by us in reliance upon all of the
representations made within it being true, correct and complete including, without limitation, your
ownership. You desire to operate the Subway® Restaurants under the System and wish to obtain a franchise
from us for that purpose.

C.
You have read this Agreement, and our franchise disclosure document, and have been
given an opportunity to clarify any provisions that you did not understand. You understand and accept the
terms, conditions, and covenants contained in this Agreement as being reasonably necessary to maintain
our high standards of quality and service and the uniformity of those standards at all Subway® Restaurants,
and thereby to protect and preserve the goodwill of the Marks.
D.
The term “Franchisee”, “you” and “your” as used herein is applicable to one or more
persons, a corporation, limited liability company or a partnership, as the case may be, and the singular usage
includes the plural and the masculine and neuter usages include the other and the feminine. References to
“Franchisee”, “you” and “your” applicable to an individual or individuals shall mean the principal owner
or owners of the equity or operating control of you if you are a corporation, limited liability company or
partnership, and shall include all such individuals collectively and individually.

E.
The parties agree that the information in this Section (“Background Information”) is true
and correct, and we are relying on it.
2.

Appointment.

A.
We hereby grant to you, upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a franchise to
operate the Subway® Restaurants listed on Exhibit B (each, the “Restaurant” and collectively, the
“Restaurants”) and to use in connection therewith the System, as it may be changed, improved and further
developed from time to time, and the Marks solely at the Approved Location and for the Term. Wherever

