any of the obligations of Subtenant under the Sublease be affected by reason thereof.
Subtenant further acknowledges and agrees that, with respect to any rights afforded
Sublandlord under the Master Lease, including, but not limited to, any options to extend
or renew the term of the Master Lease, options to purchase the Premises, rights of first
refusal to purchase the Premises and restrictions against competition, such rights are not
passed on to or conferred upon Subtenant under this Sublease. Subtenant acknowledges
that only Sublandlord has the benefit of and the right to exercise or enforce such rights
and the failure of Sublandlord to exercise or enforce such rights shall not be a default
under the Sublease nor entitle Subtenant to make any claim against Sublandlord.

1.3

2

1.2.4

In the event the Master Lease contains extension or renewal options, Subtenant agrees to
provide written notice to Sublandlord of its desire to exercise its option at least one
hundred eighty days (180) prior to the date on which Sublandlord must notify the
Landlord of its intention to exercise its option to extend or renew the Master Lease.
Subtenant agrees that Sublandlord may elect not to extend or renew the Master Lease if
Subtenant fails to give Sublandlord notice as provided in this Subsection. Furthermore,
Sublandlord may elect not to extend or renew the Master Lease if Subtenant shall be in
default in the performance of any of the terms of the Master Lease, this Sublease or the
Franchise Agreement during the period one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date
Sublandlord must give notice to Master Landlord.

1.2.5

If Master Landlord fails to perform its duties under the Master Lease, Subtenant must
give written notice thereof to Sublandlord describing Master Landlord's default in detail.
Upon receipt of the notice, Sublandlord shall then promptly notify Master Landlord and
demand performance as required in the Master Lease. In the event Subtenant wishes to
engage the services of an attorney to settle any disputes arising out of the Master Lease,
all fees and costs shall be borne by Subtenant, it being understood that Sublandlord is
under no obligation to bring or defend any action brought by or against Subtenant,
Sublandlord or Master Landlord.

1.2.6

Subtenant shall not make any agreement with Master Landlord which could modify,
cancel or terminate the Master Lease.

Covenant of Quiet Enjoyment. Sublandlord promises, subject to Subtenant’s performance of
all of the terms and conditions of the Sublease, that Subtenant shall be entitled to the quiet and
peaceful enjoyment and undisturbed possession of the Premises for the term of this Sublease.

TERM
2.1

Term. The term of this Sublease (the “Term”) shall commence on the date shown in the Key
Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublease (the “Commencement Date”). The Term of this
Sublease shall expire at midnight one full day before the expiration of the Master Lease (the
“Expiration Date”) unless sooner terminated as provided in this Sublease.

2.2

Possession. Possession of the Premises shall be delivered to Subtenant on the Commencement
Date or as provided in the Master Lease, whichever is later.

2.3

Holdover. Subtenant may only hold over at the expiration of the Term with the written consent
of Sublandlord. During such holdover tenancy, Subtenant shall pay to Sublandlord two hundred
percent (200%) of the Rent amount that existed immediately prior to the Expiration Date.
Subtenant agrees to comply with all holdover provisions contained in the Master Lease.
2

04/25 amended 12/25

