packaging and/or smallwares necessary for LTOs may be automatically shipped to you one or more times throughout
the duration of the LTO and you will be responsible for the costs of the shipment(s). In limited circumstances, other
required items may be automatically shipped with prior notice to you when necessary to provide the item(s) to restaurants
quickly and efficiently, and you will be responsible for the cost of the item(s) as well as the shipment(s).
Note 12. Dispute Resolution. For fee information concerning arbitration, you can call your local office of the American
Arbitration Association, American Dispute Resolution Center, or other arbitration agency (as applicable). You will also
have to pay your own costs related to the proceeding, including the costs of your own lawyer or other advisors as well
as travel expenses to Connecticut. You may also be liable to us for our collection costs, including lawyers’ fees. You
will pay our leasing company affiliate its costs for enforcing the Sublease or Sublicense, including lawyers’ fees and
legal costs, as additional rent/ licensing fees under the Sublease or Sublicense.
You will pay us a Probationary Case Management fee of $500 if you breach the provisions of the Franchise Agreement
and we settle with you and allow you to continue operation of your restaurant on the condition that you comply with the
terms of our probationary agreement. You will pay us an extension fee of $250 if we grant you an extension of the
probationary agreement. You will pay us an Interim Order Case Management fee of $250 if you breach the provisions
of the Franchise Agreement and we settle with you after arbitration has been filed to allow you to continue operation of
your restaurant on the condition that you comply with the terms of our interim order. You may also have to pay
additional fees as part of a settlement. If we commence arbitration against you for failure to comply with the Operations
Manual and we then approve the transfer of your restaurant, you may be required to pay us a Litigation Expense fee in
an amount equal to 5% of the gross consideration you receive from sale of your restaurant, not to exceed $5,000. These
fees cover our costs to enforce your obligations to meet our system standards.
You should read Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement carefully. It contains other important provisions concerning
dispute resolution including the requirement that arbitration be administered by the American Arbitration Association
or its successor (“AAA”) or the American Dispute Resolution Center or its successor (“ADRC”) at the discretion of the
party first filing a demand for arbitration. AAA will administer the arbitration in accordance with its administrative
rules (including, as applicable, the Commercial Rules of the AAA and the Expedited procedures of such rules). The
ADRC will administer the arbitration under its administrative rules (including, as applicable, the Rules of Commercial
Arbitration or under the Rules for Expedited Commercial Arbitration). If both the AAA and ADRC are no longer in
business, we and you will mutually agree upon an arbitration agency to administer the arbitration. If we and you cannot
agree on the administrative arbitration agency, then a court of competent jurisdiction will select the agency. Section 24
of the Franchise Agreement also provides a limitation that you can only seek relief from us and not any of our affiliates
or individuals associated with us or our affiliates. You must pay certain fees and costs for the arbitration. The provisions
in the Franchise Agreement concerning arbitration and litigation do not apply to your Sublease, Sublicense or any other
agreement with us or our affiliates. Our designated affiliate may terminate your Sublease or Sublicense without us also
terminating your Franchise Agreement. This may render your Franchise Agreement valueless.
Section 24 also contains important provisions limiting your right to recover damages, including an exclusion for
incidental, exemplary, contingent, punitive or consequential damages, except where prohibited by governing law.
Note 13. Co-Brand Continuing Fee. We may charge you a co-brand continuing fee on your gross sales from a thirdparty franchisor. The fee will not be greater than 8% of gross sales from the third party franchisor, and will be the same
for all franchisees entering into direct franchise agreements with the third party. The percentage may vary for each
third-party franchise concept. You will pay royalty and advertising fees due to a third-party franchisor to us if the thirdparty franchisor directs you to.
Note 14. Software Maintenance Fees. You will pay a monthly Restaurant Technology Fee of approximately $75. In
addition to the SubwayPOS®, the Restaurant Technology Fee will cover other types of restaurant technology. This
monthly Restaurant Technology Fee may be subject to change each year. We may withdraw these fees from your preauthorized account with us. In addition to the Restaurant Technology Fee, we reserve the right to impose a Digital
Technology Fee in the future to cover our costs of development, infrastructure and support of programs including our
Subway® App, Online Ordering, Third-Party Delivery platform support, Digital Menu Boards and Social Media
Platforms.
42

