k. access, use, or copy any portion of the Software through the use of indexing agents, spiders,
scrapers, bots, web crawlers, or other automated devices or mechanisms;
l. transmit, input, upload, or otherwise provide any information or materials that contain any
viruses, worms, Trojan horses, logic bombs, time bombs, cancelbots, malware, ransomware,
adware, or other harmful computer code or programming routines, including but not limited to
those designed to or that reasonably may disable, damage, impair, interfere with, surreptitiously
intercept, or expropriate the Software or any computers, hardware, software, system, data, or
networks;
m.provide unlawful, inaccurate, incomplete, or out-of-date information via the Software;
n. submit or provide through or using the Software any information or content that is defamatory,
libelous, indecent, pornographic, obscene, otherwise objectionable or harmful, or that violates the
rights of third parties; or
o. commit fraud or falsify information in connection with your use of the Software.
11. INDEMNIFICATION. You agree to indemnify, defend (at our option), and hold harmless the Franchisor
Parties from and against all claims, demands, complaints, actions, liabilities, injuries, losses,
judgments, settlements, fines, costs, damages, and expenses of any type (including, but not limited
to, reasonable court costs and legal fees) arising from or relating to: (a) your access to or use of the
Software, including your provision of information using or through the Software; (b) your misuse of
or reliance on any content, material, data, or information accessed or obtained from or using the
Software; (c) your violation of the license granted in this Agreement or any other breach of this
Agreement; (d) your violation of the data security or privacy provisions in this Agreement, including
the DPA; (e) any Data Security Incident (as defined below); (f) your use of the Software in connection
with the duplication, modification, transmission, or distribution of, or any other action relating to,
any content or materials in violation of another party’s rights or in violation of any law or any
provision of this Agreement; (g) your violation of or noncompliance with applicable laws or
regulations; or (h) your negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud. We reserve, and you grant to us,
the exclusive right to assume the defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by
you. You will not settle or compromise any claim or liability subject to this section without our prior
written consent. You and Franchisor agree that the limitation on liability provisions in the Franchise
Agreement applies to this Agreement.
12. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Nothing in this Agreement grants you any title to or ownership of any
intellectual property rights in or to the Software. Franchisor, its Affiliates, and their respective
suppliers and licensors, as applicable, are and will remain the exclusive owners of all right, title, and
interest in and to the Software (including, but not limited to, its text, audio, video, graphics, charts,
photographs, interfaces, icons, structure, organization, architecture, object and source code, data,
trademarks, logos, slogans, names of products and services, documentation, other content, and the
design, selection, and arrangement of content) and including, but not limited to, any modifications,
updates, and upgrades thereto and all techniques, algorithms, processes, ideas, know-how,
methodologies, discoveries, and inventions related to the same, as well as all patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world
in or to or associated with any of the foregoing. The rights that you have to use the Software are
limited to those expressly granted in this Agreement. No other licenses or rights with respect to the
Software or any related intellectual property rights, express or implied, are granted by Franchisor to
you under any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of
Franchisor or its Affiliates, and all such rights are reserved and retained by Franchisor and its
Affiliates. The Software is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well
as other intellectual property laws and treaties. Any unauthorized use of any intellectual property
Page 4 of 22

