CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER AND AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT
OF ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN US WE EACH SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE RECOVERY OF
ANY ACTUAL DAMAGES SUSTAINED. YOU AND WE IRREVOCABLY WAIVE TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY US OR YOU.
H.

Limitation of Claims and Certain Damages; Class Action Bar.

1.
Except for claims arising from your non-payment or underpayment of amounts
you owe us, any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the relationship
between you and us will be barred unless an action or proceeding is commenced in accordance with
this Agreement within one (1) year from the date the party asserting the claim knew or should have
known of the facts giving rise to such claims.
2.
If the landlord terminates the lease for the Restaurant and an arbitrator or court
determines you did not breach the Sublease and it was our or our affiliate’s fault the landlord
terminated the lease, our obligation to you will be limited to the original cost of your leasehold
improvements, less depreciation based on a five (5) year life under the straight-line method. We
will pay you when you reopen the Restaurant in a new location. If the arbitrator or court determines
you breached the Sublease or it was not our or our affiliate’s fault the landlord terminated the lease,
we and our affiliate will have no obligation to you for termination of the lease.
3.
You and we agree that any proceeding will be conducted on an individual basis,
and that any proceeding between us (or any of our affiliates) and you or your owners may not be:
(i) conducted on a class-wide basis or as a collective action, (ii) consolidated with another
proceeding between us and any other person or entity, nor may any claims of another party or
parties be joined with any claims asserted in any action or proceeding between you and us, (iii)
joined with any claim of an unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on your behalf by any
association or agency. No previous course of dealing shall be admissible to explain, modify, or
contradict the terms of this Agreement. No implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing shall be
used to alter the express terms of this Agreement.
I.
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. If either party initiates a judicial or other proceeding, the party
prevailing in such proceeding shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees. If we become a party to any action or proceeding commenced or instituted
against us by a third party arising out of or relating to any claimed or actual act, error or omission of yours,
by virtue of statutory, “vicarious“, “principal/agent” or other liabilities asserted against or imposed on us as
a result of our status as franchisor, or if we become a party to any litigation or any insolvency proceeding
involving you pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency code (including any adversary proceedings in
conjunction with bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), then you will be liable to, and must promptly
reimburse us for, the reasonable attorneys’ fees, experts’ fees, court costs, travel and lodging costs and all
other expenses we incur in such action or proceeding regardless of whether such action or proceeding
proceeds to judgment. In addition, we will be entitled to add all costs of collection, interest, attorneys’ fees
and experts’ fees to our proof of claim in any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding you file.
J.
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the Franchise shall be
governed by the internal laws of the state of Florida, without regard to conflict of laws rules, except to the
extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 et seq.). The
parties agree that any franchise law or business opportunity law of the State of Florida now in effect or
adopted or amended after the date of this Agreement will not apply to franchises located outside of Florida.
SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS BELOW, WE AND YOU (AND EACH OWNER)
AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE AS A
RESULT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES MUST BE COMMENCED IN THE
STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN OR NEAREST TO WHERE WE THEN HAVE OUR

