4.
COMPANY may proceed against GUARANTOR and Franchisee jointly and severally, or
COMPANY may, at its option, proceed against GUARANTOR, without having commenced any action,
having obtained any judgment against or having pursued any other remedy against, Franchisee or any other
person. GUARANTOR hereby waives the defense of the statute of limitations in any action hereunder or
for the collection of any indebtedness or the performance of any obligation hereby guaranteed;
5.
Such liability shall not be diminished, relieved or otherwise affected by any extension of
time, credit or other indulgence which COMPANY or its affiliates may from time to time grant to
Franchisee or to any other person, including, without limitation, the acceptance of any partial payment or
performance or the compromise or release of any claims, none of which shall in any way modify or amend
this Guaranty, which shall be continuing and irrevocable during the term of the Agreement;
6.
This Guaranty will continue unchanged by the occurrence of any Bankruptcy Event (as
defined in the Agreement) with respect to Franchisee or any assignee or successor of Franchisee or by any
abandonment of the Agreement by a trustee of Franchisee. Neither the GUARANTOR’S obligations to
make payment or render performance in accordance with the terms of this Guaranty nor any remedy for
enforcement shall be impaired, modified, changed, released or limited in any manner whatsoever by any
impairment, modification, change, release or limitation of the liability of Franchisee by virtue of or as a
result of any Bankruptcy Event, or from the decision of any court or agency;
7.
GUARANTORS shall be bound by the restrictive covenants and confidentiality provisions
contained in Sections 9, 15, and 19 of the Agreement and the indemnification provisions contained in
Section 20 and elsewhere in the Agreement; and
8.
Each GUARANTOR agrees to pay all reasonable attorneys’ fees and all costs and other
expenses incurred in any collection or attempt to collect amounts due pursuant to this Guaranty or any
negotiations relative to the obligations hereby guaranteed or in enforcing this Guaranty against
GUARANTOR.
9.
Each GUARANTOR agrees that in the event any provision of this Guaranty is held to be
overbroad as written, such provision shall be deemed amended to narrow its application to the extent
necessary to make the provision enforceable according to applicable law and shall be enforced as amended.
The provisions contained in Section 24.I (Costs and Attorneys’ Fees) and Section 24.J (Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction), and 24.K (Arbitration) of the Agreement shall govern this Guaranty and any
dispute between GUARANTORS and COMPANY, and such provisions are incorporated into this Guaranty
by reference.
[signature page follows]

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

