IX.
In order for a next of kin or legatee to assume the Franchise Agreement, each must deliver a written
assumption to us of this Agreement and the Sub-Sublease for the Restaurant, among the other requirements set forth
in the Franchise Agreement.
X.
If you breach the terms of your Sub-Sublease, our affiliate SRL may exercise its rights under the SubSublease, including evicting you from the franchised location. Any action brought by SRL to enforce the SubSublease, including actions brought pursuant to the cross-default clause in the Sub-Sublease (which provides that a
breach of the Franchise Agreement is a breach of the Sub-Sublease), is not to be construed as an arbitrable dispute.
The parties agree that you may seek a stay of any eviction brought under the cross-default clause in the Sub-Sublease
by filing a demand for arbitration in accordance with the Franchise Agreement within thirty (30) days of SRL’s
commencement of the eviction. The stay may be lifted upon conclusion of the arbitration. You may not seek a stay
of eviction for any actions involving non-payment of rent or in a case where an arbitration award under the Franchise
Agreement has been issued.
XI.
If TTTSM terminates the Master Sublease or Sublease for the Restaurant and an arbitrator or court
determines we or SRL breached the Master Lease or Sublease and caused the termination, our obligation to you will
be limited to the original cost of your construction improvements, less depreciation based on a five (5) year life under
the straight-line method. We will pay you when you reopen the Restaurant in a new location. If the arbitrator or
court determines you breached the Sub-Sublease or it was not our fault or SRL’s fault TTTSM terminated the Master
Sublease or Sublease, we and SRL will have no obligation to you for termination of the Master Sublease or Sublease.
XII.
You acknowledge and agree we have not made any promises or guarantees that we can obtain a sublease for
the location identified in above, or that we will give the location our final approval. If we do not obtain a sublease for
the location or if we do not grant final approval for the location, and in either case we do not offer you a Sub-Sublease
for the premises within one year, you agree your only remedy will be to terminate this Agreement and receive a refund
of the initial Franchise Fee if you qualify under the conditions provided in the Franchise Agreement.
XIII. The Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, contains the entire understanding of
the parties. The parties can amend the Franchise Agreement further only in a signed writing. The provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, are ratified and affirmed. To the extent the terms
of this Rider and the terms of the Franchise Agreement conflict, the terms of this Rider shall control.
XIV. You acknowledge and agree you read and understand this Rider and the Franchise Agreement and consent to
be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider.

3

