Sub-Sublicensor and its affiliates, from and against all liability, injury, loss, cost (including attorneys' fees), damage and
expense in respect of any injury or death of any persons and/or damage to any property while on the premises and to obtain
and maintain insurance in accordance with the Sublicense Agreement and the Franchise Agreement naming all such
indemnified persons as additional insureds.
(4) The Sub-Sublicensor acknowledges receipt from the Sub-Sublicensee of the sum of $ 1,500.00 DOLLARS,
which has or shall be paid to TTTSM as the placement fee and administration fee referred to in the Sublicense Agreement.
(5) If at any time during the term of this Agreement, Sub-Sublicensee shall default in the performance of any of
the terms of the Sublicense Agreement or the Franchise Agreement, Sub-Sublicensor may terminate this Agreement on ten
(10) days written notice to Sub-Sublicensee, and upon such termination, Sub-Sublicensee shall quit and surrender the leased
premises to Sub-Sublicensor but Sub-Sublicensee shall remain liable for the balance of the license fee due as provided in
this Agreement. Sub-Sublicensee agrees that upon such default the TTTSM may demand, receive and collect any monies
due or thereafter falling due without in any manner effecting such default or any notice of suit, action, order or judgment
related to the default. Upon termination of this Agreement, any payment made by the Sub-Sublicensee to the SubSublicensor, TTTSM, Licensor or any court shall not: a) reinstate, continue or extend the term of this Agreement; b) effect
any notice previously given to the Sub-Sublicensee; or c) operate as a waiver of the right of the Sub-Sublicensor to recover
possession of the demised premises by proper suit, action, proceeding or remedy. All monies collected shall be deemed to
be payments made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or applied toward any outstanding balances owed by the
Sub-Sublicensee. The parties agree that trial by jury shall be waived in the event of litigation. The Sub-Sublicensee agrees
to pay to the Sub-Sublicensor upon demand, as additional license fees, any fees, costs or charges, including attorneys' fees
and legal costs, incurred by the Sub-Sublicensor in enforcing any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, including
without limitation for collecting any unpaid or late license fee amounts or eviction proceedings. The Sub-Sublicensor may
charge interest on all past due amounts at the maximum legal rate in the jurisdiction in which the Subway® restaurant is
located.
(6) The Sub-Sublicensee may assign the rights in the Sub-Sublicense Agreement only to a franchisee of Doctor’s
Associates LLC for use as a Subway® restaurant, provided that the prior written consent to the subletting is obtained from
the Sub-Sublicensor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Sub-Sublicensor consents to the subletting of
the premises, this consent shall not operate to release the Sub-Sublicensee from his obligations under this Agreement.
(7) The Sub-Sublicensor is hereby conveying to the Sub-Sublicensee, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, only those rights to the aforesaid premises acquired by virtue of the Sublicense Agreement. The Sublicense
Agreement describes the Licensor's and/or TTTSM’s duties which the Sub-Sublicensor is not obligated to perform. If the
Licensor or TTTSM fails to perform his duties under the Sublicense Agreement, the Sub-Sublicensee must send SubSublicensor a notice by certified mail or a mail service which uses a tracking system such as Federal Express or Airborne
Express, describing the Licensor's or TTTSM’s default in detail. Upon receipt of the notice, the Sub-Sublicensor shall then
promptly notify the Licensor or TTTSM and demand performance of the agreement contained in the Sublicense Agreement.
In the event Sub-Sublicensee wishes to engage the services of an attorney to settle any disputes arising out of the Sublicense
Agreement, all fees and costs shall be borne by the Sub-Sublicensee, it being understood that Sub-Sublicensor is under no
obligation to bring or defend any action brought by or against the Sub-Sublicensee, the Sub-Sublicensor, TTTSM or the
Licensor.
(8) The Sub-Sublicensee shall not make any agreement with the Licensor or TTTSM which could modify, cancel
or terminate the Sublicense Agreement.
(9) The Sub-Sublicensor may terminate this Agreement on ten (10) days written notice and Sub-Sublicensor may
offer this location to another franchisee of Doctor’s Associates LLC if: a) the Sub-Sublicensee does not commence
construction of the premises within fifteen (15) days after obtaining occupancy from the Licensor or TTTSM by
expeditiously ordering his equipment, submitting all necessary funds, making application for required permits and licenses;
and b) the Sub-Sublicensee does not the complete the build-out of the store and then open the store within sixty (60) days
after occupancy. In such an event, the Sub-Sublicensee understands that the placement fee and administrative fee referred
to in Paragraph 4 will not be refunded.
(10) The Sub-Sublicensee acknowledges that he has read the Franchise Disclosure Document and Operations
Manual of Doctor's Associates LLC, the Franchise Agreement and the Sublicense Agreement, and agrees to build and
2

