registration of copyright in the Operations Manual but does claim a copyright in its own works and we, Subway US IP
Holder, and our affiliates treat the information in the Operations Manual as proprietary and confidential trade secrets.
The Operations Manual contains the components, requirements, duties, standards, procedures, policies, and
specifications pertaining to the Subway® franchise system and the operation of a restaurant. You must treat the
Operations Manual and the information in it, as well as other information we make available to you, as highly
confidential, in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. We make this information available to you only because of
the franchisor-franchisee relationship.
You must maintain all of ours, Subway US IP Holder’s, and our affiliates’ confidential or proprietary information as
confidential, both during and after the term of the Franchise Agreement. You may not at any time disclose the
information you receive from us to any person except individuals involved in the operation of your restaurant who have
a need to know the information. If you do disclose confidential or proprietary information in violation of the Franchise
Agreement, you will be liable to us for damages, and we will seek injunctive relief. We do not represent or guarantee
that all aspects of the Subway® franchise system are exclusive to us or unique.
All improvements, developments, derivative works, enhancements, or modifications to the System and any confidential
information, ideas, slogans, marketing plans, advertising material, concepts, drawings, techniques, inventions (including
any resulting patent rights), innovations, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, works of authorship, and any other
protectable or proprietary interest in any similar intangible asset, relating to a Subway® Restaurant (collectively,
“Innovations”) made or created by you, your employees or your contractors, whether developed separately or in
conjunction with us, will be owned solely by us. Your employees and contractors will be bound by written agreements
assigning all rights in and to any Innovations developed or created by them to you. To the extent that you, your employees
or your contractors are deemed to have any interest in the Innovations, you will agree to assign all right, title and interest
in and to the Innovations to us. To that end, you will be required to execute, verify, and deliver any documents (including,
without limitation, assignments) and perform any other acts (including appearances as a witness) as we may reasonably
request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining, and enforcing our ownership rights in and
to the Innovations, and the assignment of them. In the event we are unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to
secure your signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this paragraph, you will
irrevocably designate and appoint us and our duly authorized officers and agents as your agent and attorney in fact,
which appointment will be coupled with an interest and will be irrevocable, to act for and on your behalf to execute,
verify, and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this paragraph
with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. The obligations described in this paragraph will survive any
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement.
We may, but are not obligated to, protect any patents or copyrights, to defend you against claims arising from your
authorized use of patented or copyrighted items. We may, but are not obligated to, take affirmative action if you notify
us of any infringement. If we do take any affirmative action, we solely retain the right to control any litigation. We may,
but are not obligated to, indemnify you for any expenses or damages resulting from a proceeding involving a patent,
patent application, or copyright used in the System. Any action described in this paragraph that we take is not contingent
upon your modifying or discontinuing the use of the subject matter covered by the patent or copyright. Unless we choose
to indemnify you as described in this paragraph, you are solely responsible for any damages and costs associated with
any modification or discontinuation of the use of any subject matter covered by the patent or copyright.
Item 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS
Your restaurant shall at all times be under your direct, on-premises supervision or that of a trained and competent
employee acting as full-time manager. In the event you operate more than one franchise, or in the event you do not
devote your full time to conducting the restaurant business, we may require you to designate one or more competent
managers who have completed the training requirements to hold the position of full-time managers (each a “Designated
Manager”) for your restaurant. You must, upon our request, keep us informed at all times of the identity of your
Designated Managers. We will make training available, as is necessary in our judgment, for all managers who you
designate. The Designated Manager is not required to own an equity interest in the franchise entity.
77

