II.

During the term of this Agreement, we grant you: A sublicense under the License to develop and operate the
Restaurant at a Naval Exchange location, for the term indicated in the License.

III. In regard to the License of the Restaurant:
(i.) You will open the Restaurant by the date provided in the License, as it may be amended, or this
Agreement automatically expires. We will not grant you an extension or refund the Franchise Fee if
this Agreement automatically expires.
(ii.) Before opening, you must successfully complete our training program. You may be dismissed from
the training program and this Agreement may be terminated with no refund of your franchise fee if
you materially fail to act in accordance with the Code of Business Conduct during the training
program. You may be required to pass our standardized test given during the training program, with
one retest permitted. If you fail the standardized test, we may dismiss you from the training program,
cancel this Agreement and refund one-half (1/2) of your Franchise Fee. If more than one individual
signs this Agreement, any one of the individuals who fails the standardized test may be dismissed from
the training program and removed from this Agreement with no refund of the Franchise Fee.
(iii.) Because the Restaurant will be located at a Naval Exchange location established under the terms of
the License and this Agreement, we do not require a Sublease. All references to the Sublease in this
Agreement are deemed deleted. You will be bound by the terms of the License, as amended, between
us and NEXCOM which is specifically incorporated into this Agreement. You agree to perform all of
our obligations as Licensee and/or Contractor under the License, to develop and operate the
Restaurant, at your sole expense. We or our designee will attempt to secure a fair monthly commission
for the premises but we cannot represent it will be the best available fee for name brand fast food
locations operating at Naval Exchange locations.
(iv.) You will construct, equip, and open the Restaurant in accordance with the specifications in the
Operations Manual and the License.
IV. You acknowledge and agree that by virtue of operating the Restaurant at a Naval Exchange location, you
will be subject to specific laws, rules and regulations enumerated in the License, including but not limited
to the Service Contract Act and wage determinations issued by the United States Department of Labor. You
are solely responsible for complying with these specific laws, rules and regulations.
V.

You will operate the Restaurant in accordance with the Operations Manual, which contains mandatory and
suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures and may be updated as a result of experience
or changes in the law or marketplace (the “Operations Manual”) as well as the License. If any provision
of the Operations Manual conflicts with the License, the License will control.

VI. Your insurance policy must meet our requirements and NEXCOM’s requirements, including coverage limits
and specified additional insureds, as set forth in the Operations Manual and the License. To the extent of any
conflict between the insurance requirements set forth in the Operations Manual and the insurance requirements
set forth in the License, the requirements in the License will govern. You must also purchase the insurance
required by state law. You will require any subcontractor or general contractor you hire in connection with the
construction or remodel of the Restaurant to abide by the insurance requirements in the License.
VII. These amounts include Royalty, advertising contributions, interest, late fees, the commission and any other
charges due NEXCOM under the License, and other charges you owe.
VIII. You will make prompt payment of all charges you owe to us, our Affiliates, your vendors, and NEXCOM
under this Agreement and any other Franchise Agreement you have with us, in addition to Royalty,
commission, and advertising contributions, and pay all Sales Tax, other taxes, and debts of the Restaurant and
any other Subway® restaurants you operate as they become due.
2

