procure renewals of these policies from time to time before their respective expiration dates. All
insurance policies shall be non-assessable and shall require thirty (30) days’ written notice to
Sub-Sublandlord of any cancellation or change affecting Sub-Sublandlord’s coverage under the
policies. All property damage and business interruption policies of Sub-Subtenant shall contain
a waiver of any subrogation rights which Sub-Subtenant’s insurers may have against SubSublandlord, even if the loss suffered is caused by the act, omission or negligence of SubSublandlord.
4.3

Adjusting; Proceeds. Unless specified otherwise in the Master Lease or Master Sublease,
claims for loss due to damage to the Premises under any policies provided for in this SubSublease shall be adjusted with the insurance companies:
4.3.1

by Sub-Subtenant in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or destruction
not exceeding $10,000, or

4.3.2

by Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant, in the case of any particular casualty resulting
in damage or destruction exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the rights of
Master Landlord, TTTSM and any mortgagee, the proceeds of any insurance shall be
payable as follows:
4.3.2.1

With respect to any loss not exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, proceeds shall
be paid to Sub-Subtenant, who shall hold them in trust for the purpose of
paying the costs of repair and restoration; and

4.3.2.2

With respect to losses exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, the proceeds may,
at Sub-Sublandlord’s option, be paid to Sub-Sublandlord or its designee and
shall be applied to pay the costs of repair and restoration as directed by SubSublandlord.

4.4

Joint Efforts. Sub-Subtenant and Sub-Sublandlord shall cooperate in attempts to collect any
insurance proceeds that may be due in the event of loss, and Sub-Subtenant shall execute and
deliver to Sub-Sublandlord such proofs of loss and other instruments which may be required for
the purpose of recovering these proceeds.

4.5

Waiver of Subrogation. Sub-Subtenant agrees to look solely to the proceeds of its own insurer
for indemnity against exposure for loss of property or business interruption. Sub-Subtenant
warrants that its property and business interruption insurers shall have no rights against SubSublandlord by virtue of assignment, subrogation, loan agreement or otherwise.

4.6

Cancellation of Insurance. If any insurance policy covering the Premises or any part of it is
canceled or is threatened by the insurer to be canceled, or if the coverage thereunder is reduced
in any way by the insurer for any reason, and if Sub-Subtenant fails to remedy the condition
giving rise to cancellation, threatened cancellation, or reduction of coverage within five (5)
business days after notice thereof by Sub-Sublandlord, Sub-Sublandlord may, at its option, either
(i) reenter the Premises forthwith by leaving upon the Premises a notice in writing of its intention
to do so or (ii) enter the Premises and remedy the condition giving rise to such cancellation,
threatened cancellation or reduction, and Sub-Subtenant shall forthwith pay the cost thereof to
Sub-Sublandlord (which cost may be collected by Sub-Sublandlord as Additional Rent) and SubSublandlord shall not be liable for any damage or injury caused to any property of Sub-Subtenant
or of others located on the Premises as a result of any such entry, unless resulting from its own
sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission.

4.7

Loss and Damage. Sub-Sublandlord shall not be liable for any death or injury occurring on the
Premises, nor for the loss of or damage to any of the personal property or other property of SubSubtenant or of others by theft or otherwise, unless resulting from its own sole gross negligence,
6

