including the size and location of your restaurant, your own management skills, economic conditions, competition in
the area of your restaurant, the sales level reached during this period, and other factors. We cannot estimate the operating
results of your restaurant. We disclaim that by providing these estimates of your costs we are making any representation
that you will have any level of sales. The estimates are of your costs only and do not reflect any offsetting sales revenue
you may earn from operations to help pay these costs. We do not make earnings claims. The estimate of Additional
Funds for three months shown in the above chart is not an estimate of the working capital you will need but relates only
to certain expenses for the time period stated. The time period of three months is not a representation of when you
should expect to break even, if ever.
Note 9. Grand Opening Advertising. You must hold a grand opening sale within 4 to 8 weeks after opening your
restaurant or a change in the ownership of your restaurant. In addition to new restaurants, this grand opening sale
requirement applies to all restaurants that relocate, remodel, or transfer to a new franchisee. If the transfer consists of
an addition or deletion of a name, the restaurant is not required to hold the sale. We recommend that you spend at least
$2,000 on the grand opening sale.
Note 10. Outside Signs. These costs do not apply to school lunch locations.
Note 11. Total. These figures are estimates of the complete investment for setting up a Subway® restaurant and operating
it for three months. It is possible to significantly exceed in any of the areas listed. Your costs could also be substantially
lower if you are purchasing a non-traditional, satellite or school lunch location. Some costs will vary in relation to the
physical size of your restaurant. A lower cost restaurant is one that will require fewer leasehold improvements, less
seating, and fewer equipment purchases. Moderate and higher cost restaurants may require extensive interior
renovations, extensive seating, and additional equipment. It may not be possible for you to construct your restaurant at
the location you selected at the lower or moderate total investment cost listed above. To avoid excessive construction
costs, we strongly recommend you choose contractors carefully by obtaining several competitive bids before
construction begins. The above figures do not include extensive exterior renovations or “key money” to the master
landlord. We have relied on our own experience of over 50 years in the restaurant business to compile these figures.
This Item 7 presents the estimate initial investment to develop a new Subway® restaurant. If you purchase an existing
restaurant, the purchase price you pay for the restaurant may vary from the estimates presented in this Item 7. In certain
cases when you agree to buy an existing restaurant, we may require you to pay a deposit. The amount of the deposit is
usually a certain percentage of the purchase price and will vary depending on the amount of the purchase price.
If you participate in our multi-unit development program, with our approval, you must pay a development fee equal to
the then-current standard initial franchise fee (or reduced initial franchise fee, if applicable), multiplied by the number
of restaurants to be developed in accordance with the development schedule under your Development Agreement, as
described in Item 5. You will not be required to pay a separate initial franchise fee under any Franchise Agreement or
Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement, in each case executed in accordance with your Development Agreement. Therefore,
the estimated initial investment under the development program, which includes the estimated initial investment to
develop your first new restaurant, plus the development fee to be paid under the Development Agreement, is as follows:
Type of Expenditure

Lower
Amount

Mid
Amount

Higher
Amount

METHOD
OF
PAYMENT

WHEN DUE

Development fee for 2-10
Restaurants

$22,500

$52,500

$82,500

Lump Sum

When you
sign the
Development
Agreement

TOTAL UNDER
DEVELOPMENT
PROGRAM
For a Non-Traditional
Location

$246,123
$206,635

$431,427
$319,577

$604,245
$471,245

50

TO
WHOM
PAYMENT
IS TO BE
MADE
Us

