(i) You acknowledge and agree that we have offered the location to you and you have agreed to operate the
Restaurant at the location. If we or our designated Affiliate cannot offer you a Sub-Sublease for the
Restaurant premises or if we disapprove the location within one (1) year after the date of this Agreement,
this Rider will automatically be terminated with no notice to you. We will terminate this Agreement and
refund the Franchise Fee provided that you send us a written request no later than sixty (60) days after the
termination of this Rider. We will not refund the Franchise Fee if we or our designee enters into a sublease
containing basic economic terms (e.g. rent, square footage, length of term) to which you previously
consented and you then do not sign the offered Sub-Sublease. If we or our designee offers you a SubSublease you must sign the Sub-Sublease within thirty (30) days from the date the Sub-Sublease is offered
to you, or this Agreement will automatically expire at the end of the thirty (30) day period. We will not
grant you an extension or refund the Franchise Fee if this Agreement automatically expires.
(ii) Before opening, you must successfully complete our Training Program. You may be dismissed from the
Training Program and this Agreement may be terminated, with no refund of your Franchise Fee, if you
materially fail to act in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct during the Training Program. You
may be required to pass our standardized test given during the Training Program, with one retest permitted.
If you fail the standardized test, we may dismiss you from the Training Program, cancel this Agreement
and refund one-half (1/2) of your Franchise Fee. If more than one individual signs this Agreement, any
one of the individuals who fails the standardized test may be dismissed from the Training Program and
removed from this Agreement with no refund of the Franchise Fee.
(iii) The Restaurant will be at a Walmart store location we offer to you. You and SRL will enter into the SubSublease to further sublease the premises to you. SRL has negotiated with TTTSM to secure a fair rent for
the premises but we cannot represent it will be the best available rent in your area. If you materially breach
this Agreement or the Sublease, SRL may terminate the Sub-Sublease with you after giving the notice
required in the Sub-Sublease Agreement.
(iv) After you sign the Sub-Sublease, you will construct, equip, and open the Restaurant to the specifications
contained in the Operations Manual.
III.
You acknowledge and agree you will be required to offer additional snack menu items in accordance with
the Operations Manual.
IV.

You must provide us with a copy of your Certificate of Insurance when you return your signed Sub-Sublease.

V.
We will submit your gross sales reports on a weekly basis to TTTSM on your behalf so that TTTSM may
calculate your monthly rental payment and any additional fees due in accordance with your Sub-Sublease.
VI.
Regarding relocation of the restaurant: You may relocate the Restaurant only with our prior written
approval. You will pay any expenses and liabilities imposed by the Master Sublease and move if you relocate the
Restaurant. If you materially breach this Agreement, we or our designee may cancel the Sub-Sublease after giving
the notice required in the Sub-Sublease.
If you relocate the Restaurant to a location that is not in a Walmart store, the Walmart Location Rider which is
part of this Agreement will be of no further force and effect, except to the extent the Master Sublease and Sublease
impose obligations on you which continue after the termination or expiration of the Sub-Sublease. You will abide
by and be bound by the terms of the Franchise Agreement without any modification by the Walmart Location
Rider, and you will sign a Lease for the new premises promptly after the Sub-Sublease terminates or expires.
VII.
The following is a condition of transfer: each purchaser received the required disclosure documents in
accordance with our policies and federal and state laws, rules, and regulations, and signs the then current form of
franchise agreement which will amend and replace this Agreement and may contain terms that differ from this
Agreement, including financial terms, and signs the then current form of the Sub-Sublease for the Restaurant;
VIII.
Upon assigning your rights under the Franchise Agreement, you will remain personally liable
under the Sub-Sublease.
2

