period provision. The Claimants allege that the Respondents acted improperly in terminating the BDAA and also
breached the terms of a promissory note of which Doctor’s Associates LLC is the holder and the Claimants are
the makers. The Claimants allege breaches of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing, fraud, fraudulent inducement, fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation, unlawful restraint of trade and
violations of the FTC Franchise Rule, the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, the Connecticut Franchise Act,
the Florida Franchise Act, the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade
Practices Act, and the Florida Communications Fraud Act. On October 9, 2020, DAL filed counterclaims against
Turi and Conri Development for breaches of contract. On February 9, 2021, the Arbitrator issued an order
dismissing all allegations as to Subway IP LLC and Franchise World Headquarters, LLC, dismissing allegations
under the Connecticut Franchise Act and the Rhode Island Franchise Act, dismissing allegations under the
Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act as to the BDAA. The February 9th Order denied Respondent’s Motion to
Dismiss the claims of fraudulent inducement, fraud, and violations of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade
Practices Act. As to Respondents’ motion to enforce the limitation on damages, motion to enforce the terms of a
note between the parties, and motion to dismiss all other claims, the Order denied the motions without prejudice
and the right to reassert after hearing on the merits. On June 22, 2021, the Claimants and DAL entered into a
confidential settlement agreement and mutual release pursuant to which the parties agreed to the termination of
the BDAA and DAL paid Turi $100,000.00 and cancelled $ 1,043,972.77 of debt Turi owed to DAL. On June
25, 2021, the parties withdrew all claims in the arbitration with prejudice.
32) Al Rahim, Inc. and Khatidja "Kay" Ramzan v. Doctor's Associates, LLC (Case Number 01-20-0015-7709)
(AAA). The arbitration case was filed with the American Arbitration Association on or about November 23, 2020.
An amended demand was subsequently filed against Doctor’s Associates, LLC, Franchise World Headquarters,
LLC, Subway Real Estate and Subway Realty, Inc. Franchisee Al Rahim alleges a violation of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act and has included claims of negligence and promissory estoppel due to an
alleged non-renewal of a lease/sublease. Claimant seeks $300,000-$500,000 in damages along with attorneys’
fees and arbitration costs. Respondents deny the claims and filed counterclaims of its own. Prior to an oral hearing
taking place, the parties settled the matter on June 8, 2021 whereby DAL and SRE LLC paid the Claimants
$60,000 and the arbitration was dismissed with prejudice.
33) Ana Catalina Zapata et al v. Subway Partners de Colombia CV (“SPCCV”), Doctor’s Associates, Inc. and Carlos
Delgado (16th Civil Circuit Court of Medellin, Colombia). On July 15, 2019, the Civil Court of Medellin admitted
a class action suit by franchise owner Ana Catalina Zapata, along with fifteen additional current and former
franchise owners and their companies for a total of 31 plaintiffs (“the Class”) and defined the class as Franchise
Owners in Colombia. The Class sought damages due to conducts that allegedly constituted unfair competition and
abuse of the dominant position by SPCCV, Doctor's Associates Inc and BDA Carlos Delgado. The Class
alleged the policy regarding the opening of Subway® restaurants, the prices charged by suppliers, the promotions
and marketing strategies were purported acts of unfair competition and abuse the dominant position held by
the Defendants. The Class sought approximately $3.3 million in damages. Defendants denied the allegations.
Defendants further requested the Court to reconsider its decision to admit the class action on the basis that the
Plaintiffs did not meet the legal requirement to prove the existence of a class of at least 20 persons, and that the
Court lacked jurisdiction to decide the claim. Based on the negotiations held between SPCCV and several
Plaintiffs that led to the execution of respective settlement agreements, on March 2020, 17 plaintiffs waived their
claims in the class action. On March 11, 2020 the Court overturned the ruling that admitted the suit to process on
the basis that the remaining Plaintiffs did not meet the definition of the class as defined by the Court. On June 23,
2020, the remaining Plaintiffs amended their suit and four additional Plaintiffs joined the suit. On August 13,
2020, Defendants again requested the Court to reconsider its decision to admit the suit. The parties resumed
negotiations and between August, 2020 and December, 2021, they requested the Court to halt the class action. On
December 15, 2021, the remaining plaintiffs waived their claims in the class action based on settlement agreements
entered into with SPCCV. On January 13, 2022, the Court terminated the class action due to the total waiver of
the Plaintiffs' claims. On May 3, 2022, the class action's docket file was officially filed away in Box 979.
34) A. Zaid Elia & Think Fresh LLC v. Doctor’s Associates LLC (Case No. 22-011292-CB, 3rd Judicial Circuit,
Wayne County, State of Michigan) On September 22, 2022, the Plaintiffs, a former Business Developer and his
Operating Company filed a civil lawsuit in which they claimed breach of contract, violation of Michigan Franchise
Investment Law, and violation of the CT Unfair Trade Practices Act due to the defendant terminating the parties’
Development Agreement. The Plaintiffs sought a judgment in excess of $25,000, a declaratory judgment and
12

