Subway® restaurant will not apply. For each unauthorized Association with a Competitive
Business, the provisions of Section 19.D shall apply.
iii.

For the avoidance of doubt, Section 15 is not amended by this Section I.

iv.

Nothing in this Subsection or any other provision of this Agreement grants you any territorial or
other exclusive rights. We and our Affiliates have unlimited rights to compete with you.

J.

It will not be deemed a violation of Section 16 for you to maintain the required records of the operation of
the Restaurant at the School, or, if you give us notice of the location where you will keep the records, at
your administrative offices. The records will be subject to our inspection and audit wherever they are kept,
pursuant to the Agreement.

K.

You may relocate and reopen the Restaurant provided you have our prior written approval, and only to
another location within the School or to another school within the same school district. All of your accounts
with us for each Subway® Restaurant you operate must be current and the License for the former location
of the Restaurant must be terminated and settled prior to reopening the Restaurant. You will pay all expenses
and liabilities to terminate the License for the former location and any relocation expenses as they become
due. If a proposed site is not accessible, you must provide plans to make the site accessible, or we may
request that you identify an alternative accessible location.

L.

The Term will be for a period of 5 years from the Agreement Date, subject to earlier termination. If you are
in full compliance with the Operations Manual and not in default of this Agreement, you may renew the
franchise for additional consecutive 5 year periods by giving us written notice not less than 1 year, but no
more than 16 months, before the expiration of the current Term. You will sign our then current form of
Franchise Agreement which will amend and replace this Agreement and may contain terms that differ from
this Agreement, including financial terms. You will not pay a renewal fee upon the expiration of the original
5 year term provided under this Agreement.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

9
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

