limitation all government regulations relating to occupational hazards and health, consumer protection,
trade regulation, worker’s compensation, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment of
Federal and State income taxes and social security taxes and sales, use and property taxes. You agree to
refrain from any merchandising, advertising or promotional practice that is unethical or may be injurious
to our business and/or other Subway® Restaurants or to the goodwill associated with the Marks. Upon
request, you will forward to us copies of any documentation relating to these items.
J.
The Restaurant shall at all times be under your direct, on-premises supervision or a trained
and competent employee acting as full-time manager. In the event you operate more than one franchise, or
in the event you do not devote your full time to conducting the Restaurant business, we may require you to
designate one or more competent managers who have completed the training requirements to hold the
position of full-time managers (each a “Designated Manager”) for the Restaurant. You must, upon our
request, keep us informed at all times of the identity of any other employee(s) acting as manager(s) of the
Restaurant. We shall make training available, as is necessary in our judgment, for all managers who you
designate. We shall provide such training at the then-current published rates. You agree that you will at all
times faithfully, honestly and diligently perform your obligations hereunder and that you will not engage
in any other business or activities that, in our judgment, will conflict with your obligations hereunder.
K.
You will be solely responsible for all costs of building and operating the Restaurant,
including, but not limited to, construction costs and permits, equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs,
advertising, insurance, food products, labor, utilities, rent, fees, customs, stamp duty, other duties,
governmental registrations, sales tax and other taxes. You must register to collect and pay sales taxes before
you open the Restaurant, and you must maintain these registrations during the Term. You shall promptly
pay when due all taxes levied or assessed on your Restaurant operation, including, without limitation,
unemployment and sales taxes, and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind that you incur in the
operation of the Restaurant. You shall promptly pay to us the amount equal to all taxes levied or assessed,
including, but not limited to, sales taxes, use taxes, withholding taxes, excise taxes, personal property taxes,
intangible property taxes, gross receipt taxes, taxes on royalties (including without limitation the Franchise
Fee, Royalty Fee and Advertising Contributions), any similar taxes or levies imposed upon, or required to
be collected or paid by us by reason of the furnishing of products, intangible property (including trademarks
and trade names), or service by us to you through the sale, license or lease of property or property rights
provided by this Agreement. The foregoing does not include tax on your net income. You will, at your sole
discretion, recruit, hire, terminate, discipline and supervise all Restaurant employees, set pay rates, and pay
all wages and related amounts, including any employment benefits, unemployment insurance, withholding
taxes or other sums. You will reimburse us for any such costs that we must pay in connection with your
operation of the Restaurant.
L.
You and your owners represent and warrant to us that all statements, documents, materials,
and information submitted to us, including the application for the rights granted by this Agreement are true,
correct and complete in all material respects, and there have been no material omissions. You and your
owners agree to comply with any and all laws, regulations, Executive Orders or otherwise of any kind,
including those relating to anti-terrorist activities, such as, without limitation Executive Order 13224 and
related U.S. Treasury and other regulations. You confirm that you and your owners, officers and directors
are not listed on the Annex to Executive Order 13224 (or any subsequent or related order) and you agree
not to hire any person so listed or have any dealing with a person so listed (the Annex is currently available
at www.treasury.gov). You are solely responsible for ascertaining the actions that must be taken to comply
with such laws, orders and/or regulations.
M.
You must implement all administrative, physical and technical safeguards necessary to
protect any information that can be used to identify an individual, including without limitation names,
addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, employee identification numbers, signatures, passwords,
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

11

