business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department, including,
without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent.
3.
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled
Requirements for a franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), titled Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action arising
in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York
and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; this proviso intends that the non-waiver
provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be satisfied.
4.
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d) of the Franchise Disclosure
Document, titled Termination by franchisee:
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.
5.
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled Choice of
forum, and Item 17(w), titled Choice of law:
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the franchisor
or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York.
6.
Franchisee Questionnaires and Acknowledgements. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment
signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
7.
Receipts. Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen.
Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering prospectus) must be
provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the
Franchise Disclosure Document at the earliest of the first personal meeting or ten (10) business days before the execution
of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.
EXHIBIT A
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Add the attached Franchise Agreement Addendum.

2

