15.2.2 The parties further agree that in cases where the amount in controversy is One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) or less the only depositions will be for the sole purpose of preserving testimony.
In other cases, the right to, and extent of, any depositions will be determined by agreement of the
parties, or by the arbitrator. In all cases any documents exchanged between the parties as part of
the discovery process must be returned or destroyed (with proof of destruction) within thirty (30)
days of final judgment or dismissal of the arbitration.
15.2.3 The parties agree that the city where we then have our headquarters at the time of the
commencement of the arbitration will be the site for arbitration. The arbitration shall be held before
one (1) arbitrator, who shall be chosen pursuant to the AAA rules for appointment of one (1)
arbitrator from the National Roster, except that in the event that either of the parties seeks damages
in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00), the arbitration shall be held before a panel of
three arbitrators. To compose the panel of three arbitrators, each party shall name one arbitrator
within fourteen (14) days of service of the Demand for Arbitration or Counterclaim seeking
damages in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00). The two chosen arbitrators must
perform his or her duties as a neutral, with impartiality and independence, and with diligence and
in good faith. The two arbitrators chosen by the parties shall, within thirty (30) days of the
appointment of the last arbitrator, appoint the chairperson of the panel from the National Roster
provided by the AAA.
15.2.4 You may only seek damages or any remedy under law or equity for any arbitrable claim against us
or our successors or assigns. You agree our intended beneficiaries of the arbitration clause including
our affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, and their
affiliates, will be neither liable nor named as a party in any arbitration or litigation proceeding
commenced by you where the claim arises out of or relates to this Agreement or the business
relationship between the parties. If you name a party in any arbitration or litigation proceeding in
violation of this sub-section, you will reimburse us for reasonable costs incurred, including but not
limited to arbitration fees, court costs, attorneys’ fees, management preparation time, witness fees,
and travel expenses incurred by us or the party.
15.2.5 You acknowledge and agree that your default under this Agreement concerning infringement of
intellectual property rights in the Marks or in copyrighted items or disclosure of Confidential
Information (together “Intellectual Property Claims”) may cause irreparable harm to us, our
Affiliates and the System as a whole. Notwithstanding the arbitration clause in this sub-section, we
or an Affiliate may bring an action in connection with such a default for damages, injunctive relief,
or both in any court having jurisdiction.
15.2.6 Any disputes concerning the enforceability or scope of the arbitration clause are delegated to the
arbitrator for determination, except for Intellectual Property Claims. Any arbitration will be
conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §1, et seq. (“FAA”), and the parties
agree that the FAA preempts any state law restrictions (including the site of the arbitration) on the
enforcement of the arbitration clause in this Agreement. If the FAA has been repealed or modified
such that it no longer applies to this Agreement, then any disputes shall be resolved in accordance
with applicable law governing this Agreement. The parties agree to waive any right to disclaim or
contest this pre-dispute arbitration agreement.
15.2.7 A party will be in default of this Agreement if it (a) commences action in any court in violation of
this sub-section prior to an arbitrator’s final decision (except as otherwise allowed by this
Agreement, including to compel arbitration), or (b) commences litigation in any forum except
where permitted by this sub-section. The defaulting party will also be responsible for the expenses
the other party incurs to enforce this sub-section, including but not limited to filing fees, court costs,

10

