acts to further the purposes of this Section with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. The
obligations of this Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
D.
Due to the special and unique nature of our Confidential Information, the Marks, and
Confidential Operations Manual, you hereby agree and acknowledge that we shall be entitled to immediate
equitable remedies, including but not limited to, restraining orders and injunctive relief in order to safeguard
such proprietary, confidential, unique, and special information and that money damages alone would be an
insufficient remedy with which to compensate us for any breach of the related terms of this Agreement.
E.
Upon our request, you will promptly return all tangible Confidential Information, including
any reproductions and copies. In the event that you are requested or required to disclose any part of the
Confidential Information in connection with a legal proceeding, investigation or other similar process, you
shall provide us with prompt written notice of any such request or requirement so that we may seek a
protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section.
If, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy or waiver, you are legally compelled to disclose
Confidential Information to any tribunal, you may disclose to such tribunal only that portion of Confidential
Information which your legal counsel advises that you are legally required to disclose without any liability
under this Section.
16.

Accounting and Records.

A.
You shall establish and maintain a bookkeeping, accounting and record keeping system
conforming to the requirements prescribed by us, for the purpose of keeping, and making available to us
upon our written request, complete business records exclusively for the Restaurant for the current year and
for the immediate past three (3) years, including cash register/POS data, control sheets, weekly inventory
and sales reports, deposit slips, business and personal bank statements, canceled checks, sales and purchase
records, business and personal tax returns, Schedule K-1 forms, cash receipts journals, cash disbursements
journals, payroll registers, general ledgers, financial statements, profit and loss statements, balance sheets,
and any other similar records and information we may request. These records must be separate from the
records kept for any other business in which you have an interest.
B.
You shall submit to us such periodic financial and other reports, forms and records as
specified, and in the manner and at the time as specified in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise
in writing.
C.
You shall record all sales on the POS System or other electronic cash registers approved
by us or on such other types of equipment as may be designated by us in the Confidential Operations Manual
or otherwise in writing. You agree that we shall have the right to require you to utilize the computer-based
POS System cash registers that are fully compatible with any program(s) or system(s) that we, in our
direction, may employ. All Gross Sales and all sales information shall be recorded on such equipment. We
shall at all times have real-time and full access to all of your data, POS System, system and related
information by such means as we may determine from time to time, including without limitation direct
access in person, or access by electronic means.
D.
You agree that we will have the right to examine your books, records and any electronic
data necessary to perform an independent audit or other analysis. You also grant us permission to examine,
without prior notice to you, all records of your purchases from a supplier, and you authorize such suppliers
to release your purchase records to us at such times and places as we request. You will allow us and our
representatives, including without limitation our BDs and their representatives, to conduct an audit, review
your business operations and records, including POS System reports, perform audio and visual recordings
to the extent permitted by law, and otherwise access all areas of the Restaurant without prior notice at any
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

20

