Type of Fee
Payment
Terminal Fees6

Amount
Until
Approximately
Q4 2025:

Description

$237.70 for the
P400 payment
terminal;

You will pay this amount for the P400 payment terminal, or if you purchase a
franchise location, the P400 payment terminal in the location should be part of
the purchase.
All new and existing restaurants are required to purchase the P400 payment
terminal from our approved vendor.

$323.30 for the
P400 kit

The kit includes cables, power cord, and countertop cradle. These Payment
Terminal Fees must be paid to us, our affiliate or designee.

Starting in
Approximately
Q4 2025
Ingenico
Payment Device
$10 monthly
lease charge

The new Ingenico device will replace the current terminal. All terminals will
be leased from Fiserv for 5 years and be replaced at the end of the lease with
the new terminal. There is a $10 monthly lease charge payable to Fiserv.
Note: You must use the payment terminal we require for use with your POS
System to participate in the required integrated credit/debit, contactless and
mobile device payment options, Remote Ordering Program and Subway® Card
Program (where available).

Gift Card
Processing
Terminal for
certain NonTraditional
Locations only
$320 for an
Certain non-traditional locations are required to use an SVS issued/configured
issued/configured terminal for processing gift card transactions only. There is a $2.50 monthly
terminal to
maintenance fee payable to SVS.
process gift card
transactions only.
$2.50 monthly
maintenance fee
Note 1:
The extension fee is due when you sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and is non-refundable. If you are
granted an extension, you will have an additional year to open your restaurant with no right to any further extensions.
The term of your franchise will then be for the full number of years granted in the replacement Franchise Agreement
and you will have no right to any additional extensions. This description of the extension fees also applies if you sign a
Franchise Agreement Rider to open a satellite restaurant in a non-traditional location. We may change or eliminate the
extension procedures in the future.
28

