Suppliers may also pay booth fees, sponsorship fees and other fees to participate in franchisee trade shows or
conventions. These payments may subsidize our or our affiliate’s costs to hold a franchisee convention or field meeting.
We have an arrangement with a payment processing provider whereby we receive the following incentives based on
payment processing volume through our provider’s network at Subway® restaurants:
 For debit and prepaid transactions, we receive $0.014 per transaction.
 For debit interchange reimbursement fees, we receive a 0.10% incentive.
 For debit prepaid interchange reimbursement fees, we receive a 0.25% incentive.
We may negotiate other arrangements with suppliers, vendors, manufacturers or distributors. We or our designee may
receive the contributions we negotiate, or we may direct that any contributions we negotiate be placed into one or more
funds to be used for the benefit of franchisees. We cannot guarantee that you will benefit directly from any of these
contributions.
Overall Required Purchases
The products or services we require you to purchase or lease from an approved supplier, or purchase or lease in
accordance with our standards and specifications, are referred to collectively as your “Required Purchases.” We estimate
that your Required Purchases will account for approximately 66.5% to 100% of all purchases and leases necessary to
open your restaurant, and approximately 29.5% to 37.5% of your annual costs to operate your restaurant. These
percentages will vary based on whether you participate in optional programs listed below.
Optional Program Required Purchases
If you choose to offer the following programs at the restaurant, the Required Purchases are as follows:
Soup: The Required Purchases of soup represent 15% of your total purchases in connection with establishing this menu
offering and 100% in continuing it.
Omelet: The Required Purchase of the required equipment package (including induction burners, pans, custom cutting
board, smallwares) may represent almost 30% of your total purchases in connection with establishing this menu offering
and 100% in continuing it.
Derived Revenue
We will derive revenue from purchases you must make in connection with the operation of the restaurant as follows:
1. From direct purchases or payments made to us (used equipment, rental revenue, premium charge, software
licenses);
2. Rebates or purchase discounts from approved suppliers you must use.
We may designate ourselves as the sole approved supplier of any item in our discretion. During 2024, we derived $2,064
in revenue from franchisee required purchases, which is approximately 0.0002% of DAL’s total revenues of
$975,292,000.
The basis for the rebates paid by approved suppliers varies but approved suppliers are generally making contributions
at approximately the following rates based on required franchisee purchases: $0.03 - $0.10 per pound; $0.18 - $1.00
per case; $0.052 per bag; $0.97 - $1.53 per gallon; or 2% to 37% of sales dollars.
We also derive revenue from voluntary and involuntary contributions to various strategic funds, market research and
development, testing, biennial convention fees, and equipment and purchase discounts from approved suppliers you
are not required to use. We collect and administer the contributions in our sole discretion. During 2024, we derived
$136,461,870 in revenue from these various contributions and discounts.

56

