3) Subway Franchise Restaurants of Canada ULC. and Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, ULC v. Abbas Pouya’
Marzieh Pouya and Ali Reza Haghighi Baghal (Ontario Superior Court of Justice court file no. CV-22-006752140000). On January 14, 2022, Subway Franchise Restaurants of Canada ULC (“SFRC”) and Subway Franchise
Systems of Canada, ULC (“SFSC”) filed a statement of claim against the defendants and former franchisees
Abbas Pouya’ Marzieh Pouya and Ali Reza Haghighi Baghal (collectively referred to as “Franchisees”) seeking
damages for breach of contract in the amount of $74,022.48, resulting notably from lease liability that SFRC had
to pay to the landlord after the Franchisees decided to close their restaurant and which the Franchisees refused to
reimburse. On or around May 12, 2022, the Franchisees filed a statement of Defence and Counterclaim against
SFSC and SFRC in which they claim damages of $300,000 resulting from SFSC’s violation of the statutory duty
of good faith and fair dealing towards the Franchisees. The Franchisees alleged that SFSC violated its statutory
obligation when SFSC and SFRC representatives provided misleading advice to the Franchisees by failing to
disclose the availability of COVID-19 relief before advising the Franchisees to abandon their restaurant. SFRC
and SFSC intend to contest the Franchisee’s Counterclaim.
4) Subway Real Estate, LLC. V. Bidhan Biswas; (Supreme Court of the State of New York County of Nassau, Index
No. 611442/2023). Former franchisee Bidhan Biswas filed an answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims in
response to a collection action filed against him by Subway Real Estate, LLC. Bidhan Biswas claims that Doctor’s
Associates LLC did not provide proper notice of a default of his Franchise Agreement, and that he was prohibited
from operating his Subway Restaurant during government mandated COVID shutdowns due to Paragraph 5.b (i)
of his Franchise Agreement. He seeks damages from Doctor’s Associates LLC and Subway Real Estate, LLC for
rent plus royalties and advertising expenses paid for the months of March 2020 through July 2022. On January
26, 2024, Doctor’s Associates LLC filed an application to compel arbitration of Bidhan Biswas’ claims under case
caption Doctor’s Associates LLC v. Bidhan Biswas, Connecticut Superior Court, District of Ansonia/Milford,
Case No. AAN-CV24-6054418-S. DAL’s application to compel arbitration was granted on August 15, 2024.
5) John D. Clark, Brent C. Olson, Peter K. Knoff v. Doctor’s Associates LLC, (American Arbitration Association,
Case Number 01-24-0000-7482). On February 7, 2024, the Company issued a notice of termination of the
Claimants’ Business Development Agreement (“BD Agreement”), for fundamentally breaching their obligations
under the terms of the BD Agreement. On February 15, 2024, the Claimants filed an arbitration proceeding against
Respondent claiming their BD Agreement was improperly terminated; a violation of the Minnesota Franchise Act;
a breach of contract; a breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing; a claim for contractual indemnity; a
violation of the CT Unfair Trade Practices Act (“CUTPA”); and a reservation of right to amend their claim to seek
recovery from additional parties, recovery for additional injuries and further remedies in equity or to assert
additional common law and statutory theories of recovery. The Claimants are seeking an award of a preliminary
and permanent injunction; an order declaring the BD Agreement to be subject to the Minnesota Franchise Act; an
order requiring DAL to comply with the Minnesota Franchise Act; monetary damages; damages, costs, expenses
and attorneys’ fees under the Minnesota Franchise Act; pre-and post-judgment interest; reasonable attorneys’ fees,
expenses and costs pursuant to the common law and CUTPA; punitive damages pursuant to the common law and
CUTPA; an order obligating DAL to indemnify Claimants; and any such other and further relief as the Arbitrator
deems just and equitable. On May 14, 2024, the Respondent filed a Corrected Answer denying the allegations
and Respondent’s Affirmative Defenses to Claimants’ Statement of Claim and Respondent’s Corrected
Counterclaim for breach of contract and failure to indemnify, and a demand for Attorneys’ fees. On May 28,
2024, the Claimants filed an Answer to the Respondent’s Affirmative Defenses and Claimants’ Answer and
Affirmative Defenses to Respondent’s Corrected Counterclaim. On July 14, 2025 the Arbitration panel granted
Respondent's Motion to Dismiss Claimants’ claims regarding the Minnesota Franchise Act. The Arbitration is
pending.
6) Subway Developments (London) Limited, London Food & Beverage Company Limited & General Foods Limited
v Subway International B.V. (International Centre for Dispute Resolution, Case No. 01-24-0007-5495). On
August 30, 2024, the claimants, brought claims against SIBV challenging the termination of their business
development agent agreements (three separate agreements) (“BDAs”). The claimants are seeking an award
declaring (1) the BDAs were improperly terminated; (2) the BDAs are reinstated; (3) the terms of the BDAs run
for two additional five-year terms and SIBV cannot modify the form of the agreement to shorten the renewal
3

