DOCTOR’S ASSOCIATES LLC
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
THIS DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into on the date shown
on the cover page hereof (the “Agreement Date”), by and between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company with a principal office in Shelton, Connecticut (hereinafter “DAL”, “Franchisor”, “we,” “us” or
“our”); and
a
with
their
principal business address at the address set forth in Exhibit A (the “Developer,” “you” or “your”).
RECITALS:
A.
Our affiliate, Subway US IP Holder LLC (“Subway US IP Holder”) is the owner of a proprietary
system for establishing and operating restaurants featuring sandwiches, pizza and salads under our trade name and
service mark, Subway®, which operate with a uniform business format, specially designed equipment, methods,
procedures, and designs (the “System”). The System includes the trademark Subway®, other trademarks, trade
names, service marks, commercial announcements (slogans) and related insignia (logos) owned by Subway US IP
Holder (the “Marks”). The System was developed spending considerable money, time, and effort. The System also
includes confidential information and goodwill. Subway US IP Holder has granted us a non-exclusive license to
use the System in the United States of America and its territories to establish and sublicense others to establish and
operate Subway® restaurants (“Subway® Restaurants” or “Restaurants”). Subway® Restaurants are operated by
persons meeting our qualifications to whom we have granted franchises.
In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises and commitments set forth in this Agreement,
the parties agree as follows:
1

SCOPE AND PURPOSE

1.1

This Agreement only governs your development of new Restaurants, relocation of existing Restaurants and
closure of existing Restaurants with our approval. Any Restaurant so developed or purchased in accordance
with this Agreement will be operated pursuant to the then-current form of franchise agreement we determine
appropriate, consisting of either: (1) our then-current form of single-unit Franchise Agreement for each
such Restaurant in the case of a purchase or development of one Restaurant (in each case, a “Single-Unit
FA”); or (2) our then-current form of Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement in the case of a purchase or
development of multiple Restaurants (in each case, a “MUFA”), which will govern all Restaurants subject
to the MUFA, all as more specifically set forth herein. The term “Franchise Agreement” may be used in
this Agreement to refer to either a Single-Unit FA, a MUFA, or both, as the context requires. Any Restaurant
developed under a Franchise Agreement will be located and operated at a specified location that we
designate and approve (a “Site”).

1.2

Under any Franchise Agreement for one or more existing Restaurants, we may require you to remodel and
upgrade these Restaurants, including without limitation by upgrading certain equipment, to bring these
Restaurants into compliance with our then-current System Standards. You acknowledge that any such
remodels, upgrades or updates will be set forth on a transfer addendum to the Franchise Agreement
applicable to such Restaurant, and in all cases such remodels, upgrades or updates must be completed within
6 months of the effective date of your acquisition of the Restaurant (unless otherwise specified in the
transfer addendum).

1.3

If we deem appropriate, we may determine that the development, opening and operation of one or more
new Restaurants, or the operation of one or more existing Restaurants that you purchase, be governed by
an existing MUFA by amending such existing MUFA to add the newly-purchased or newly-developed

1

