SUBLICENSE
THIS SUBLICENSE (the “Sublicense”), is made on the date shown on the cover page hereof (the
“Sublicense Date”), by and between SUBWAY REAL ESTATE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, (“Sublicensor”), and the party identified as Sublicensee in the Key Contract Data at the
beginning of this Sublicense.
In consideration of the covenants contained in this Sublicense, the parties agree as follows:
1

PROPERTY LICENSED
1.1

Demise. Sublicensor licenses to Sublicensee and Sublicensee licenses from Sublicensor the
premises described in the Master License (defined below) attached hereto (the “Premises”),
subject to any and all reservations, restrictions, easements, rights of way, limitations and
conditions of record, if any. The purpose of this Sublicense is so that Sublicensee can operate a
Subway® restaurant under the terms of a Franchise Agreement with Doctor's Associates LLC
(“DAL”) dated as shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublicense, and under
the franchise number shown on the cover page hereof (“Franchise Agreement”).

1.2

Master License. Sublicensee acknowledges that the Premises are subject to a license between
Sublicensor as licensee and the licensor identified therein (the “Master Licensor”), a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Master License”). Sublicensee acknowledges that
Exhibit A contains a true and correct copy of the Master License. Any conflict between this
Section 1.2 and the other provisions of this Sublicense shall be resolved in favor of this Section
1.2.
1.2.1

This Sublicense is subject and subordinate to the Master License. If the Master License
is terminated for any cause whatsoever, Sublicensee shall promptly vacate and surrender
the Premises to Sublicensor and this Sublicense shall terminate as of the date of
termination of the Master License and Sublicensor shall have no liability and/or
obligation to Sublicensee for the termination of the Sublicense.

1.2.2

Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs, common area maintenance fees, expenses,
charges, assessments, and license fee escalations accruing under the Master License, any
restrictions imposed upon Sublicensor thereunder, together with all repairs,
replacements, restorations, and any other obligations required to be performed by
Sublicensor, as licensee under the Master License, shall be binding upon Sublicensee
herein. In the event the obligations and restrictions imposed on Sublicensee under the
Sublicense conflict with the obligations and restrictions imposed upon Sublicensor as
licensee under the Master License, then the more burdensome and restrictive of such
obligations and restrictions shall prevail and be binding upon Sublicensee herein.

1.2.3

With respect to any consent or approval required to be obtained of Master Licensor under
the Master License (by way of illustration and without limitation, consent to alterations),
Sublicensor’s sole obligation with respect thereto, upon being requested in writing by
Sublicensee, shall be to seek the approval or consent of Master Licensor. Sublicensee
acknowledges and agrees that Sublicensor shall not be liable to Sublicensee with respect
to any delay, default or failure of Master Licensor to grant such consent or approval or
in the performance by the Master Licensor of its obligations and covenants under the
Master License unless such be due to acts or misconduct of Sublicensor and neither shall
the License Fees, Additional License Fees or other Additional Charges under the
Sublicense abate nor shall any of the obligations of Sublicensee under the Sublicense be
affected by reason thereof. Sublicensee further acknowledges and agrees that, with
1

