24. Landlord Consent. If at any time under the provisions of the Lease the consent of the Landlord is
required, it shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
25. Attorneys’ Fees; Waiver of Jury Trial. In the event of litigation between the Landlord and the
Tenant relative to rights, obligations and duties of either party under the Lease, each party shall pay
its own attorneys’ fees and costs. Additionally, Landlord and Tenant agree that, to the extent
permitted under Federal, State or local rules of civil procedure, Landlord and Tenant shall have the
option to participate in any arbitration, deposition or mediation via telephone or video
conferencing. Neither Landlord nor Tenant will compel the other to produce a representative to
appear in person at the aforementioned proceedings in the jurisdiction where the litigation is taking
place. Further, Landlord hereby waives any claim(s) against Tenant and any related parties for
consequential, exemplary, and/or punitive damages. In addition, both parties hereby waive their
rights to a trial by jury.
26. Memorandum of Lease. Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease shall not be recorded. However,
Landlord agrees to execute and deliver to Tenant a memorandum of the Lease in recordable form as
set forth on Attachment 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein at the time this Amendment is
executed. Tenant shall have the right to record said memorandum in the local public registry at
Tenant’s expense. In the event Landlord fails or refuses to execute the Memorandum of Lease within
the specified time period, Tenant, at Tenant’s option, may consider this a default by the Landlord
and terminate the Lease. Landlord hereby appoints the Tenant its attorney-in-fact for purposes of
completing the Memorandum of Lease on behalf of the Landlord and to record the Memorandum of
Lease with the local recording authority. The Landlord agrees that the Tenant and any third party
requiring access to the Memorandum of Lease, may rely upon the information contained therein as
being accurate.
27. Quiet Enjoyment. Landlord covenants that Tenant, upon complying with the terms of the Lease,
shall peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Premises and all rights, easements,
appurtenances and privileges belonging or appertaining thereto. Landlord agrees not to impose any
restrictions or grant any easements or other rights that conflict with Tenant’s rights under the Lease.
Upon request, Landlord shall provide proof of ownership satisfactory to Tenant. Should Landlord
fail to uphold the aforementioned covenant, Landlord and Tenant agree that Tenant’s damages will
be significant and difficult to ascertain. Therefore, Landlord agrees that Tenant’s liquidated damages
recoverable from Landlord for such breach shall be $50,000.00. Landlord acknowledges that this
liquidated damages provision is a fair estimate of Tenant’s damages and does not constitute a
penalty. For the purpose of this Section, any limitation of the personal liability of the Landlord shall
be null and void, and the person executing the Lease on behalf of the Landlord shall be liable for the
aforementioned damages both in his/her capacity and personally. This clause shall survive the
termination of the Lease. No changes or additions by the Landlord will inhibit access to or visibility
of the Premises or decrease parking ratio. Tenant is allowed, at its cost, to prune, cut back or remove
any trees that interfere with visibility of the Premises. If Tenant’s operation or use is at any time
impaired or affected by the closing, relocation, alteration or improvement of any street adjoining the
Premises, Tenant may, at its option, either terminate the Lease, or reduce the rent payable by fifty
percent (50%) during the period of such impairment. Either of these options may be implemented
upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Landlord.
28. Brokers. Landlord and Tenant agree that no brokerage commission or similar compensation is due
in connection with this transaction except for the commission owed to __________________, which
shall be paid by Landlord. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, each party agrees to
indemnify the other against all claims for brokerage commission or other compensation for services
rendered at its instance in connection with this transaction.
9

