15 MISCELLANEOUS
15.1 Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this
Sub-Sublease shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to SubSublandlord at LeaseNotices@subway.com, and to Sub-Subtenant at «Fran_1_Email»
«Entity_Email_»; (ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in writing and sent
for next business day delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier. Notices
sent via hand delivery or via nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed directly to SubSublandlord at its offices at Attn: Legal Department - Leasing, 1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000,
Shelton, CT 06484, and to Sub-Subtenant at the Premises, or at such other address as either party
shall from time to time designate in writing. Email notices must contain the capitalized words
“LEGAL NOTICE” in the subject line. The sender of an email notice must request a read receipt
and the recipient must allow a read receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email
notices shall be effective upon receipt by the sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the
notice. Hand delivered notices shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered.
Notices sent for next business day delivery by nationally recognized courier shall be deemed to
be effective on the next business day.
15.2 Construction. In the event that any of the provisions of this Sub-Sublease shall by court order
be held invalid or in contravention of any of the laws of the United States or of any state having
jurisdiction over the subject matter or of any dispute arising under it, such invalidation shall not
serve to affect the remaining portion of this Sub-Sublease. To the extent permitted by the laws
of the state where the Premises are located, this Sub-Sublease shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, and otherwise shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State where the Premises are located.
15.3 Successors. This Sub-Sublease shall bind Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant and their
successors, heirs, assigns, administrators, and legal representatives, as the case may be.
15.4 Counterparts. This Sub-Sublease may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together
shall be construed as one and the same document. Executed counterparts of this Sub-Sublease
with signatures sent by electronic mail (i.e., in PDF format) or signed electronically via DocuSign
may be used in the place of original signatures of this Sub-Sublease. The parties intend to be
bound by the signatures of the electronically mailed or signed signatures and the delivery of the
same shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Sub-Sublease. The
parties hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of this terms of this Sub-Sublease based
on the form of the signature or delivery thereof and hereby agree that such electronically mailed
or signed signatures shall be conclusive proof, admissible in arbitration and judicial proceedings,
of the parties’ execution of this Sub-Sublease.
15.5 No Agency. The parties hereto agree that the business relationship created by this Sub-Sublease
is solely that of Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant. Nothing contained in this Sub-Sublease
shall make Sub-Subtenant an agent, legal representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer or
employee of Sub-Sublandlord. Sub-Subtenant shall have no right or power to, and shall not, bind
or obligate Sub-Sublandlord in any way, manner or thing whatsoever, nor represent that it has
any right to do so.
15.6 Time of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in every part of this Sub-Sublease.
15.7 Binding Effect. This Sub-Sublease shall become immediately binding on the parties to this SubSublease on the date the last party signs it, notwithstanding that the Term of this Sub-Sublease
may commence upon a future date.
16

