4.1.3

Keep in force business interruption insurance that covers the then current License Fees
and the annual premiums for insurance required by this Article.

4.1.4

If requested by Sublicensor, provide and keep in force insurance for such other insurable
hazards in such amounts as similarly situated Premises are then commonly insured.

4.2

Policies. All insurance required by Sublicensor and provided by Sublicensee shall be carried in
favor of Sublicensor and Sublicensee, as their respective interests may appear, the Master
Licensor, and any underlying fee owner, affiliate corporation, trustee, mortgagee or other person
designated by Sublicensor or as required under the Master License. All insurance shall be
obtained from companies licensed to do business in the state in which the Premises are located
and which have a rating by Bests Rating Guide of at least “A”. Sublicensee shall procure policies
for all insurance for periods of not less than one (1) year and shall deliver to Sublicensor all
policies or certificates of insurance with evidence of payment of all premiums. Sublicensee shall
procure renewals of these policies from time to time before their respective expiration dates. All
insurance policies shall be non-assessable and shall require thirty (30) days’ written notice to
Sublicensor of any cancellation or change affecting Sublicensor’s coverage under the policies.
All property damage and business interruption policies of Sublicensee shall contain a waiver of
any subrogation rights which Sublicensee’s insurers may have against Sublicensor, even if the
loss suffered is caused by the act, omission or negligence of Sublicensor.

4.3

Adjusting; Proceeds. Claims for loss due to damage to the Premises under any policies provided
for in this Sublicense shall be adjusted with the insurance companies:
4.3.1

by Sublicensee in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or destruction
not exceeding $10,000, or

4.3.2

by Sublicensor and Sublicensee, in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage
or destruction exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the rights of Master
Licensor and any mortgagee, the proceeds of any insurance shall be payable as follows:
4.3.2.1

With respect to any loss not exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, proceeds shall
be paid to Sublicensee, who shall hold them in trust for the purpose of paying
the costs of repair and restoration; and

4.3.2.2

With respect to losses exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, the proceeds may,
at Sublicensor’s option, be paid to Sublicensor or its designee and shall be
applied to pay the costs of repair and restoration as directed by Sublicensor.

4.4

Joint Efforts. Sublicensee and Sublicensor shall cooperate in attempts to collect any insurance
proceeds that may be due in the event of loss, and Sublicensee shall execute and deliver to
Sublicensor such proofs of loss and other instruments which may be required for the purpose of
recovering these proceeds.

4.5

Waiver of Subrogation. Sublicensee agrees to look solely to the proceeds of its own insurer for
indemnity against exposure for loss of property or business interruption. Sublicensee warrants
that its property and business interruption insurers shall have no rights against Sublicensor by
virtue of assignment, subrogation, loan agreement or otherwise.

4.6

Cancellation of Insurance. If any insurance policy covering the Premises or any part of it is
canceled or is threatened by the insurer to be canceled, or if the coverage thereunder is reduced
in any way by the insurer for any reason, and if Sublicensee fails to remedy the condition giving
rise to cancellation, threatened cancellation, or reduction of coverage within five (5) business
days after notice thereof by Sublicensor, Sublicensor may, at its option, either (i) reenter the
Premises forthwith by leaving upon the Premises a notice in writing of its intention to do so or
(ii) enter the Premises and remedy the condition giving rise to such cancellation, threatened
5

