Add the following at the end of the second column for Item s:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subpara II.i.
Add the following at the end of the second column for Item t:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subparas. II.c. and II.g.
Item 10
FINANCING
If your Co-Branded Location will be located within a Walmart store, SRL will enter into a Master Sublease Agreement,
including a Sublease for each leased premises with TTTSM and it will further sub-sublease the premises to you. The
landlord is Walmart Stores, Inc., Walmart Stores East, LP, Walmart Louisiana, LLC and Walmart Texas, LLC as discussed
in Item 5. You will pay rent for the Subway® restaurants and AUNTIE ANNE’S® stores separately in accordance with the
Master Sublease Agreement. Your rent will be a percentage of your monthly gross sales for your Subway® restaurant and
your AUNTIE ANNE’S® store. DAL and SRL have an interest in compensation that often may include, but is not limited
to, lost royalties, loss of market penetration, extended down time and other factors associated with the termination of the
Master Sublease, or the Sublease pertaining to an individual restaurant premises. TTTSM may require a right of first refusal
if you want to transfer your Co-Branded Location. You should read the Master Sublease, including the Sublease, and the
Sub-Sublease Agreement carefully. You and SRL waive trial by jury (Sub-Sublease Paragraph 5). The individuals who
sign the Franchise Agreement must also sign the Sub-Sublease Agreement and are personally liable for payments under the
Sub-Sublease Agreement. If you default under the provisions of the Master Sublease, SRL may terminate the Sub-Sublease
Agreement on 10 days’ written notice, and you must surrender and leave the premises. See Sub-Sublease Agreement
Paragraph 5. A default of the Sub-Sublease Agreement is a default of the Franchise Agreement and we may terminate your
Franchise Agreement. A default under your Franchise Agreement will be a default under your Sub-Sublease Agreement.
See Sub-Sublease Agreement Paragraph 5. SRL may evict you if you do not leave. Any action to enforce SRL’s rights
against you under the Sub-Sublease Agreement is not considered an arbitrable dispute under the Franchise Agreement, and
is not subject to the arbitration required under the Franchise Agreement. You will remain liable for payment of the balance
of the rent due under the Master Sublease, and you will pay SRL’s costs and legal fees if litigation occurs and you lose. See
Sub-Sublease Agreement Paragraph 5. SRL may charge you interest on all past due amounts at the rate provided in the
Master Sublease.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Add to Pre-Opening Obligations:
The leasing and extension procedures may vary or may not apply under our programs for purchase of a specific location
under the AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider or Franchise Agreement Rider.
Add to Pre-Opening Obligations:
If your Co-Branded Location will be located within a Walmart store, you will confirm its location by signing an Intent to
Sub-Sublease, if you have not previously signed one for the location. You must enter into a Sub-Sublease Agreement with
SRL for the premises within 1 year after signing the Franchise Agreement or your Franchise Agreement will automatically
terminate unless you request an extension in writing, pay an extension fee, and then sign a replacement Franchise
Agreement. The term of the Sub-Sublease Agreement will equal the full term of the Master Sublease (including renewal
options, if any) minus one day. You will pay rent for your Co-Branded Location to TTTSM in accordance with the Master
Sublease Agreement. SRL may terminate your Sub-Sublease Agreement if you breach the Master Sublease or materially
breach the Franchise Agreement. See Item 5 and Item 10. If TTTSM terminates the Master Sublease or the Sublease for
the premises and an arbitrator or court determines you did not breach the Sub-Sublease Agreement, but it was our fault or
SRL’s fault that TTTSM terminated the Master Sublease or Sublease, then our obligation to you will be limited to the cost
of your leasehold improvements less depreciation using a 5 year life under the straight-line method. We will pay you when
you reopen the restaurant in a new location. If the arbitrator or court determines you breached the Sub-Sublease Agreement
4

