29. Rent Reduction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if during the first two
(2) years following the Effective Date of this Amendment, the Landlord executes a lease for space
in the Building to another tenant at a per square foot rate which is less than the per square foot rate
under the Lease, Landlord shall reduce the rent to be equal to such lower per square foot rate.
Landlord shall notify Tenant of such reduction in rent within five (5) business days of executing the
new lease and shall execute an addendum confirming the rent reduction.
30. Execution of Amendment. In the event Landlord does not execute this Amendment and return a
fully executed original within thirty (30) days of execution by Tenant, the Tenant may declare this
Amendment null and void. Within three (3) business days, Landlord shall return any and all monies
paid and all counterparts of this Amendment executed by Tenant.
31. Right of First Refusal.
a. “ROFR Space” shall mean any area in the Building that can be configured to include a
drive-through for food sales to customers in their automobiles (such as an end-cap space, for
example), including without limitation: [Suite No.(s) or other identifier(s) of space].
b. If at any time during the Lease term the ROFR Space is vacant and unencumbered by any
rights of any third party, and if Landlord intends to enter into a lease (the “Proposed Lease”)
for the ROFR Space with anyone (a “Proposed Tenant”) other than the tenant then
occupying such space, then Landlord shall first offer to Tenant the right to lease such ROFR
Space upon all the terms and conditions of the Proposed Lease for the ROFR Space.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, the right of first refusal granted to
Tenant under this Amendment shall be subject and subordinate to (i) the rights of all tenants
at the Building under existing leases, and (ii) the herein reserved right of Landlord to renew
or extend the term of any lease with the tenant then occupying such space, whether pursuant
to a renewal or extension option in such lease or otherwise.
c. Such offer shall be made by Landlord to Tenant in a written notice (the “ROFR Notice”)
which offer shall designate the space being offered and shall specify the terms for such
ROFR Space which shall be the same as those set forth in the Proposed Lease. Tenant may
accept the offer set forth in the ROFR Notice by delivering to Landlord a notice of
acceptance (“Tenant’s Notice”) of such offer within ten (10) business days after delivery
by Landlord of the ROFR Notice to Tenant. In order to send the ROFR Notice, Landlord
does not need to have negotiated a complete lease with the Proposed Tenant but may merely
have agreed upon the material economic terms for the Proposed Lease, and Tenant must
make its decision with respect to the ROFR Space as long as it has received a description of
such material economic terms.
d. If Tenant at any time declines any ROFR Space offered by Landlord, Landlord shall be free
to lease the ROFR Space to the Proposed Tenant.
32. Force Majeure. If either party fails to perform any of its obligations under the Lease as a result of
Force Majeure, such party shall not be liable for loss or damage for the failure and the other party
shall not be released from any of its obligations under the Lease. If either party is delayed or
prevented from performing any of its obligations as a result of Force Majeure, the period of delay or
prevention shall be added to the time herein provided for the performance of any such obligation.

10

