4. Confidentiality. Landlord acknowledges that all information obtained by Landlord or
Landlord’s agents, officers, employees or directors (collectively, “Landlord Parties”) relating to
the unique and distinctive features of Tenant’s or Franchisor’s plans and specifications, business
and operating methods, and any financial data relating to Tenant or Franchisor (collectively,
“Confidential Information”) are of a confidential nature. Landlord shall ensure that no
Confidential Information is used or disclosed by any of the Landlord Parties except as may be
required by a court of law. Landlord shall not issue any press release or other public disclosure
using the name, logo, or otherwise referring to Franchisor or any of its affiliates, and shall not
permit any of the Landlord Parties or Landlord’s broker, press agent or other party to do so, without
the prior written consent of Franchisor.
5. Use of the Premises. During the term of the Franchise Agreement, Tenant will be permitted
to use the Premises for the operation of a Subway® restaurant (together with any third-party addon concept permitted under the Franchise Agreement) and for no other purpose.
6. Signage and Marks. Subject to applicable zoning laws and title restrictions, Landlord
consents to the installation and use of such trademarks, service marks, signs, decor items, color
schemes, and related components of the Subway® system (and any third-party add-on concept
permitted under the Franchise Agreement) as Franchisor may from time to time prescribe.
7. Conflict Between Lease and Rider. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the
provisions of this Rider and any other provision of the Lease or any of the exhibits or other
attachments to the Lease, the provisions of this Rider shall prevail and be interpreted in such a
manner as to override any provision of the Lease, exhibits or attachments that would prevent the
spirit and letter of this Rider from being given full force and effect. Any amendments to the Lease
by Landlord and Tenant that purport to diminish Franchisor’s rights under this Rider or restrict
Tenant from locating Subway® restaurants within a certain distance from the Premises (i.e., a
radius restriction) without Franchisor’s prior written consent shall be void ab initio.
8. Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by
this Rider shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to Franchisor at
SubwayRealEstate@Subway.com, to Landlord at ________________ and to Tenant at
________________; (ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in writing and sent
for next business day delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier. Notices
sent via hand delivery or via nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed to the parties at the
addresses below, or at such other address as either party shall from time to time designate in
writing. Email notices must contain the capitalized words “LEGAL NOTICE” in the subject line.
The sender of an email notice must request a read receipt and the recipient must allow a read
receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email notices shall be effective upon receipt
by the sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the notice. Hand delivered notices shall be
deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered. Notices sent for next business day delivery by
nationally recognized courier shall be deemed to be effective on the next business day.
Franchisor:

Attn: Legal Department - Leasing
1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000,
Shelton, CT 06484

3

