3.
You and we agree that any proceeding will be conducted on an individual basis,
and that any proceeding between us (or any of our affiliates) and you or your owners may not be:
(i) conducted on a class-wide basis or as a collective action, (ii) consolidated with another
proceeding between us and any other person or entity, nor may any claims of another party or
parties be joined with any claims asserted in any action or proceeding between you and us, (iii)
joined with any claim of an unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on your behalf by any
association or agency. No previous course of dealing shall be admissible to explain, modify, or
contradict the terms of this Agreement. No implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing shall be
used to alter the express terms of this Agreement.
I.
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. If either party initiates a judicial or other proceeding, the party
prevailing in such proceeding shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees. If we become a party to any action or proceeding commenced or instituted
against us by a third party arising out of or relating to any claimed or actual act, error or omission of yours,
by virtue of statutory, “vicarious“, “principal/agent” or other liabilities asserted against or imposed on us as
a result of our status as franchisor, or if we become a party to any litigation or any insolvency proceeding
involving you pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency code (including any adversary proceedings in
conjunction with bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), then you will be liable to, and must promptly
reimburse us for, the reasonable attorneys’ fees, experts’ fees, court costs, travel and lodging costs and all
other expenses we incur in such action or proceeding regardless of whether such action or proceeding
proceeds to judgment. In addition, we will be entitled to add all costs of collection, interest, attorneys’ fees
and experts’ fees to our proof of claim in any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding you file.
J.
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the Franchise shall be
governed by the internal laws of the state of Florida, without regard to conflict of laws rules, except to the
extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 et seq.). The
parties agree that any franchise law or business opportunity law of the State of Florida now in effect or
adopted or amended after the date of this Agreement will not apply to franchises located outside of Florida.
SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS BELOW, WE AND YOU (AND EACH OWNER)
AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE AS A
RESULT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES MUST BE COMMENCED IN THE
STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN OR NEAREST TO WHERE WE THEN HAVE OUR
HEADQUARTERS. WE AND YOU (AND EACH OWNER) IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE
JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO EITHER THE
JURISDICTION OF OR VENUE IN THOSE COURTS.
K.

Arbitration.

1.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the
breach thereof, or the business relationship between the parties will be settled by arbitration to be
administered by either the American Arbitration Association or its successor (“AAA”). AAA will
administer the arbitration in accordance with its administrative rules (including, as applicable, the
Commercial Rules of the AAA and the Expedited Procedures of such rules). If AAA is no longer
in business, then the parties will mutually agree upon an alternative administrative arbitration
agency. If the parties cannot mutually agree, then the parties agree to take the matter to a court of
competent jurisdiction to select the agency. Judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction thereof. The costs of the arbitration will be shared equally by the
parties, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. The parties also agree that neither party
will pursue class claims or group or collective actions. The parties further agree not to consolidate
the arbitration with any other proceedings, except for arbitrations in which you and we are the sole
parties. The parties will honor validly served subpoenas, warrants and court orders.
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

36

