automatically terminate, regardless of the length of term remaining on the Base Restaurant
Franchise Agreement, if the Lease for the Short Term Satellite Restaurant or the Base Restaurant
terminates or expires. Provided you send written notice at least 60 days prior to the expiration of
the initial 1-year term, this Agreement may be renewed for an additional 1-year term, if mutually
agreed upon by both parties. There will be a $1,000 renewal fee.
ii.

Standard Satellite Restaurant: The Term will be from the Agreement Date until the termination or
expiration of the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, subject to earlier termination. Upon
expiration of the term of the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, and provided that the Base
Restaurant Franchise Agreement is renewed in accordance with its terms, this Agreement will
automatically renew for additional periods in line with the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement.
There will be a renewal fee equal to 25% of the then-current franchise fee for Standard Satellite
Restaurants. This Agreement will automatically terminate, regardless of the length of term
remaining on the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, if the Sublease or Approved Lease for the
Standard Satellite Restaurant or the Base Restaurant terminates or expires and you do not relocate
the Standard Satellite Restaurant or Base Restaurant (as applicable).

K.

Any default under the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement will also constitute a default under this
Agreement, and will result in the termination of this Agreement if the default is not cured and the Base
Restaurant Franchise Agreement is terminated.

L.

In regard to transfers:
i.

Short Term Satellite Restaurant: You pay a reduced satellite transfer fee of $1,000, or $500 if you
transfer to, or transfer by adding, your spouse or child, plus any applicable sales tax, legal,
accounting, training, and other expenses we incur in connection with the transfer, plus the transfer
fee required by the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement if the Base Restaurant Franchise
Agreement is transferred.

ii.

Standard Satellite Restaurant: You pay a reduced satellite transfer fee of $3,000, or $1,500 if you
transfer to, or transfer by adding, your spouse or child, plus any applicable sales tax, legal,
accounting, training, and other expenses we incur in connection with the transfer, plus the transfer
fee required by the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement if the Base Restaurant Franchise
Agreement is transferred.

You acknowledge and understand that because of our requirement a satellite restaurant cannot be selfsufficient (unless we specifically approve), and the persons signing this Agreement as franchisee must be
identical at all times to the persons who are the parties to the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, you
may not transfer this Agreement and the Satellite Restaurant separately and apart from the Base Restaurant
Franchise Agreement and the Base Restaurant. Also, you may not transfer the Base Restaurant Franchise
Agreement and the Base Restaurant without also transferring this Agreement and the Satellite Restaurant
to the same purchaser, except in isolated circumstances where there is a good business reason to do so. This
requirement that the Base Restaurant and the Satellite Restaurant must be transferred together will apply
with equal force to our right of first refusal and any right we have to purchase the Satellite Restaurant under
this Agreement.
M.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE WE HAVE NOT MADE ANY PROMISES OR
GUARANTEES WE CAN OBTAIN A LEASE OR LICENSE FOR THE LOCATION IDENTIFIED.
YOU AGREE YOUR ONLY REMEDY IF WE DO NOT OBTAIN A LEASE OR A LICENSE FOR
THE LOCATION, AND WE DO NOT OFFER YOU A SUBLEASE FOR THE PREMISES WITHIN
14
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

