We may also negotiate with governmental and institutional franchisees purchasing a franchise for a school lunch
location, but not with individual franchisees. We may negotiate areas, such as the choice of governing law, insurance,
and indemnification provisions, to address the needs of school boards, school districts, and municipalities.
Note 3:
To qualify for the School Lunch Delivery Program you must have owned and operated a Subway® restaurant for at least
6 months and your restaurant must be in substantial compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual). Additionally,
you must have established a pre-authorized account and all of your accounts with us must be current. If you are a school
lunch delivery franchisee, you may have to modify the food items you offer for sale and buy food products approved
for the School Lunch Program in order to satisfy nutritional requirements. This program is not related to the School
Lunch Program discussed earlier in this Item.
Note 4:
If you choose to locate your restaurant at an AAFES, NEXCOM or MCCS location, you may be required to receive an
AAFES, NEXCOM or MCCS Addendum to this Disclosure Document (as applicable) and you may be required to
execute an AAFES, NEXCOM or MCCS Rider to the Franchise Agreement (as applicable) which amends the standard
form of Franchise Agreement. Contact the FWH Development Team for more information about these locations,
including when an addendum or rider may be applicable.
If your restaurant will be located on a military base, and the franchisee will be a government entity, then solely for the
purpose of accommodating state sovereignty, we may negotiate the following requirements of the franchise agreement:
waiver of the franchise fee for additional sites on the same military base, arbitration, the venue of the site for settlement
of disputes, waiver of trial by jury, and the limitation on liability. Generally, these requirements will not be negotiated
with an individual or with a non-government entity establishing a restaurant at a military base.
Note 5:
You may establish a satellite restaurant only if you already operate a Base Restaurant near the proposed satellite location.
Your proposed Base Restaurant and all other restaurants that you own must be in substantial compliance (as defined in
the Operations Manual) and there must be no material defaults under any of your Franchise Agreements. You must also
otherwise qualify under our rules. We grant the franchise for a satellite restaurant separately and under a different
agreement from the franchise for the Base Restaurant that will support the satellite location. If we approve the location,
we will enter into a new and separate Franchise Agreement with you licensing the satellite location only. The Franchise
Agreement for a satellite location consists of our standard form of Franchise Agreement and the Franchise Agreement
Rider. The Franchise Agreement Rider amends and supplements the standard form of Franchise Agreement. In some
circumstances, we may allow you to establish a satellite location in a non-traditional location, and you must also sign
the Franchise Agreement Rider.
Note 6:
The Franchise Agreement for a short-term satellite location consists of our standard form of Franchise Agreement and
the Franchise Agreement Rider, which amends the standard form of Franchise Agreement.
Note 7:
Non-traditional locations are not eligible to be “Dual Location Test Sites” at this time. The Franchise Agreement for a
short-term satellite location consists of our standard form of Franchise Agreement and the Franchise Agreement Rider,
which amends the standard form of Franchise Agreement.
Note 8:
We may negotiate agreements with other third parties and will give you the information on any additional co-branding
opportunities. You must review your lease to determine if there are any restrictions that would prevent you from
16

