Franchise:
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM FOR STATE OF CALIFORNIA
This Addendum (“Addendum”) dated
,
(the “Effective Date”) amends and supplements the
Franchise Agreement of the same date between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with a
principal office in Shelton, Connecticut (“we”, “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”). The Franchise Agreement, as amended by this Addendum, will be called this
“Agreement”. Capitalized terms used in this Rider that are defined in the Franchise Agreement will have the meanings
given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS:
A. The parties agree it is their intent and desire to amend this Agreement to comply with the requirements set forth in
the California Franchise Investment Act (“Franchise Act”). The parties are signing this Addendum, in part, to comply
with the Franchise Act. The parties agree that if it is later believed by a party or otherwise determined that the Franchise
Agreement fails to comply with the Franchise Act, the parties will further modify the Franchise Agreement so that it will
be in compliance.
AGREEMENT:
Acknowledging and agreeing to Recital above, which is added to the Recitals of the Franchise Agreement and is herein
incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any provisions of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise Agreement as follows:
I. If we give you ten (10) days’ written notice, we may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights or
remedies provided under this Agreement, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you abandon the Restaurant for five (5) or
more consecutive days; (ii) you fail to pay any money you owe us, our Affiliates, the landlord of the premises under this
Agreement or any other Franchise Agreement you have with us, or you fail to pay any amounts we may become liable
to pay because of your action or omission; (iii) you are evicted from the Restaurant location for non-payment of rent or
related charges; or (iv) you use the Restaurant or the Restaurant location for any unauthorized use that we believe is
injurious or prejudicial to the System, the Marks or goodwill. The notice will specify the default and provide you ten
(10) days to remedy the default from the date of delivery of the notice.
II. If we give you ninety (90) days’ written notice, we may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights
or remedies provided under this Agreement, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you do not substantially perform all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement; (ii) you lose possession of the premises where the Restaurant is located; (iii)
you become(s) insolvent, make(s) an assignment for the benefit of creditors or seek(s) bankruptcy relief either through
reorganization or liquidation, in any court, legal or equitable; (iv) you lose any permit or license you need to operate the
Restaurant; (v) you fail to comply with your duties under this Agreement or the Operations Manual; (vi) you fail to
obtain from us or the BD approval to open the Restaurant or to re-open the Restaurant after a relocation; (vii) you fail to
properly report gross sales as provided in this Agreement; (viii) you fail to complete any transfer or assignment of the
Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement, as applicable; or (ix) you violate the covenant not to compete. The notice
will specify the default and provide you sixty (60) days to remedy the default from the date of delivery of the notice. If
you cure the default within sixty (60) days, the notice will be void.
III. We may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights or remedies provided under this Agreement,
terminate this Agreement without an opportunity to remedy the default unless prohibited by law if: (i) you fail to comply
with all civil and criminal laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and orders of public authorities; (ii) you intentionally
under-report gross sales, falsify financial data, make a material misrepresentation to us (such as altering an impact
survey) or otherwise commit an act of fraud; (iii) you are convicted of or plead guilty or “nolo contendere” to a felony,
a crime of violence, moral turpitude, an indictable offense, unfair or deceptive trade practices, or any other crime or
offense that is injurious or prejudicial to the System, the Marks or goodwill; (iv) you use the Restaurant or the Restaurant
location for any illegal use which would present an imminent danger to the health or safety of the general public; (v) we

1

