The SubwayPOS® software is used in conjunction with several software programs and applications, including, but not
limited to, front counter, Menu Manager, near-real time reporting (“Subway Live IQ™”), workforce management (“Live
IQ - Labor”), business intelligence (“SubwayIQ”), Dashboard, Subway® Payment Manager software, Progress DBMS
software, TeamViewer or other remote management software, remote access and software deployment application
(“BixFix Endpoint Management Software” or “BigFix”), and antivirus software (Akamai Enterprise Threat Protector
and VMware Carbon Black). One or more of the software programs and/or applications described above may only be
used in conjunction with SubwayPOS® software. Also, one or more of these software programs and/or applications be
owned by third parties and licensed to one or more of our affiliates with the right to sublicense it to you.
You will pay a monthly Restaurant Technology Fee of approximately $75. In addition to the SubwayPOS®, the
Restaurant Technology Fee will cover other types of restaurant technology. This monthly Restaurant Technology Fee
may be subject to change each year. We may withdraw these fees from your pre-authorized account with us. In addition
to the Restaurant Technology Fee, we reserve the right to impose a Digital Technology Fee in the future to cover our
costs of development, infrastructure and support of programs including our Subway® App, Online Ordering, Third-Party
Delivery platform support, Digital Menu Boards and Social Media Platforms.
You must also install and use the approved Subway® Payment Manager (“SPM”) software which is only available from
us. We will license the SPM software to you. If you use the SubwayPOS® software, your use of the SPM software is
subject to the terms and conditions of the SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement. One individual listed on the
Franchise Agreement or one representative on behalf of an approved entity franchisee may accept the agreement on
behalf of all individuals identified as franchisee on the Franchise Agreement or the approved entity franchisee. You
must consult with all such individuals or any necessary representatives of an approved entity franchisee before accepting
to be bound by the Subway® Payment Manager Software End User License Agreement. The Subway® Payment Manager
Software End User License Agreement grants you the right to use and install one copy of the software on a single POS
System and may not be shared or used concurrently on separate POS Systems. You may transfer all or part of your rights
under the Subway® Payment Manager Software End User License Agreement to another Subway® franchisee in good
standing with us with our prior written consent. We may make changes to the Subway® Payment Manager Software
End User License Agreement at any time in order to keep pace with advances in technology and other initiatives, and
you may be required to agree to our then current form of Subway® Payment Manager Software End User License
Agreement in order to access required software updates. We or an affiliate may earn a profit from the licensing of the
SPM software.
You are required to participate in the Subway® Gift Card and Remote Ordering programs. To support the Subway®
Gift Card Program, you must obtain card services from Comdata Inc. through its Stored Value Solutions division
(“SVS”). In connection with this program, you must execute the Franchisee Participation Agreement attached as Exhibit
A-11. You will pay SVS an initial fee of $60 to $140, which includes initial Subway® Gift Card inventory, envelopes
and a Subway® Gift Card display. Additional Subway® Gift Card supply costs about $0.10 per card, $.06 per envelope
and $20 per display, plus shipping. Certain non-traditional locations must purchase an SVS issued/configured terminal
to process gift card transactions. The cost of the payment terminal is $320 plus shipping. You will pay SVS a redemption
fee equal to 2.5% of each transaction amount in which the Subway® Gift Card was redeemed by a guest.
You are required to accept credit/debit, contactless and mobile device payments. You are required to use the integrated
payment solution we designate, which includes use of a designated acquirer and processor for payment processing
services and integration of your payment terminal and bar code reader into your POS system, in all of your new and
existing restaurants, unless we grant you a waiver. We are in the process of transitioning to new payment terminals and
a new integrated credit/debit payment processor. The P400 payment terminals is required for use in all locations, except
certain non-traditional locations which are required to use an SVS issued/configured terminal for processing gift card
transactions only.
All new and existing restaurants are required to purchase the P400 payment terminal from our approved supplier.
Payment plans will vary depending on when you purchased the P400 payment terminal. You may be required to purchase
additional payment terminals from us if you have more than one POS terminal at your restaurant.

68

