any time upon providing ninety (90) days’ written notice. If you elect to
terminate your Sub-Sublicense, you will pay to Walmart an early
termination fee equal to 6 months of licensing fees, utilities, and grease
trap maintenance (if applicable). These amounts will be based on your
average payments for licensing fees, utilities, and grease trap
maintenance for the previous 12 month period. Any future renewal of
your Sub-Sublicense for an additional period of time will be at the
option of Walmart.
Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item e. Termination by franchisor without cause:
Walmart Sub-Sublease, Exhibit In accordance with the terms of the Master Sublease, TTTSM may
B Article III.4 and 6
terminate the Sub-Sublease without cause by providing you with written
notice at least sixty (60) calendar days in advance. You must vacate the
premises no later than five (5) business days before the termination date
and remove personal property, interior and exterior signage. Upon
termination, TTTSM will reimburse you for the unamortized cost of
your improvements and remodels to the premises, calculated on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. You must provide documentation
of such costs within fifteen (15) business days of TTTSM’s written
request. TTTSM will also pay an early termination fee equal to six (6)
months’ rent, based on your average monthly Gross Sales over the prior
twelve (12) months, payable within forty-five (45) calendar days of the
termination date. TTTSM may offer you relocation to another Walmart
location at their discretion.
If the Sub-Sublease terminates due to the Walmart store closure,
TTTSM will provide you with at least thirty (30) calendar days’ written
notice (the “Closure Termination Date”). TTTSM will reimburse you
for the unamortized portion of your initial improvement and remodel
costs, calculated on a straight-line basis over the lease term. TTTSM
will also pay a buyout fee equal to six (6) months’ Rent, based on your
average monthly Gross Sales over the prior twelve (12) months, payable
within forty-five (45) calendar days of the Closure Termination Date.
TTTSM may offer you relocation to another Walmart location at their
discretion.
Legacy Walmart Sub-Sublease

Under Paragraph XI of the Walmart Location Rider, if TTTSM
terminates the Master Sublease or the Sublease for the premises and an
arbitrator or court determines you did not breach the Sub-Sublease
Agreement, but it was our fault or SRL’s fault that TTTSM terminated
the Master Sublease or Sublease, then our obligation to you will be
limited to the cost of your leasehold improvements less depreciation
using a 5 year life under the straight-line method. We will pay you
when you reopen the restaurant in a new location. If the arbitrator or
court determines you breached the Sub-Sublease Agreement or it was
not our fault or SRL’s fault that TTTSM terminated the Master Sublease
or Sublease, we and SRL will have no obligation to you for such
termination.
In accordance with the terms of the Master Sublease, Walmart will have
the right to terminate your Sub-Sublease without cause at any time, with
prior written notice to you. The termination date of your Sub-Sublease
will be effective 9 months from the date of receipt of your written notice
of termination. Walmart shall not have the right to terminate your SubSublease if your restaurant has a capture rate of at least 3.5% (the
8

