reimbursement rates associated with the loyalty/reward program are based on an average cost of goods sold for the US.
We will review the average costs of goods sold in the US on an annual basis. As a result, your fees and reimbursement
rates for the loyalty/reward program may change annually. Funds paid to Subway MyWay, LLC may be used for
promotional costs, and to support Sub Club program innovation, technology & initiatives.
Subway® Remote Ordering Program. You are required to participate in the Subway® Remote Ordering Program to
accept and process individual orders for Subway® menu items from guests. The online ordering website and the Subway®
mobile application are managed by the FWH Technology Department and its subcontractors. Orders placed by guests
online or with the Subway® mobile application will be routed to the guest’s chosen restaurant. To participate in the
required Remote Ordering Program, you must review and download the Remote Ordering materials and ensure your
POS System and remote order menus are current and by keeping local items up-to-date. You must also display the
required signage and install external speakers for your POS hardware. Currently, there are no additional fees to
participate; however, you will incur credit card processing fees on these transactions. These processing fees will be
charged to you and collected by the credit card acquirer and processor we have designated on a monthly basis.
Confidential Operations Manual. You will have access to a copy of the Operations Manual in electronic form on the
Subway® intranet website. This electronic version will be updated periodically. We do not normally issue the Operations
Manual to prospective franchisees but will permit you to inspect the Operations Manual at FWH’s headquarters or at
your Business Developer’s office or elsewhere, upon your request, before you purchase the franchise.
We may modify the Operations Manual, unilaterally at any time during the term of your Franchise Agreement under
any condition and to any extent which we consider necessary, to meet competition, protect trademarks, service marks,
copyrights or trade names, or improve the quality of the product or service provided by the Subway® restaurant, if
modifications are applicable to all franchisees. We may have policies and procedures which apply only to certain
programs, such as satellite, non-traditional, school lunch, catering or the breakfast program, and these policies and
procedures do not apply to franchisees not participating in the program.
Training Programs. Before you open for business, you or your Designated Manager, and any other employees we
require pursuant to the Operations Manual, must successfully complete the Franchisee Training Program (the “Training
Program”) to our satisfaction. For most effectiveness, we recommend that you schedule your training as close to the
restaurant opening as possible. If you are purchasing an existing restaurant through a transfer, we must approve your
transfer before the Global Learning and Development Department of FWH will register you for training. You must
attend training before the close of the transfer unless we permit otherwise.
You may request permission from us for your restaurant manager to complete the Training Program alongside you or
your Designated Manager.
If you do not have a Designated Manager successfully complete the Training Program, then you must successfully
complete it. Under these circumstances, you will be exempt from attending the Training Program if: 1) you are a current
franchisee purchasing an additional Subway® restaurant and previously passed training, 2) you are a former Subway®
franchisee but you passed training within the past 2 years, or 3) you are purchasing your first Subway® restaurant but
you successfully completed the Training Program less than 2 years ago and after serving as a Designated Manager.
Other than as outlined above, you may apply for a waiver of the Training program if you pass a Training Equivalency
Exam as detailed below and: 1) you are currently a franchisee purchasing an additional Subway® restaurant but have not
previously attended training, or 2) you are a former franchisee and you have not owned or operated a restaurant in 12
months; or 3) you are purchasing your first Subway® restaurant but you successfully completed the Training Program
more than 2 years ago, after serving as a Designated Manager, as described below. The Training Equivalency Exam
must be proctored in person by your Business Developer or Subway Market Operations team. If we grant you an
exemption and you pass the Training Equivalency Exam, you will be required to complete the Sandwich Artistry
Curricula and additional web-based training courses. These training courses are located in the University of Subway®
section of our Subway® intranet website. If you fail the Training Equivalency Exam, you will be required to attend and
successfully complete the Training Program.
If you sign the Franchise Agreement Rider, Part I.a, you or your Designated Manager and your Director of Food Services
or an equivalent individual (if a different person), or, if you sign the Franchise Agreement Rider, Part II, you or your
70

