A.
By Franchisor/Delegation of Duties. This Agreement is fully assignable by us and shall
inure to the benefit of any assignee or other legal successor to the interests of us herein. To the extent that
the purchaser or transferee shall assume our covenants and obligations under this Agreement, we shall
thereupon and without further agreement, be freed and relieved of all liability with respect to such covenants
and obligations. From time to time, we shall have the right to delegate the performance of any or all of our
obligations and duties hereunder to third parties, whether the same are our agents or independent contractors
that we have contracted with to provide such services. You agree in advance to any such delegation by us
of any portion or all of our rights and obligations hereunder.
B.

Consent of Franchisor Required.

1.
The rights granted hereunder are personal to you. Accordingly, neither this
Agreement, any rights under this Agreement, including specifically any right to use our intellectual
property (including the Marks) as described in Section 8 above, any Restaurant owned by you nor
any part of the ownership of you may be assigned or transferred by you or your owner(s) without
our prior written consent, and any such assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer,
without such consent shall constitute a breach hereof and shall convey no rights to or interests in
this Agreement, the Restaurant owned by you subject to the purported transfer, or the ownership of
you. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if a Bankruptcy Event (as defined below)
occurs, then our consent to any assignment or transfer hereunder in connection with or during such
Bankruptcy Event, shall be made in our sole and absolute discretion, and shall apply for all
purposes, including in connection with any proposed assumption or assignment of this Agreement
under 11 U.S.C. §365 or any successor or related statutes and regulations.
2.
As used in this Agreement, the term “transfer” shall mean and include the
voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift, pledge or other transfer by you or
your owners of any interest in any of: (1) this Agreement and the Restaurant; (2) the ownership of
you, or (3) substantially all of the assets of the Restaurant. An assignment, sale or other transfer
shall include any of the following events: (1) the transfer of ownership of capital stock, voting
stock (or security convertible to voting stock) or partnership interest; (2) merger or consolidation
or issuance of additional securities representing an ownership interest in you; (3) transfer of an
interest in you, this Agreement or the Restaurant owned by you in a divorce, insolvency, corporate
or partnership dissolution proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; or (4) transfer of an interest
in this Agreement, the Restaurant owned by you or an ownership interest of you in the event of the
death of you or any of your owners, by will, declaration of or transfer in trust, or under the laws of
intestate succession. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not pledge a security or other interest in
this Agreement or in the proceeds of a sale of this Agreement or the assets of the Restaurant to any
lender without our prior written consent.
3.
You may not use or authorize the use of any Mark in advertising the transfer or
other disposition of your Restaurant or of any ownership in you without our prior written consent.
You shall not use or authorize the use of, and no third party shall on its behalf use, any written
materials to advertise or promote the transfer of your Restaurant or of any ownership interest in
you without our prior written approval of such materials.
C.

Conditions for Consent.

1.
You acknowledge and agree that there may be no transfers before the Restaurant
has opened for business. If you and your owners are in full compliance with this Agreement, we
shall not unreasonably withhold our consent to a transfer, provided that we are satisfied in our sole
business judgment that the proposed assignee and its owners are of good moral character who have
sufficient business experience, aptitude and financial resources to perform the services required
hereunder and otherwise meet our then applicable business standards for the grant or acquisition of

