injunctive relief, including specific orders preventing DAL from terminating the Development Agreement and
compelling DAL to perform under the Development Agreement, attorneys’ fees and costs, interest and further
relief as the Court deemed appropriate. The complaint was served on the defendant on October 4, 2022. This
case was closed on October 13, 2022 when Doctor’s Associates, LLC removed the matter to Federal Court.
B. Zaid Elia & Think Fresh LLC v. Doctor’s Associates LLC (Case No. 2:22 cv-12458, US District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan, Southern Division) Plaintiffs, a former Business Developer and his Operating
Company, Think Fresh LLC, filed a civil lawsuit in which they claimed breach of contract, a violation of Michigan
Franchise Investment Law, and a violation of the CT Unfair Trade Practices Act due to DAL terminating the
parties’ BD Agreement. In response to DAL’s Motion to Dismiss the Complaint, the plaintiffs filed a First
Amended Verified Complaint dated November 8, 2022, in which they made the same claims of breach of
contract, a violation of Michigan Franchise Investment Law, and a violation of the CT Unfair Trade Practices Act
due to DAL terminating the parties’ BD Agreement. The Plaintiffs sought a judgment in excess of $75,000,
declaratory judgment and injunctive relief, including seeking specific orders to prevent DAL from further efforts
to terminate the Development Agreement and to compel DAL to perform under the BD Agreement, attorneys’
fees and costs, interest and further relief as the Court deemed appropriate. On November 11, 2022 the Plaintiffs
filed an Amended Preliminary Injunction. On November 22, 2022, DAL filed a Motion to Dismiss the First
Amended Complaint, and on December 2, 2022, DAL filed its Opposition to Plaintiffs’ Amended Motion for
Preliminary Injunction. Prior to a hearing on the merits, and through a mediation conducted on January 16, 2023,
the parties reached a settlement and release agreement whereby the parties stipulated that the BD Agreement was
terminated on August 31, 2022 and DAL agreed to pay Plaintiff Elia $1,450,000.00. On January 20, 2023, the
Parties filed a Joint Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice.
35) Junehee Garana & Michael Ku v. Subway International B.V. (International Centre for Dispute Resolution Case
No. 01-22-0004-3685). Respondent sent Petitioners a notice of non-renewal of their Business Developer
Agreement (“BDA”). Petitioners filed for arbitration on October 17, 2022 with the International Centre for Dispute
Resolution (“ICDR”) seeking to have the BDA renewed for an additional 5 year term, as well as to claim for
damages of an amount to be determined during the arbitration, and for all costs of the arbitration. Petitioners
claim that SIBV’s non-renewal of the BDA is in violation of the terms of the agreement, as well as various laws,
including, but not limited to, the Monopoly Regulations and Fair Trade Act. On December 5, 2022, Respondent’s
attorneys filed a response to the notice of arbitration with the ICDR. Subsequently, Respondent entered into
discussions with the Petitioner in relation to the buyout of the BDA, and an agreement for such buyout was reached
on January 17, 2023. As a condition of such buyout, the Petitioner also withdrew its arbitration claim and the
matter was deemed closed by the ICDR on January 18, 2023.
36) In the Matter of: H.J. Trautwein and B. Fischer v. Subway International B.V., case # 10365814 CV EXPL 233009, in the Canton courts in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Two former Business Development Agents in
Switzerland have filed suit claiming improper termination and/or non-renewal of their Development Agent
Agreements. Claimants seek damages along with attorneys’ fees. Respondents deny the claims and filed a motion
to dismiss. The parties signed a settlement agreement on July 27, 2023. The main terms of the settlement were:
withdrawal of the court proceedings; settlement payment paid by SIBV; and mutual release and waiver of all
claims.
37) Arizona Subway Development Corporation v. Doctor’s Associates LLC, (American Arbitration Association, Case
# 01-22-0004-1309). On September 30, 2022, the Claimant, Business Developer (“BD”) Richard Schibler,
through his operating company, Arizona Subway Development Corporation, filed an arbitration against the
Respondent, DAL claiming Respondent wrongfully took actions to eliminate him as a BD from the Subway®
system in violation of his BD Contract. The claim was Amended October 27, 2022. The claims involve the BD
Contract expiration date, Third Party Restaurant Evaluations, alleged lost compensation over discounts and
deferrals of royalties DAL gave to franchisees at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, and DAL’s exercise
of its Right of First Refusal in the sale and purchase of Franchises. The Claimant alleges breach of contract,
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, fraudulent inducement, fraudulent and
negligent misrepresentation, contractual and common law indemnity, violation of the Connecticut Unfair Trade
Practices Act, and Unjust Enrichment. The Claimant seeks declaratory relief, including specific orders preventing
DAL from imposing third party evaluations in Arizona, prohibiting DAL and its successors from exercising its
right of first refusal targeted at the Schiblers, or refusing to execute Franchise Agreements with qualified
13

