If you establish your restaurant at an AAFES location, there may be additional purchase restrictions on food,
equipment, beverages and other products or services you will use in the restaurant. You may be required to obtain
AAFES’ approval on various products or sources of various products. You may not purchase or acquire any
merchandise, equipment, supplies, or service originating in, processed in, or transported from or through, any country
prohibited from commerce with the United States. You may not represent that products sold from your restaurant are
approved or endorsed by any element of the United States government.
If you establish your restaurant at an AAFES location, you will not sign a Sublease. Instead, and you will sign the
Franchise Agreement and AAFES Rider with us which grants you a subcontract under a Contract between us and
AAFES to operate the restaurant from a location designated in the Contract. Under the Franchise Agreement, as
amended by the AAFES Rider, the costs and obligations of the Contract are passed through to you. You will pay
AAFES a deposit upon award of the Contract or the award of a follow-on Contract. The amount of the deposit will
vary depending on, among other things, the size and location of the restaurant, but it is typically calculated by
multiplying AAFES’ estimated monthly sales for the location times the monthly fee percentage and then, if
applicable, dividing that amount by 2. The deposit may be refunded to you upon the termination or expiration of the
Contract, less any amounts owed to AAFES. When you commence construction of the restaurant or renovate the
restaurant, you may be required to post a bond equal to 100% of the construction costs. You will also pay AAFES
monthly fee equal to a percentage of gross sales of the restaurant, as well as other charges. The monthly fee may
increase upon renewal or extension of the Contract or upon the award of a follow-on Contract. AAFES may assess
late payment fees. You will bear the cost of sales and use tax, gross receipt taxes, registration fees, and similar
amounts applicable to the Contract. AAFES may terminate the Contract at any time. Your compensation for
termination is limited to the remaining unamortized value of improvements for the balance of the term.
AAFES may also need to approve your insurance source to ensure that the coverage meets the requirements
specified in the Contract.
Item 9
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS
Obligation

Section in Agreement

a. Site selection and
acquisition/lease
b. Pre-opening
purchases/leases
c. Site development and
other pre- opening
requirements
d. Initial and ongoing
training
e. Opening
f. Fees

AAFES RIDER (AR) Para. III; and Contract (CON)

g. Compliance with
standards and policies
/Operations Manual

AR Para. V.; CON Schedule Paras. 8. And 10.; CONExhibit A; Exhibit
B; Exhibit C,; Exhibit G; and Exhibit H

Items 11 and
15
Items 7 and 11
Items 5, 6, 7,
10 and 17
Items 8, 16,
and 17

i. Restrictions on products
/services offered
j. Warranty and guest
service requirements
l. Ongoing product/

AR Para. VI., CON Exhibit A, Exhibit D, and Exhibit H

Items 8 and 16

AR Para. V.

Items 8 and 16

AR Para. V.

Item 8

AR Paras. III. and VI.; CON Schedule, Exhibit A, Exhibit C and Exhibit
D.
AR Paras. III. and VI.; CON Schedule Para. 10.; CON Exhibit A.,
Exhibit C, Exhibit F, Exhibit G, Exhibit H, Exhibit I, and Exhibit K
AR Para. III; CON Exhibit C. and Exhibit D.
AR Para. III. And CON Schedule Para. 10
AR Para. I. And CON Exhibit E

5

Item in
Disclosure
Document
Items 1, 6, 7,
8, 11 and 12
Items 7, 8 and
10
Items 6, 7, 8,
11 and 17

