SUBCONCESSION AGREEMENT
THIS SUBCONCESSION AGREEMENT (the “Subconcession Agreement”), is made on the date
shown on the cover page hereof (the “Subconcession Agreement Date”), by and between SUBWAY
REAL ESTATE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (“Subconcessionor”), and the party
identified as Subconcessionaire in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Subconcession
Agreement.
In consideration of the covenants contained in this Subconcession Agreement, the parties agree as
follows:
1

PROPERTY
1.1

Demise. Subconcessionor hereby grants to Subconcessionaire and Subconcessionaire accepts
from Subconcessionor certain rights and obligations with respect to the premises described in the
Master Concession Agreement (defined below) attached hereto (the “Premises”), subject to any
and all reservations, restrictions, easements, rights of way, limitations and conditions of record,
if any. The purpose of this Subconcession Agreement is so that Subconcessionaire can operate
a Subway® restaurant under the terms of a Franchise Agreement with Doctor's Associates LLC
(“DAL”) dated as shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Subconcession
Agreement, and under the franchise number shown on the cover page hereof (“Franchise
Agreement”).

1.2

Master Concession Agreement. Subconcessionaire acknowledges that the Premises are subject
to a concession agreement between Subconcessionor as concessionaire and the concessionor
identified therein (the “Master Concessionor”), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the “Master Concession Agreement”). Subconcessionaire acknowledges that Exhibit A
contains a true and correct copy of the Master Concession Agreement. Any conflict between this
Section 1.2 and the other provisions of this Subconcession Agreement shall be resolved in favor
of this Section 1.2.
1.2.1

This Subconcession Agreement is subject and subordinate to the Master Concession
Agreement. If the Master Concession Agreement is terminated for any cause
whatsoever, Subconcessionaire shall promptly vacate and surrender the Premises to
Subconcessionor and this Subconcession Agreement shall terminate as of the date of
termination of the Master Concession Agreement and Subconcessionor shall have no
liability and/or obligation to Subconcessionaire for the termination of the Subconcession
Agreement.

1.2.2

Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs, common area maintenance fees, expenses,
charges, assessments, and concession fee escalations accruing under the Master
Concession Agreement, any restrictions imposed upon Subconcessionor thereunder,
together with all repairs, replacements, restorations, and any other obligations required
to be performed by Subconcessionor, as concessionaire under the Master Concession
Agreement, shall be binding upon Subconcessionaire herein. In the event the obligations
and restrictions imposed on Subconcessionaire under the Subconcession Agreement
conflict with the obligations and restrictions imposed upon Subconcessionor as
concessionaire under the Master Concession Agreement, then the more burdensome and
restrictive of such obligations and restrictions shall prevail and be binding upon
Subconcessionaire herein.

1.2.3

With respect to any consent or approval required to be obtained of Master Concessionor
under the Master Concession Agreement (by way of illustration and without limitation,
1

