6.

You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements;

7.

You have executed our current form of Renewal Addendum; and

8.
You and your owners have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us,
of any and all claims against us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers,
directors, agents, owners and employees.
4.

Restaurant and Approved Location.

A.
You may operate the Restaurant only at a location that we approve (the “Approved
Location”). If we have already approved a location at the time of executing this Agreement, then the
Approved Location is specified in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Agreement. If we have
not yet approved a location at the time of executing this Agreement, then you will be responsible for leasing
a suitable site for the Restaurant. Prior to the acquisition of any site for the premises of the Restaurant, you
shall submit a description of the proposed site to us accompanied by photographs depicting the proposed
site, as well as any other information about the site that we may reasonably require. We will provide you
with written notice of our approval or disapproval of a proposed site within fifteen (15) business days after
receiving your written submission thereof and completing a physical inspection of the proposed site. If we
fail to respond within such 15-day period, the site will be deemed disapproved.
B.
While we may provide you with our experience and expertise in a selection of a location,
you hereby acknowledge and agree that our approval of a site does not constitute an assurance,
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the success or profitability of your
Restaurant operated at the site. Our approval of the site indicates only that we believe the site complies with
acceptable minimum criteria established by us solely for our purposes as of the time of the evaluation. Both
you and we acknowledge that application of criteria that have been effective with respect to other sites and
premises may not be predictive of potential for all sites and that, subsequent to our approval of a site,
demographic and/or economic factors, such as competition from other similar businesses, included in or
excluded from our criteria could change, thereby altering the potential of a site. Such factors are
unpredictable and are beyond our control. We shall not be responsible for the failure of a site approved by
us to meet your expectations as to revenue or operational criteria. You further acknowledge and agree that
your acceptance of a franchise for the operation of a Restaurant at the site is based on your own independent
investigation of the suitability of the site. It shall be your sole responsibility to undertake site selection
activities and otherwise secure premises for the Restaurant.
C.
In the event no acceptable site is found and approved by the parties within six (6) months
from the Agreement Date, then and in that event, either party may terminate this Agreement upon written
notice to the other party. Notwithstanding any such termination, you shall return all confidential materials
concerning the operation of a Restaurant and shall continue to be bound by your obligations under Sections
9, 15 and 20 hereof.
D.
After receiving our written approval of the location of the Restaurant, we or our affiliate
shall, at our option, either: (1) lease the Premises from the owner or landlord of the Approved Location and
you will execute a sublease with us for the Premises (the “Sublease”); (2) permit you to lease the Premises
directly from the owner or landlord; or (3) permit you to own the Premises directly. In the case of (2) above,
the terms of such lease must be provided to us and approved by us prior to you entering into a lease
agreement (an “Approved Lease”). Our approval of the terms of a lease indicates only that we believe the
lease complies with acceptable minimum criteria we established. You acknowledge and agree that your
acceptance of a lease is based on your own independent investigation, including consultation with your own
attorney and other advisors. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Lease” shall refer to a Sublease or
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

3

