11.5.3 “Damages” means all claims, demands, causes of action, suits, damages, liabilities, fines, penalties,
assessments, judgments, losses, and expenses (including without limitation expenses, costs and
lawyers’ fees incurred for any indemnified party’s primary defense or for enforcement of its
indemnification rights).
12

APPROVALS AND WAIVERS

12.1

Request for Approval. Whenever this Agreement requires our prior approval or consent, you must make a
timely written request to us therefor, and such approval or consent must be obtained in writing.

12.2

No Warranties or Guarantees. You acknowledge and agree that we make no warranties or guarantees upon
which you may rely, and assume no liability or obligation to you, by providing any waiver, approval,
consent, or suggestion to you in connection with this Agreement, or by reason of any neglect, delay, or
denial of any request therefor.

12.3

No Waivers. No delay, waiver, omission, or forbearance on the part of us to exercise any right, option, duty,
or power arising out of any breach or default by you under any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or
conditions of this Agreement, and no custom or practice by the parties at variance with the terms of this
Agreement, will constitute a waiver by us to enforce any such right, option, duty, or power as against you,
or as to subsequent breach or default by you. Subsequent acceptance by us of any payments due to us
hereunder or under any other agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver by us of any preceding or
succeeding breach by you of any terms, provisions, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement.

13

ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT
This Agreement and the exhibits referred to herein constitute the entire, full, and complete Agreement
between us and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, no other
representations having induced you to execute this Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that they
relied only on the words printed in this Agreement in deciding whether to enter into this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will disclaim or require you to waive reliance on
any representation that we made in the most recent franchise disclosure document (including its exhibits
and amendments) that we delivered to you or your representative, subject to any agreed-upon changes to
the contract terms and conditions described in that disclosure document and reflected in this Agreement
(including any riders or addenda signed at the same time as this Agreement). No amendment, change, or
variance from this Agreement will be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the parties and
executed by their authorized officers or agents in writing.

14

SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION

14.1

Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each portion, section, part, term, and/or
provision of this Agreement will be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any section, part, term,
and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, any existing or future
law or regulation by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such must not impair the operation of, or
have any other effect upon, such other portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions of this Agreement
as may remain otherwise intelligible; and the latter must continue to be given full force and effect and bind
the parties hereto; and said invalid portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions must be deemed not
to be a part of this Agreement.

14.2

No Third-Party Rights. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement is
intended, nor will be deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than you, us, and such of your

8

