cancel or assign to us or Subway US IP Holder registration of your domain name or Social Media site if you fail to
adhere to these guidelines or we or Subway US IP Holder later determine that your domain name or Social Media site
creates consumer confusion regarding the marks or Subway® name. See Section 8 of the Franchise Agreement. “Social
Media” as used in this Disclosure Document means Internet-based applications which allow for the creation and
exchange of user-generated content including, but not limited to: blogs, microblogs, social networks, and photo and
video sharing sites. At our request, you must have any information we deem inappropriate and not to be in the best
interest of the System removed from any website or Social Media site.
You will use the marks in connection with your restaurant only as we permit and as provided in this Disclosure
Document, the Franchise Agreement or in the Operations Manual. You will not use the marks in a manner that degrades,
diminishes, or detracts from the goodwill associated with the marks nor will you use the marks in a manner which is
scandalous, immoral, or satirical. You agree to promptly change the manner of such use upon our request. You may not
use the word “Subway” as part of a corporate or other business name. If you no longer have a valid franchise agreement
with us, you must remove the word “Subway” from any corporate or other business name. Any sign face bearing the
name Subway® will remain Subway US IP Holder’s property even though you may have paid a third party to make the
sign face. We will have the right to physically remove any signage from your restaurant if we believe its removal is
necessary to protect the goodwill associated with the marks. You will not use, offer or sell to other franchisees any
software applications or other technology products or services which use the marks unless we approve in writing.
You may not dilute the marks in any way by engaging in advertising or improper behavior that may lessen the Subway®
system’s reputation. You will not make, publish, or endorse, directly or indirectly, any disparaging, libelous, or
defamatory statement or representation about us, our shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, our Affiliates,
business developers or the Subway® brand in any public or private forum. “Private forum” shall not include a private
forum open only to Subway® franchisees, business developers, and/or our shareholders, officers, directors, employees,
agents or Affiliates. At our request, you must remove or retract any disparaging, libelous or defamatory statement or
representation. However, you are not prohibited from sharing information in good faith with any prospective franchisees.
You must notify us immediately when you learn about an infringement of or challenge to your use of any mark. While
we do not have to defend you against a claim arising because of your use of the marks, we will reimburse you for your
liability if you used the marks in compliance with the Franchise Agreement. To receive reimbursement, you must notify
us of the proceeding promptly after you learn about it, cooperate with us and Subway US IP Holder to defend the
proceeding, and allow us or Subway US IP Holder to control the defense of the proceeding. We, Subway US IP Holder
and any third-party owner of the mark will have the exclusive right to pursue any claims of trademark infringement
against third parties. All the above referenced materials are owned by Subway US IP Holder and are licensed to us for
use in the United States.
You must modify or discontinue the use of a mark within a reasonable time after our notice to you of the modification
or discontinuance of the mark. If we modify or discontinue the use of a mark, whether in response to a third party’s
claim of infringement or otherwise, our only obligation will be to reimburse you for liability as described above. We are
not responsible for any other costs or expenses incurred by you in connection with the modification or discontinuance
of a mark, including your costs to replace signs and paper goods.
Item 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
There are no patents or pending patents that are material to the franchise.
We and Subway US IP Holder claim rights under copyright laws for various works, including printed matter, artwork,
menu boards, advertising and promotional materials, instructional operating manuals, and the like, some of which we
have filed or registered copyrights for and others we have not. We do not consider any of these filed or registered
copyrights material to the franchise.
Subway US IP Holder owns proprietary rights to information related to the Subway® franchise system and the operation
of a restaurant. We license the Operations Manual from Subway US IP Holder. We will provide you, on loan, one copy
of the confidential Operations Manual in electronic form. Subway US IP Holder has not filed an application for
76

