own privacy policies. If you wish to exercise any of these rights with respect to
the processing of information by a Subway® restaurant, please visit your local
franchise-owned and operated store location to make your requests. We will
work with the franchise owner to address your request to the extent required by
applicable law.
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union or
United Kingdom, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local
supervisory authority.

INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Due to our global operations, your personal information may be transferred to and
processed in the United States and other countries that may not provide the same level
of data protection as your home country. The Subway Group’s privacy practices are
consistent with all applicable country, national, state, and local data protection and
security laws.
For our customers whose use of Subway Services results in the transfer of personal
information from the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or
other jurisdictions with adequacy provisions to non-adequacy country, we rely on one or
more of the following legal mechanisms: the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework (collectively referred to as the “Data Privacy Framework”), the Standard
Contractual Clauses, and consent of the individual.
The following Subway entities are certified under the Data Privacy Framework:
 Franchise World Headquarters, LLC
 Subway MyWay, LLC
 Doctor’s Associates LLC
 FWH Technologies, LLC
 Subway Franchisee Advertising Fund Trust Ltd.
 Subway IP LLC
 Subway Payment Services, LLC
 Subway Real Estate, LLC
 Subway Realty, LLC
 Subway US IP Holder LLC
These Subway entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
Federal Trade Commission and have committed to subject all personal information
transferred in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to the Data Privacy Framework’s
Principles. In the event any such personal information is transferred to another entity,
the transferring Subway entity will remain liable for the recipients’ violations of the Data
Privacy Framework’s Principles. You can find additional information about the Data
Privacy Framework as well as a list of participating entities here. Where we transfer
your personal information in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework, you have a right
to object to the disclosure of your personal information to third party controllers. To

14

