II. You may establish an AUNTIE ANNE’S® store licensed to you directly by Auntie Anne’s, Inc., subject to
the following terms and conditions:
a. You will establish a store licensed by Auntie Anne’s, Inc. You will only offer the following
AUNTIE ANNE’S® products: fresh soft baked pretzels, pretzel stixs, pretzel nuggets, pretzel dogs,
assorted dips, Old Fashioned Lemonade and Lemonade Mixers, and any other products agreed to
between us and Auntie Anne’s, Inc.
b. We and you will cooperate in good faith with each other and with the Auntie Anne’s, Inc. to
accommodate the different requirements of this Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and
procedures, with those of Auntie Anne’s, Inc., to permit the efficient and harmonious operation of the
multiple concepts within the same location. Requirements may be different in the areas of store design,
hours of operation, signs, cash registers, and operational procedures, for example.
c. You will owe Auntie Anne’s, Inc. the franchise fee it requires under your AA Franchise
Agreement. You will pay the franchise fee directly to Auntie Anne’s, Inc. or to another party it directs
you to pay. We will act as the collection agent for all other fees owed to Auntie Anne’s, Inc. under the
AA Franchise Agreement. You agree we may collect these fees under the preauthorized draft or
electronic funds transfer program we use to collect fees under this Agreement. You agree we may take
action against you to collect amounts you owe Auntie Anne’s, Inc. in our own name or in Auntie
Anne’s, Inc.’s name, including in an arbitration under Paragraph 10 of this Agreement.
d. You will sign a sublease or if applicable a sub-sublease, for your Co-Branded Location with our
designated leasing affiliate, unless we designate otherwise. You will pay rent for the Co-Branded
Location in accordance with the terms of your master lease or sublease for your Restaurant.
e. You will pay us weekly an amount equal to twelve and one-half percent (12 1/2 %) of the Gross
Sales, as defined in this Agreement, for all AUNTIE ANNE’S® product sales at your Co-Branded
Location. We will retain six percent (6%) of this amount as an additional Royalty payment to us. We
will deposit three percent (3%) of this amount into the Subway Franchisee Advertising Fund Trust
(“SFAFT”). The remaining three and one-half percent (3 ½%) of this amount will be paid to Auntie
Anne’s, Inc. by us. In the future, we may alter the distribution of these funds. There will be no
additional continuing fee charged with respect to your AUNTIE ANNE’S® product sales at your CoBranded Location.
f. If you fail to report your AUNTIE ANNE’S® gross sales on time we may estimate them, charge
you based on the estimate, and will adjust the estimated charges after we determine actual sales. All
other terms of this Agreement relating to the timing and method of reporting the Restaurant’s sales,
paying us Royalty, the consequences for underreporting, and our audit and collection rights, will also
apply to gross sales from the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store and any other fees, as applicable.
g. You understand and agree the individuals or entities signing this Agreement as franchisee must
at all times be identical with the names of the individuals or entities on the AA Franchise Agreement.
You will not transfer or assign any interest in this Agreement or in the Restaurant unless you
simultaneously transfer to the same individuals or entities your same interest in the AA Franchise
Agreement and the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store you operate under your AA Franchise Agreement. You
acknowledge you will have to satisfy the separate transfer procedures we and the Auntie Anne’s, Inc.
have, including the right to approve the transfer and your transferees, and payment of a transfer fee. If
Auntie Anne’s, Inc. does not consent to your request to transfer, Auntie Anne’s, Inc. shall grant you
the right to terminate your AA Franchise Agreement in accordance with their termination procedures.
You agree our right of first refusal under this Agreement to purchase the Restaurant includes the right
to purchase the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store you operate in combination with the Restaurant.
h. You understand and agree this Agreement and our Operations Manual, policies, and procedures,
will control and apply to the Restaurant and any common areas of the Co-Branded Location, but will
2

