2. Franchisor’s Right of Entry. Franchisor will have the right, without being guilty of trespass
or any other crime or tort, to enter the Premises at any time or from time to time (i) to make any
modification or alteration it considers necessary to protect the Subway® system and marks, (ii) to
cure any default under the Franchise Agreement or under the Lease, (iii) to remove personal
property from the Premises that Franchisor or its affiliates owns or has a security interest in, or
(iv) to remove the distinctive elements of the Subway® trade dress upon the Franchise Agreement's
expiration or termination. Neither Franchisor nor Landlord will be responsible to Tenant for any
damages Tenant might sustain as a result of action Franchisor takes in accordance with this
provision. Franchisor will repair or reimburse Landlord for the cost of any damage to the Premises'
walls, floor or ceiling that result from Franchisor's removal of trade dress items and other property
from the Premises.
3. Assignment.
A. Upon (i) expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement or cessation of the
operation of a Subway® restaurant at the Premises, (ii) commencement of eviction or
termination proceedings by Landlord against Tenant, or (iii) Tenant’s failure to exercise an
extension or renewal option granted under the Lease, Franchisor (or its affiliate or assignee)
shall have the right to assume Tenant’s rights and obligations under the Lease by providing
Landlord and Tenant with notice of such assumption. After receiving possession of the
Premises, the assuming party will not be required to pay any delinquent rent or other sums
owed under the Lease but must begin to cure any other defaults susceptible to cure by the
assuming party under the Lease. Landlord hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents
to such assumption for operation of a Subway® restaurant at the Premises.
B. If the Lease is assumed by Franchisor as set forth in Section 3(A) above, the
assuming party shall have the right to assign the Lease or sublet the Premises for operation
of a Subway® restaurant to a licensee or franchisee duly approved by Franchisor and
meeting the franchise requirements of Franchisor as of the date thereof, without first
obtaining Landlord’s consent and without the imposition of an assignment fee or similar
charge. The assuming party shall remain liable under the Lease notwithstanding such
assignment or sublease unless Landlord’s prior written consent to the assignment or
sublease is received. Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, the assuming
party shall have the right to retain all rent or other consideration payable under a sublease
even if such rent or other consideration is in excess of the rent payable under the Lease.
C. If the Lease is assumed as set forth in Section 3(A) above, any provision in the
Lease requiring Tenant to continuously operate a business at the Premises shall be
suspended for one hundred twenty (120) days so that Franchisor can identify a franchisee
to operate a Subway® restaurant at the Premises as contemplated in Section 3(B).
D. Tenant may not assign the Lease or sublet the Premises without Franchisor’s prior
written consent, and Landlord will not consent to an assignment or subletting by Tenant
without first verifying that Franchisor has given its written consent to Tenant's proposed
assignment or subletting.

2

