designates (or as provided in the Master License if Sublicensor makes no such designation), by
electronic funds transfer, on-line banking, pre-authorized auto-draft arrangement, or such other
means as Sublicensor may specify from time to time. For each account in which Sublicensee
conducts business at any time during the Term, Sublicensee agrees to execute an ACH Automatic
Withdrawal Authorization and to keep it effective throughout the Term; and Sublicensee
authorizes Sublicensor to withdraw monies from each such account in the amounts and at the
times provided in this Sublicense and any other agreement between Sublicensee and Sublicensor
or its affiliate(s). Sublicensee hereby indemnifies Sublicensor and holds Sublicensor harmless
under each ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization. Sublicensee consents to Sublicensor’s
directly transacting business with each bank and financial institution with which Sublicensee has
an account to effectuate fully the terms of each ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization.
Sublicensee shall furnish Sublicensor, its bank, or other financial institution, and any other
recipient of payment with such information and authorizations as may be necessary to permit
such persons to make withdrawals by electronic funds transfer, on-line banking, or auto-draft
arrangement. Sublicensee shall bear all expenses, if any, and pay Sublicensor its third-party costs
associated with such authorizations and payments.

4

3.4

Security Deposit. Sublicensor acknowledges receipt from Sublicensee of the Security Deposit
amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublicense, which has or shall
be paid to Master Licensor as the security deposit referred to in the Master License. In accordance
with the terms of the Master License, Sublicensee shall be entitled to the rights of Sublicensor to
the security deposit, except that any portion thereof that is returned to Sublicensor by Master
Licensor may first be applied to any amounts that Sublicensee owes to Sublicensor or its affiliate
under this Sublicense or any other agreement.

3.5

Other Pre-Opening Costs. Sublicensor acknowledges receipt from Sublicensee of the Other
Pre-Opening Costs Deposit amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this
Sublicense, which shall be held in a non-interest bearing escrow account and shall be returned to
Sublicensee, without interest, upon the opening of this location for business.

3.6

Late Charges. All License Fees and any other charges shall be paid to Sublicensor without
notice or demand and without abatement, deduction or set-off, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Sublicense. All payments not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser of
eighteen percent (18%) or the maximum rate allowed by law in the state where the Premises are
located.

INSURANCE
4.1

Coverage. During the Term, Sublicensee, at its own cost and expense, shall:
4.1.1

Keep the Premises and the fixtures and personal property on it insured with an all-risk
property insurance policy in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of replacement
(without deduction for depreciation). Replacement cost shall be determined by one of
the insurers or, at the option of Sublicensor, by an appraiser, architect or contractor who
is mutually and reasonably acceptable to Sublicensor and Sublicensee, and whom shall
be retained and paid by Sublicensee.

4.1.2

Provide and keep in force comprehensive or commercial general liability insurance
against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage occurring on, in or about the
Premises, in limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, not less
than $500,000 per occurrence for property damage, or in such other amounts as
Sublicensor may reasonably request. The policy shall name Sublicensor as an additional
insured.
4

