or quasi-public work. All of the personal property or any other property of Subconcessionaire
kept or stored on the Premises shall be kept or stored at the risk of Subconcessionaire.
5

THE PREMISES
5.1

Use and Services. During the Term of this Subconcession Agreement, Subconcessionaire shall
continuously operate a Subway® restaurant business in accordance with the Franchise
Agreement. The Premises shall not be used for any other purpose.

5.2

Repairs and Maintenance. Subconcessionaire shall, at all times during the Term, at its own
cost and expense, put, keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and personal property
located on it in good order and condition, subject to reasonable wear and tear, and subject to all
applicable terms of this Article 5, shall make all necessary and desirable repairs, restorations and
replacements thereof, structural and nonstructural, foreseen or unforeseen (hereinafter
collectively called “Repairs”), and shall use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste, damage
and injury.
In the event that Subconcessionaire fails or neglects to make all necessary Repairs or fulfill its
other obligations as set forth above, Subconcessionor or its agents may enter the Premises for the
purpose of making such Repairs or fulfilling those obligations. All reasonable costs and expenses
incurred as a consequence of Subconcessionor’s action shall be repaid by Subconcessionaire to
Subconcessionor within fifteen (15) days after Subconcessionaire receives copies of receipts
showing payment by Subconcessionor for such Repairs or other obligations. These receipts shall
be prima facie evidence of the payment of the charges paid by Subconcessionor.

5.3

Build-Out and Alterations. Subconcessionor may terminate this Subconcession Agreement on
ten (10) days’ written notice and Subconcessionor may offer this location to another franchisee
if: a) Subconcessionaire does not commence construction of the Premises within seven (7) days
after obtaining occupancy from Master Concessionor by expeditiously ordering its equipment,
submitting all necessary funds, and making application for required permits and licenses; or b)
Subconcessionaire does not complete the build-out of the restaurant and then open the restaurant
within forty-five (45) days after occupancy from Master Concessionor. In such an event,
Subconcessionaire understands that the security deposit referred to in Section 3.4 will not be
refunded.
Subconcessionaire agrees that it will at its own cost and expense make such reasonable alterations
to the interior or exterior of the Premises as may reasonably be requested by Subconcessionor
from time to time in order to modify the appearance of the Premises to reflect the then current
image of the Subway® brand. Subconcessionaire shall not at any time make any alteration,
change, addition or improvement (hereinafter collectively called “Alterations”) in or to the
interior or exterior of the Premises without the prior written consent of Subconcessionor. In the
event consent is given:
5.3.1

the Alterations shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner at
Subconcessionaire’s sole expense, and shall not weaken or impair the structural strength
or lessen the value of the Premises, or change the purpose for which the Premises may
be used;

5.3.2

the Alterations shall be made according to plans and specifications therefor, which shall
be first submitted to and approved in writing by Subconcessionor, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned;

5.3.3

before the commencement of work on any Alterations, such plans and specifications
shall, if necessary, be approved by all governmental authorities having jurisdiction;
7

