facilities; smoking and gambling policies; identification verification policies; guest complaint resolution policies;
guest purchase receipt rules and policies; business record requirements (including audited financial statements); as
well as certain rules, requirements and policies with respect to your employees (pertaining to health evaluations,
sanitation training, etc.). You may be required to provide a right of first refusal for any jobs in your restaurant to
qualified employees of the previous contractor of the location. It is your responsibility to research these matters and
ensure compliance with them in the operation of your restaurant.
Item 5
INITIAL FEES
The description of the extension fee also does not apply to an AAFES location established under the Contract. After
you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must open your restaurant within the time prescribed under the Contract or we
may terminate the Franchise Agreement, with no right to any extensions.
If you establish your restaurant at a location designated by AAFES under the Contract and sign the AAFES Rider,
you will not sign a sublease. You will pay AAFES a deposit upon award of the Contract or the award of a follow-on
Contract. The amount of the deposit will vary depending on, among other things, the size and location of the
restaurant, but it is typically calculated by multiplying AAFES’ estimated monthly sales for the location times the
monthly fee percentage and then, if applicable, dividing that amount by 2. The deposit may be refunded to you upon
the termination or expiration of the Contract, less any amounts owed to AAFES. When you commence construction
of the restaurant or renovate the restaurant, you may be required to post a bond equal to 100% of the construction
costs. You will also pay AAFES a monthly fee equal to a percentage of gross sales of the restaurant, as well as other
charges. The monthly fee may increase upon renewal or extension of the Contract or upon the award of a follow-on
Contract. AAFES may assess late payment fees.
Item 6
OTHER FEES
Name of the Fee
Monthly Fee and
Other Fees for
AAFES Location

Amount
Monthly Fee
A percentage of the gross sales of
the restaurant, typically 8 to 11%,
but the percentage for your
location may be higher or lower.
The monthly fee is subject to
change upon renewal or extension
of the Contract or award of a
follow-on Contract.
Fee Deposit
As determined by AAFES, but
typically calculated by multiplying
AAFES’ estimated monthly sales
for the location times the Monthly
Fee and then dividing that amount
by 2.

Due Date
Due monthly by the 15th day of
the month

Remarks
Paid directly to
AAFES.

Upon initial award of the
Contract; renewal or extension
of the Contract; or award of a
follow-on Contract

The Fee Deposit
may be refunded by
AAFES upon
expiration or
termination of the
Contract, less any
amount due AAFES.

Advertising Fee
0.5% of total gross sales
Surety Bond
100% of the costs of construction
or renovation

Payable weekly
Upon construction or
renovation of the restaurant

2

