Part I.a. – Approved Non-Traditional Entity Franchisee and Qualified FSP
If you checked (1) or (2) above, the following provisions apply to your Franchise Agreement:
A. In regard to Training and Operational Assistance, Sections 6.A. and 6.B. of the Franchise Agreement
are replaced with the following:
i.

Before the Restaurant opens, we will train you (or your Designated Manager(s), as that term is
defined in Section 10.J), Director of Food Services or an equivalent individual (the “Director”) (if
a different person) or the manager of the Restaurant or an equivalent individual (the “Manager”)
(if a different person), on establishing and independently operating a Subway® Restaurant. The
training program will be at a location we choose and may include web-based courses.

ii. You, your Designated Manager(s), Director, Manager or your employee(s) who attend may be
dismissed from the training program and this Agreement may be terminated, with no refund of your
Franchise Fee (defined below), if you, your Designated Manager(s) or your employee(s) materially
fail to act in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct during the training program (which
will be made available to you at or before attending the training program).
B. In regard to Corporate Franchisee, Limited Liability Company Franchisee or Partnership Franchisee,
Section 17 of the Franchise Agreement is replaced with the following:
i.

Corporate Franchisee. Except as otherwise approved by us in writing, if you are a corporation,
you shall (i) furnish us with your articles of incorporation and bylaws as well as such other
documents that we may reasonably request; (ii) maintain a current list of all owners of record and
all beneficial owners of any class of voting stock and furnish the list to us upon request. For the
avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times
subject to our review and must at all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and
restrictions.

ii. Limited Liability Company Franchisee. If you are a limited liability company, you shall: (i)
furnish us with your articles of organization and operating agreement, as well as such other
documents as we may reasonably request, and any amendments thereto; (ii) prepare and furnish to
us, upon request, a current list of all members and managers. For the avoidance of doubt, the
governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times subject to our review and
must at all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
iii. Partnership Franchisee. If you are a partnership, you shall: (i) furnish us with your partnership
agreement, as well as such other documents as we may reasonably request and any amendments
thereto; (ii) furnish to us, upon request, a current list of all general and limited partners. For the
avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times
subject to our review and must at all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and
restrictions.
C. As used in this Agreement, the term “transfer” shall mean and include the voluntary, involuntary, direct
or indirect assignment, sale, gift, pledge or other transfer by you or your owners of any interest in any
of: (1) this Agreement; (2) the Restaurant owned by you; or (3) substantially all of the assets of the
Restaurant. An assignment, sale or other transfer shall include the transfer of this Agreement or the
Restaurant owned by you in an insolvency, corporate or partnership dissolution proceeding or otherwise
by operation of law. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not pledge a security or other interest in this
5
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

