If you are interested in a non-traditional, satellite, community development, school lunch, military base or co-branded
locations, or a dual location test site, or if you are interested in the School Lunch Delivery Program, Subway® Catering
Program, SOP, MOP or Product Innovation programs, you should read the rider for these locations and programs (as
applicable) and this disclosure document carefully. These riders amend the standard form franchise agreement in several
very important respects. We set out the disclosure differences regarding the licensing of these locations and programs
in the relevant Items. Except where we point out these differences, references throughout this Disclosure Document to
a restaurant and a Franchise Agreement also apply to a non-traditional location, a satellite location, a community
development location, a school lunch location, and the Franchise Agreement for these locations.
***********
In addition to business laws and regulations, your restaurant is subject to federal, state, and local regulations and
guidelines governing the food service industry, including those established by the Food and Drug Administration, the
United States Department of Agriculture, the National Restaurant Association, and other food industry organizations.
You must be familiar with these regulations, as well as federal, state, and local laws regarding health and consumer
protection, food preparation, baking, handling, storage, “Truth in Menu” concerning menu item names and product
labeling, nutritional claims, compliance with the federal Americans With Disabilities Act, privacy laws, and compliance
with the federal Fair Labor Standards Act and other local labor regulations. You will also be subject to the rules
established by the Federal Trade Commission, along with regulations enacted by certain states. Local zoning rules may
limit where you can locate a restaurant and may affect design features, including the building facade and signs. You
should be aware that federal, state, and local environmental laws may affect the disposal of waste materials and
packaging and may require that you have a permit as a water provider. Local law may require your participation in a
waste recycling or diversion program, for which you may have to register and make ongoing fee payments.
On a case-by-case basis we may grant a waiver to serve alcoholic beverages in your restaurant. If a waiver is granted to
allow your restaurant to serve alcoholic beverages you will be responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses and
permits, and you will have to know the laws and regulations governing the sale of these items including but not limited
to: minimum age restrictions for purchasers and employees who sell, special training requirements, and regulations on
the hours of sale for these products. You may be required to obtain additional insurance coverage, which may increase
your premium payments, if you are permitted to serve alcohol in your restaurant.
We have a global privacy statement, attached as Exhibit M, which outlines the purpose for collection and use of personal
information that we collect from individuals in accordance with various laws in the United States concerning privacy.
The privacy statement may be amended from time to time and is available to you on our website www.Subway.com.
People primarily between the ages of 16 to 50 purchase the menu items sold in Subway® restaurants. You may not sell
any items to another vendor for resale without our prior written consent. You will have to compete with other restaurants,
and food outlets, including franchisees of other franchise chains and other Subway® restaurants.

18

