B.
The Confidential Operations Manual shall at all times remain the sole property of us and
any hardcopy version thereof that we may have provided to you shall promptly be returned to us upon the
expiration or termination of this Agreement.
C.
You shall at all times ensure that the Confidential Operations Manual is available at the
Premises in a current and up-to-date manner, and in the event of any dispute as to the contents of the
Confidential Operations Manual, the terms of the master copy of the Confidential Operations Manual
maintained by us at our home office shall be controlling.
10.

Standards of Quality and Performance.

A.
You shall commence operation of the Restaurant not later than twelve (12) months from
the Agreement Date, or as otherwise approved in writing by us. Prior to such opening, you shall have
procured all necessary licenses, permits, and approvals, including but not limited to construction permits,
shall have hired and trained personnel, made all leasehold improvements, and purchased initial inventory.
If you for any reason fail to commence operations as herein provided, unless you are precluded from doing
so by war or civil disturbance, natural disaster or organized labor dispute that precludes such timely
commencement of operation, such failure shall be considered a default and we may terminate this
Agreement. Once you have commenced operation of the Restaurant, you must actively and continuously
operate the Restaurant during normal business hours (as we may periodically prescribe in the Confidential
Operations Manual or elsewhere in writing) for the entire duration of the Term.
B.
You agree to maintain (or cause to be maintained) the condition and appearance of the
interior and exterior of the Premises consistent with our quality controls and standards for the image of a
Subway® Restaurant as an attractive, pleasant and comfortable facility conducive to patronage and impulse
buying by its customers. You agree to carry out such maintenance of the Restaurant as is from time to time
required to maintain or improve the appearance and efficient operation of the Restaurant, including
replacement of worn out or obsolete fixtures and signs, repair of the exterior and interior of the Restaurant
and redecorating. If at any time in our business judgment the general state of repair or the appearance of
the Premises or its equipment, fixtures, signs or decor does not meet our quality control and standards
therefor, we shall so notify you, specifying the action to be taken by you to correct such deficiency. If you
fail or refuse to initiate within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, and thereafter continue, a bona
fide program to complete any required maintenance, we shall have the right, in addition to all other
remedies, to enter upon the Premises and effect such repairs, painting, decorating or replacements of
equipment, fixtures or signs on your behalf and you shall pay the entire costs thereof on demand. Your
obligation to initiate and continue any required maintenance shall be suspended during any period in which
such maintenance is commercially impractical due to war, civil disturbance, natural disaster, organized
labor dispute or other event beyond your reasonable control.
C.
You shall make no material alterations to the improvements of the Restaurant nor shall you
make material replacements of or alterations to the equipment, fixtures or signs of the Restaurant without
our prior written approval.
D.
Restaurant.

The Approved Location shall be used solely for the purpose of conducting a Subway®

E.
Except if you are prohibited from selling products under applicable law or under the terms
of the Restaurant lease, you agree that you will offer for sale and sell at the Restaurant all types of
sandwiches, food, drinks and other products that we from time to time authorize, and that you will not offer
for sale or sell at the Premises any other food product, beverage, confection or non-food product whatsoever
or use the Premises for any purpose other than the operation of the Restaurant in full compliance with this
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

9

