MD DAL 04/25 Amended 12/25

ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR MARYLAND
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as Required
by the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, as amended September 4, 2025, and amended December 1,
2025 (the “Franchise Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”).
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP:
The franchise agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be unenforceable under
federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 10 et seq.).
Add the following after the last sentence of the second paragraph in entry m.
The general release shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
Add the following after the last sentence in entry u.
No provision in this Agreement shall act to reduce the three (3) year statute of limitations afforded to you for bringing a
claim arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Your claims are limited under the
Franchise Agreement. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be
brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
Replace entry v. with the following:
Arbitration and any litigation will be held in Connecticut. The Franchise Agreement allows us to bring an action for
injunctive relief in any court having jurisdiction if you breach the provisions of the Franchise Agreement concerning use
of the trademarks, or confidentiality, or the covenants not to compete. You may bring a lawsuit in Maryland only for
claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure law. Any claims arising under the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
EXHIBIT A
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Add the attached Franchise Agreement Addendum.

1

