Co-Branded Location during hours designated by Auntie Anne’s, Inc. While sampling may increase costs, it may lead to an
increase in sales and transactions. For more information concerning the costs and recommended guidelines associated with
the sampling of menu offerings, please review the AUNTIE ANNE’S® franchise disclosure document and Operations
Manual.
Add to Note 2. Real Property:
If your Co-Brand Location will be located in a non-traditional location, you must sign a Sublease for the premises with our
designated leasing affiliate, unless we allow otherwise. You may be required to pay a security deposit. If your Co-Branded
Location will be located within a Walmart store, you must sign a Sub-Sublease Agreement for the premises with SRL. You
will not be required to pay a security deposit or an advance payment and placement fee.
Add to Note 5. Insurance:
You may obtain your insurance for the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store from our Gold Standard Insurance Program.
Apart from: (1) providing financing of $10,000 of the full $15,000 franchise fee for certain first time franchisees under our
minority loan program; (2) the equipment leasing program; (3) entering into the master lease and subleasing the restaurant
premises to you; (4) loans in connection with a Subway® restaurant; (5) financing of the Technology Enhancement Fee for
existing restaurants, and (6) SRL entering into a Master Sublease for Co-Branded Location to be located within Walmart
stores and sub-subletting the premises within a particular Walmart store to you; we and our affiliates do not offer assistance
or financing to you directly or indirectly. The above costs are not refundable except the Equipment Lease security deposit,
the location security deposit (depending upon the terms of the master lease), and utility deposits (depending on the terms
set by each local utility), as long as you are in compliance;
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
If your Co-Brand Location will be located in a non-traditional location, you must sign a Sublease for the premises with our
designated leasing affiliate, unless we allow otherwise. If your Co-branded Location will be located in a Walmart store, a
Sublease will be executed between TTTSM and SRL for each Co-branded location and will be specifically incorporated
into the Master Sublease. You will enter into a Sub-Sublease Agreement with SRL for the premises. The Sub-Sublease
Agreement provides for a pass-through of the costs and obligations of the Master Sublease to you. We and SRL do not
receive revenue under your Sub-Sublease Agreement. SRL may assess late payment fees and other costs arising from the
administration of the Master Sublease, and has the same rights as TTTSM on default to charge you for certain fees, to carry
out repairs, and to recover costs. We estimate the required sub-subleasing represents 4% to 11% of your total purchases for
the establishment of your restaurant and 7% to 15% of your overall purchases in operating your restaurant.
Item 9
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS
Add the following at the end of the second column for Item a:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subpara. II.d.
Add the following at the end of the second column for Item b:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subpara. II.d.
Add the following at the end of the second column for Item g:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subpara. II.h.
Add the following at the end of the second column for Item r:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subpara II.i.
3

