and education (schools, universities). “Concession Foodservice” is defined as the provision of
foodservice requirements to the public in travel related locations such as airports, railway stations,
ferries, roadsides, retail related locations such as sports stadiums and leisure venues. The principal
purpose of the customer’s visit is not for the consumption of food or beverage but for an alternative
purpose. The Food Service Provider pays the location owner (client) a commission for the right to
trade at the premises; the Food Service Provider’s income is sourced entirely from sales made to
the public. In order to obtain the rights to operate in a Contract Foodservice or Concession
Foodservice location, the Food Service Provider generally must participate in a request for proposal
or in a competitive bidding process. These locations also differ significantly from stand-alone or
other traditional types of locations in numerous ways including that the hours and days of operation
may be limited by the activity conducted at the location or may be dictated by the owner of the
location or the Food Service Provider’s client. We and you agree that based on these differences
that traditional advertising may be of limited benefit. Therefore, we and you agree to modify the
advertising charges for the Restaurant that you will be operating pursuant to this Agreement to
reflect the value of benefits that you are receiving.
v. A Captive Travel Plaza is defined as having an exit and entrance via the highway only and not
accessible to the town or city. It provides the only convenient food option for those traveling on
the highway and is therefore the primary driver of traffic to the Subway® restaurant.
F.

If you are a Qualified FSP, provided you comply with the post-termination non-compete provisions
and other post-termination covenant and provision that survive termination of this Agreement, you may,
at any time, terminate this Agreement and cease operation of the Restaurant after giving us one hundred
and eighty (180) days’ prior written notice.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

11
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

