brought by Sub-Sublandlord at any time or, at Sub-Sublandlord’s election, from time to time,
and nothing in this Sub-Sublease shall be deemed to require Sub-Sublandlord to wait until the
Expiration Date to bring suit.
8.6

Waiver. Sub-Subtenant hereby expressly waives service of any notice of intention to reenter.
Sub-Subtenant hereby waives any and all rights to recover or to regain possession of the Premises
or to reinstate or to redeem this Sub-Sublease as permitted or provided by any statute, law or
decision now or hereafter in force and effect. No receipt of monies by Sub-Sublandlord from
Sub-Subtenant after the cancellation or termination of the Sub-Sublease shall reinstate, continue
or extend the Sub-Sublease, or affect any prior notice given to Sub-Subtenant or operate as a
waiver of the right of Sub-Sublandlord to enforce the payment of Rent and Additional Rent then
due or subsequently falling due, or operate as a waiver of the right of Sub-Sublandlord to recover
possession of the Premises by suit, action, proceeding or other remedy, and any and all moneys
so collected shall be deemed to be payments on account of the use and occupancy of the Premises,
or at the election of Sub-Sublandlord, on account of Sub-Subtenant’s liability under this SubSublease.

8.7

Proof of Claim. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Sub-Sublandlord to
prove and obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization or dissolution proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute
or rule of law governing such proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less
than the amount of the damages referred to in any of the preceding sections.

8.8

Injunction. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Sub-Subtenant of any of its SubSublease obligations, Sub-Sublandlord shall have the right to enjoin and restrain the breach and
to invoke any remedy allowed by law or in equity, in addition to other remedies provided in this
Sub-Sublease.

8.9

Independent Rights. The rights and remedies of Sub-Sublandlord are distinct, separate and
cumulative, and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Sub-Sublandlord, shall be deemed
to be to the exclusion of any of the others.

8.10 Non-Waiver. The failure of Sub-Sublandlord to insist upon strict performance of any of SubSubtenant’s obligations under this Sub-Sublease shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or
remedies that Sub-Sublandlord may have and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent
breach or default by Sub-Subtenant. The exercise of any of Sub-Sublandlord’s options under the
Sub-Sublease shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy of Sub-Sublandlord.
8.11 Waiver of Exemption from Distress. Sub-Subtenant agrees that notwithstanding anything
contained in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or
of any other jurisdiction, none of the personal property located on the Premises shall be exempt
from levy for distress for Rent in arrears, and that if Sub-Subtenant makes any claim for such an
exemption, this Sub-Sublease may be pleaded as an estoppel against Sub-Subtenant in any
appropriate action.
8.12 Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Sub-Sublease to the contrary, this SubSublease is conditioned upon the faithful performance by Sub-Subtenant of the Franchise
Agreement, and a default in the terms of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this SubSublease.
9

NO RENT ABATEMENT

Unless specifically provided in this Sub-Sublease, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of Rent,
Additional Rent, Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to Sub13

