We estimate the life cycle of a payment terminal is 5 years. You are required to update your payment terminal or
transition to a new payment terminal as we require to maintain operational efficiency and to keep pace with changing
technology and updates to our requirements or payment industry standards.
You will purchase the barcode reader from us for $170 or $180 if your restaurant has a drive-thru.
You are required to accept the following credit card brands, unless we grant you a waiver: VISA, MasterCard, Discover
and American Express. To process card payments, you must have a high-speed broadband connection that meets our
standards and specifications. If the transaction is processed through our Global Payments Program, you will pay an
Acquirer Fee per transaction ranging from $0.00-$0.10 subject to future changes; Network and Interchange Fees vary
depending on card brand and type of transaction, where typical Network and Interchange Fees for required credit card
brands range from $0.22 per transaction to 2.4% of the transaction total, subject to future changes; fixed $10 Monthly
Terminal Fee and fixed $10 Monthly Switching Fee. The fees above will be charged for all credit and debit card
purchases whether they are made remotely through the remote order website, Subway® mobile app or other payment
app, or the catering call center (“Card Not Present Transactions”) or in-restaurant (“Card Present Transactions”). These
fees may be re-negotiated over time and are subject to change.
In the future, we may approve additional hardware and software vendors. We may charge additional fees for any such
future hardware and/or software that we require. You will be required to comply with such changes.
Approved PC-based POS System Hardware and Software Support: The FWH Technology Support Center (“Support
Center”) will provide limited hardware support, and SubwayPOS® software support. Hardware support available from
the Support Center for franchisees using the HP POS Systems with a current warranty is limited to troubleshooting
and/or an initial diagnosis of the hardware issue at which time you will be referred to HP Technical Support. Please do
not contact HP directly for hardware support issues until you have been instructed to do so by the Support Center. The
initial diagnosis of the hardware issue is provided free of charge for SubwayPOS® users. We reserve the right to change
this fee structure at any time. Your fees for software support will be higher if you do not provide us with your consent
to remotely access your POS System.
HP will provide hardware support to franchisees using an HP POS System during normal business hours from 9:00 AM
local time to 5:00 PM local time. Extended hours may apply. You may contact HP technical support at the number listed
on Subway® intranet site. Hardware support provided by HP is free of charge while the products are under warranty. If
a product is no longer under warranty, franchisees will be responsible for the full cost to replace any defective parts.
We currently require all franchisees to use digital transaction fraud protection services provided by Kount. Service fees
are currently $0.0068 per digital transaction, subject to increase if vendor pricing increases.
Sub Club Program. You are required to participate in the Sub Club program administered by our affiliate, Subway
MyWay, for all of your new and existing restaurants, including AAFES, NEXCOM and MCCS locations. In order to
participate, you must have a high speed internet connection and the SubwayPOS® software. Guests who are members
of the program will be able to earn and redeem points and rewards that may be used toward purchases made at Subway®
restaurants. Points are earned through member purchases and bonus programs and promotions. As part of the Sub Club
program, we will also offer a digital punch card for guests to receive stamps for certain purchases to receive additional
savings or free items (the “Sub Club Punch Card”). There will be no reimbursement for Sub Club Punch Card
redemptions.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, fees will be 1.9% of the gross sales, subject to any annual adjustments as
stated below, for each loyalty/reward transaction made by a Subway® MVP Rewards program member at your
restaurant. You will be charged this fee on all loyalty/reward transactions made by a program member for all of your
new and existing restaurants. All Sub Club program fees will be paid to and administered by Subway MyWay, LLC or
another affiliate we designate. You may also incur incidental charges for supplies associated with your participation in
the program. For each loyalty/reward purchase in which a $2 reward or a “Surprise Reward” is redeemed by a Sub Club
program member, you will be reimbursed for 30.9% of the cash value of a $2 Rewards and/or “Surprise Reward”
redeemed for that purchase. There will be no reimbursement for Sub Club Punch Card redemptions. Any
reimbursements for the loyalty card/reward program will be paid by Subway MyWay, LLC. The fees and
69

