availability and taxes. We cannot estimate the costs for other initiatives listed above as they are in the early stages of
planning and costs cannot be estimated at this time.
Note 16. Taxes and Other Fees. You will pay or reimburse us for payment of any Sales Tax or other tax imposed by
law on the Franchise Fee, Royalty, advertising fees, and any other amounts payable under your Franchise Agreement,
whether assessed on you or on us. Taxes may be payable to your state, county, or town. We, or another entity to which
you pay fees, will pass on to you the cost of any taxes we or the other recipient must pay directly to the taxing authority.
Note 17. Training Fee. There is no fee for two persons to attend the Training Program. A training fee of $7,500 will be
charged for any additional persons attending training. You must also pay all costs for any of your restaurant employees
or managers to complete in-restaurant certain required online training courses.
Note 18. Catering Program Fees. There is no fee for the basic catering program. However, if you participate in the
online catering program powered by ezCater, a fee of approximately 7.75% (for ezOrdering) or 15.75% (for ezCater
Marketplace) of each catering order will be charged to cover commissions and includes credit card processing fees. This
fee may change to reflect costs. We may make additional modifications to the program and you will be responsible for
any costs or fees associated with those modifications.
Note 19. POS System Hardware-as-a-Service Fees. The amount in the chart represents the estimated cost of the base
package in the RTaaS program, exclusive of tax and shipping charges for one POS System. Additional hardware and
services may be added to this base package as the program evolves and/or the technology needs of the brand expand,
which may result in additional costs. Additional packages at varying monthly rates may also be offered in the future.
Note 20. Restaurant Excellence Visits. Our third-party provider will perform Restaurant Excellence Visits periodically
at your Restaurant to ensure compliance with our standards and specifications, to promote best practices and food safety
execution, and to assist with keeping up with industry trends. Franchisees are not charged for periodic visits; however,
if your Restaurant receives a “Fail” score from our provider, you will be charged the Revisit Fee. You will receive a
revisit until a passing score is achieved, and you will be charged the Revisit Fee for each revisit.
THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK

45

