because of any act or omission of Sub-Subtenant, any mechanic’s or other lien, charge, claim or
order for the payment of money shall be filed against the Premises or against Sub-Sublandlord,
Sub-Subtenant shall, at its own cost and expense, cause it to be canceled and discharged of record
or bonded within thirty (30) days after notice of filing thereof. In the event that Sub-Subtenant
fails to cause any such mechanics’ or other lien, charge or order to be canceled and discharged
or bonded, then, in addition, to any other right or remedy of Sub-Sublandlord, Sub-Sublandlord
may, at its option, cancel or discharge it by paying the amount claimed to be due into court or
directly to any claimant and the amount so paid by Sub-Sublandlord and all costs and expenses
including attorneys’ fees incurred for the cancellation or discharge of such lien shall be due from
Sub-Subtenant to Sub-Sublandlord as an additional charge payable on demand.
5.5

Signs. Sub-Subtenant shall not place any signs or symbols on any portion of the Premises without
the prior written approval of Sub-Sublandlord, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
delayed, or conditioned.

5.6

Inspection. Fee owner, Sub-Sublandlord or their representatives shall have the right to enter the
Premises at reasonable hours of any business day to ascertain if the Premises are in proper repair
and condition, provided, that such persons will make every reasonable effort not to interfere with
customers or Sub-Subtenant’s operation of the business.

5.7

License and Laws. Sub-Subtenant shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain all necessary
licenses and/or permits that may be required for the conduct of its business; and Sub-Subtenant
shall, at its own cost and expense, promptly observe and comply with all present and future laws,
ordinances, requirements, orders, directions, rules and regulations (referred to generally as
“Regulations”) of governmental authorities having or claiming jurisdiction over the Premises or
the conduct of Sub-Subtenant’s business. By way of example, and not limitation, compliance
with governmental Regulations shall include, but not be limited to alterations and/or additions to
the Premises if required under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.

5.8

Damage or Destruction. If, during the Term, the Premises or the personal property or fixtures
on it are destroyed or damaged in whole or in part by fire or other cause, Sub-Subtenant shall
give Sub-Sublandlord immediate notice, and Sub-Subtenant, at its own cost and expense, shall
cause the prompt repair, replacement and rebuilding of same (“Restoration”), subject to Section
5.2 and Section 5.3 of this Sub-Sublease. The restored building, personal property or fixtures
shall reflect the then current image of the SUBWAY® brand. Sub-Sublandlord shall in no event
be called upon to repair, replace or rebuild any such buildings, fixtures or personal property, nor
to pay any of the costs or expenses thereof beyond or in excess of any insurance proceeds, as
provided in this Sub-Sublease.

5.9

Disclaimer. The taking of possession of the Premises by Sub-Subtenant shall be conclusive
evidence that Sub-Subtenant has accepted the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or patent
defects. Sub-Subtenant acknowledges that Sub-Subtenant is relying on its own independent
inspection. The Sub-Subtenant acknowledges and is aware that the success or lack thereof of any
particular SUBWAY® restaurant within a Walmart store is unknown. The Sub-Subtenant has
made its own independent determination of the viability within this particular location and is
relying on no representations whatsoever as to the profitability, ease of operation, success or
failure, costs to construct, of this or any other SUBWAY® restaurant located within a Walmart
store.

5.10 Contracts. Sub-Subtenant shall not without Sub-Sublandlord’s written consent enter into any
service contract or agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the
occupants of it unless such contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more
than thirty (30) days’ notice or shall expressly provide that it shall not become binding on Sub9

