2.2

Not a Franchise Agreement. This Agreement is not itself a Franchise Agreement, and only sets the
framework for the parties to enter into each of the Franchise Agreements in accordance with the
Development Schedule. This Agreement does not grant to Developer any right to use in any manner our
Marks or System separate from the rights granted under each Franchise Agreement. Developer has no right
under this Agreement to license others to use in any manner the Marks or System.

3

DEVELOPMENT FEE

The Development Fee is $______ (the “Development Fee”), which is equal to 100% of the combined initial
franchise fees required to be paid under each Franchise Agreement related to the Restaurants contemplated by the
Development Schedule. The Development Fee is fully earned by us when paid by you and non-refundable. For any
Restaurant timely opened or purchased in strict accordance with the Development Schedule, a portion of the
Development Fee will be credited to the full amount of initial franchise fee owed under the applicable Franchise
Agreement for such Restaurant. However, for any Restaurant not timely opened or purchased in strict accordance
with the Development Schedule, no portion of the Development Fee will be credited to the initial franchise fee
applicable to such Restaurant, and you will instead be required to pay the full initial franchise fee in accordance
with the applicable Franchise Agreement.
4

DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS

4.1

Compliance with Development Schedule. Your failure to meet the Development Obligations Development
Obligations in any given year on the Development Schedule (each, a “Development Year”) will be deemed
an “Annual Shortfall,” and your failure to comply with the Development Obligations cumulatively as of
any given Development Year will be deemed a “Cumulative Shortfall.” Annual Shortfalls and Cumulative
Shortfalls together may be referred to as “Shortfalls.” Likewise, your exceeding the Development
Obligations in any given Development Year will be deemed an “Annual Excess,” and your exceeding the
required Development Obligations cumulatively as of any given Development Year will be deemed a
“Cumulative Excess.” Annual Excesses and Cumulative Excesses together may be referred to as
“Excesses.” The following will apply to any Shortfall or Excess, as applicable:

4.2

4.1.1

If you achieve an Annual Excess, we will provide an initial franchise fee credit per Restaurant in
excess of the required number of Restaurants to be developed or opened in the applicable
Development Year. This credit may be applied toward any new Restaurant that you open in the
Development Year immediately following the Development Year of the Annual Excess. For the
avoidance of doubt, this credit is not redeemable for a cash payment from us and is forfeited if not
used in accordance with this section.

4.1.2

If there is no Shortfall of the Development Obligations when you purchase an existing
Restaurant(s), the term of any Franchise Agreement for the existing Restaurant(s) that you purchase
during this time will be 20 years (instead of the term remaining on the transferee’s franchise
agreement).

4.1.3

Any Shortfall may be deemed a default in accordance with Section 7. For the avoidance of doubt,
any Annual Shortfall may be deemed a default notwithstanding the contemporaneous occurrence
of a Cumulative Excess.

Affiliates. We, in our sole discretion, may approve you to use Affiliates to enter into Franchise Agreements
contemplated under this Agreement. The term “Affiliate” means any corporation, limited liability company
or other business entity of which Developer or one or more of its majority owners who are approved by us
owns at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the total authorized ownership interests, and Developer or such
owner(s) have the right to control the entity’s management and policies.

3

