do not have the capability to return any Restaurant Data or Franchisee Personnel Data to you
once it is transmitted to us, and regardless, we are under no obligation to do so. You agree you
do not have any right to inspect the data centers where we store any Restaurant Data or
Franchisee Personnel Data or any right to audit our use of any Restaurant Data or Franchisee
Personnel Data. You waive the benefits of any local law granting you such rights.
f.

Disclaimer. We implement security procedures to help protect Restaurant Data and Franchisee
Personnel Data in our possession from security attacks. However, you understand that Restaurant
Data and Franchisee Personnel Data may be transmitted over networks that are not owned,
operated, or controlled by us, and that we are not responsible for any data that is lost, altered,
intercepted, or stored across such networks. We cannot and do not guarantee that our security
procedures will be error-free, that transmissions of data will always be secure, that unauthorized
third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service
providers, or that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur.

g. Data Security. You will establish and will at all times maintain and comply with administrative,
organizational, technical, and physical security measures and safeguards that protect the security
and confidentiality of the Software, Restaurant Data, and Franchisee Personnel Data. You will
implement appropriate personnel security and integrity procedures and practices and will provide
appropriate privacy and information security training to your personnel. You agree that it is your
responsibility to ensure that your Restaurant and you comply with any and all data security
requirements that may be imposed on you by (i) the laws or regulations with jurisdiction over
the Restaurant’s location, (ii) applicable data security standards (such as Payment Card Industry
Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA DSS)),
and (iii) any other data security requirements we may require from time to time. Additionally,
upon request, you will be required to provide, on an annual basis, reasonable evidence of such
compliance, including, but not limited to, proof of your PCI DSS compliance.
h. Data Security Incidents. In the event of any suspected or actual security incident (i) that
results in or may result in unauthorized access to or use of the Restaurant Data, Franchisee
Personnel Data, or the Software, including, but not limited to, any actual or suspected
unauthorized disclosure of, or access, use, acquisition of, copying, theft, modification, misuse,
loss of, or inability to account for, any Restaurant Data or Franchisee Personnel Data, or the
Software, or any unauthorized use of any log-in credentials; (ii) that compromises the security,
integrity, or operability of the Software, including, but not limited, to ransomware attacks,
encryption events, and denial of service attacks; or (iii) that constitutes a data breach or the
equivalent under applicable laws or regulations (each, a “Data Security Incident”), you will
notify us immediately upon, and in no event more than 48 hours after, discovering or detecting
the Data Security Incident, you will promptly cooperate with us in good faith in investigating and
responding to Data Security incidents in accordance with our standard policies and procedures,
and you will consult and cooperate with us in advance of any issuance of individual, regulatory,
or media notification of any Data Security Incident. Except if and as may be otherwise required
by applicable law, any press release, external communication, filing, notice, or published report
related to a Data Security Incident must be approved in advance and in writing by us. Notice in
accordance with this subsection must be provided to us via the following email address:
criticalsecurity@subway.com.
i.

Data Processing Addendum. To the extent Franchisee Personnel Data and Restaurant Data
contain information that identifies or locates a natural person or that, in combination with other
reasonably available data, can be used to identify or locate a natural person, which is referred to
as “personal data”, the DPA applies to you and to Franchisor. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the DPA and any other term of this Agreement, the terms of the DPA will govern
and control.

Page 7 of 22

