Fee to Co-Brand Location
with AUNTIE ANNE’S®

12 ½% of total weekly
gross sales for AUNTIE
ANNE’S® products

Payable weekly

See Note 13

Add to Note 5. Transfer Fee:
If your restaurant is co-branded with an AUNTIE ANNE’S® store, you cannot transfer or assign any interest in your
Franchise Agreement or in your restaurant unless you simultaneously transfer to the same individuals your same interest in
the AA Franchise Agreement and AUNTIE ANNE’S® store. You will have to satisfy the separate transfer procedures we
and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. have, including the right to approve the transfer and your transferees, and payment of a transfer fee.
If Auntie Anne’s, Inc. does not consent to your request to transfer your store, Auntie Anne’s, Inc. will grant you the right
to terminate your AA Franchise Agreement in accordance with their termination procedures. Any right of first refusal under
your Franchise Agreement with us to purchase your restaurant will include the right to purchase the AUNTIE ANNE’S®
store you operate in combination with the restaurant.
Add to Note 6. Location Rent:
If your Co-Branded Location will be located in a non-traditional location, you will pay your rent to your landlord under the
Sublease you enter into with our designated leasing affiliate, unless we allow otherwise.
Add to Note 6. Location Rent:
On April 24, 2013, Walmart Stores, Inc., Walmart Stores East, LP, Walmart Louisiana, LLC, Walmart Arkansas, LLC, and
Walmart Texas, LLC and Twin Towers Trading Site Management (“TTTSM”) amended their master lease agreement, to
permit the co-branding of Subway® restaurants with AUNTIE ANNE’S® stores within retail establishments owned by
Walmart Stores Inc. (the “Master lease”). On April 9, 2013, TTSM and SRL amended their master sublease agreement
whereby TTSM subleased its rights under the amended Master Lease agreement to SRL (the “Master Sublease”).
If your Co-Branded Location will be located within a Walmart store, a Sublease will be executed between TTTSM and SRL
for each co-branded location within a Walmart store that will be incorporated into the Master Sublease. You must then
enter into a Sub-Sublease Agreement with SRL for the premises (the “Sub-Sublease Agreement”). You will be required to
sell any items authorized by us and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. You will pay rent for the Subway® restaurants and AUNTIE
ANNE’S® stores separately in accordance with the Master Sublease Agreement. Your rent will be a percentage of your
monthly gross sales for your Subway® restaurant and your AUNTIE ANNE’S® store. TTTSM may require you to personally
guarantee the Master Sublease with respect to the Co-Branded Location premises and may also require a right of first refusal
if you want to transfer the Co-Branded location. SRL may assess late payment fees and other costs arising from
administration of the Master Sublease, and has the same rights as TTTSM on default to charge you for certain fees, to carry
out repairs and to recover costs.
Add to Note 13. Co-Brand Continuing Fee with the following:
Note 13. Fee to Co-Brand Location with AUNTIE ANNE’S® Store. If your restaurant is co-branded with an AUNTIE
ANNE’S® store, you will pay to us weekly a fee equal to 12½% of gross sales for all AUNTIE ANNE’S® product sold. We
will retain 6% of this amount as an additional royalty payment to us. We will deposit 3% of this amount into SFAFT. The
remaining 3½% of this amount will be paid directly to Auntie Anne’s, Inc. by us. In the future, we may alter the distribution
of these funds.
Item 7
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment for a Co-Branded Location may vary from the chart above, depending on whether it is located in a
Walmart store or non-traditional location, the equipment you have to buy, and the changes you may have to make in
construction improvements. The additional equipment and supplies you will need to offer AUNTIE ANNE’S® products
may increase your costs. In addition, free sampling of menu offerings is a key component of AUNTIE ANNE’S® marketing
program. Auntie Anne’s, Inc. may require you to distribute free samples of AUNTIE ANNE’S® menu offerings sold at your
2

