are a California or Colorado resident, please see our Supplemental U.S. State Privacy
Notice for more information.
Other regions. If you would like to opt out of a loyalty program in a region not listed
above, please contact the independent purchasing organization or master franchisee
that is responsible for administering the program in the region in which you
registered. For a list of all the independent purchasing organizations and their regions,
please see the “Information Received from Third Parties” section above.
App Tracking Preferences
Opt Out By Deletion. You may use the standard uninstall, application, and data
management processes available through your mobile device. Once you have
uninstalled the app, all the information that is stored in the app is deleted, including any
preferences you previously set for location permissions and whether you have allowed
us to send you push notifications. Once the app is uninstalled and preferences are
deleted, push notifications from the app will stop. You may also refrain from using
application features that collect specific types of data. If you are an Apple user, our app
also allows you to request deletion of all account data from us.
Location Opt Out. You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that
information about your physical location is not shared with our app or other apps by (a)
disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying certain websites or
mobile applications permission to access location information by changing the relevant
preferences and permissions in your mobile device or browser settings. Please note
your location may be derived from your WiFi, Bluetooth, and other device settings. See
your device settings for more information.

YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, and depending on your state or country of residency, you
may have rights under applicable data protection laws in relation to your personal
information. Certain U.S. state residents may have additional rights, as described in our
Supplemental U.S. State Privacy Notice. You may have the right to:
Access Your Personal Information. You can request access to your personal
information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold
about you as well as details about how we are processing it.
Modify or Update Your Personal Information. We aim to ensure that personal
information in our possession is accurate, current, and complete. If you believe that the
personal information about you is incorrect, incomplete, or outdated, you may request
the revision or correction of that information.
Erasure of Your Personal Information. You may ask us to delete or remove personal
information we hold about you, subject to certain exceptions.

12

