Franchise:
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM FOR STATE OF NEW YORK
This Addendum (“Addendum”) dated
(the “Effective Date”) amends and
supplements the Franchise Agreement of the same date between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, with a principal office in Shelton, Connecticut (“we” or “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”). The Franchise Agreement, as amended by this
Addendum, will be called this “Agreement”. Capitalized terms used in this Rider that are defined in the Franchise
Agreement will have the meanings given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS:
A. The parties agree it is their intent and desire to amend this Agreement to comply with the requirements set forth in
the New York Franchise Act (“Franchise Act”). The parties are signing this Addendum, in part, to comply with the
Franchise Act. The parties agree that if it is later believed by a party or otherwise determined that the Franchise
Agreement fails to comply with the Franchise Act, the parties will further modify the Franchise Agreement so that it
will be in compliance.
AGREEMENT:
Acknowledging and agreeing to Recital above, which is added to the Recitals of the Franchise Agreement and is herein
incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any provisions of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise Agreement as follows:
I.

However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who, in the good faith and judgment of the franchisor, is
willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s obligations under the agreement.

II. If your franchise is located in the state of New York, you may terminate the Franchise Agreement on any grounds
available by law.
III. The choice of law provision in the Franchise Agreement should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon
the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the Franchise Act.
IV. Sections 25.A through 25.F of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

3

