ATTACHMENT 4 [INCLUDE IF RELOCATING]
LANDLORD'S WORK - MODIFIED VANILLA SHELL
Landlord at Landlord’s sole cost and expense, shall construct the Premises in accordance with this
Attachment.
1. Utilities: All Utilities shall be separately metered for Tenant's sole use. Landlord will provide and install
at Landlord's cost, "service ready" connections/conduits in the Premises for all utilities (gas, electric, water,
sewer, high speed internet and telephone) to enable Tenant to order such services without Tenant having to
incur any hook-up, tap or installation fees. In addition, any required development or impact fees, asbestos
testing or abatement fees, and/or any other related charges will be paid by the Landlord.
2. ADA Requirements: Landlord will be responsible for any exterior ADA requirements including leading into
or exiting the Tenant's premises.
3. Electrical: Electrical service supplied to the premises sufficient for servicing all of Tenant's equipment
and fixtures. Minimum (2) electrical panels, 200 amps each for a total of 400 amps (3 phase, 120/208V),
each panel to have (42) circuits each with breakers. Main feeder from service point to panel(s), main breaker
and main disconnect to be dedicated for Tenant's use only. Electrical panels to be located as per Tenant's
plans and specifications. Landlord will be responsible for any upgrades to the main building electrical
service to accommodate Tenant's electrical requirements. Electrical receptacle outlets per tenant's plans and
specifications and (1) exterior light just outside of Tenant's rear door. Landlord will also provide conduit and
time clock for Tenant signage.
4. Plumbing: Landlord will provide 4" minimum sewer waste line at suitable depth to drain as per local code
requirements. In addition, Landlord will provide a grease trap (if required by local code) and grease waste
line to fixtures that must be tied into grease trap as required by local code. Landlord will provide 1" domestic
waterline with a minimum 55 psi water pressure, separately metered with backflow preventer, and 50 gallon
water heater, located as per Tenant plans and specifications.
5. Lighting: LED light fixtures as per Tenant's plans and specifications.
6. Ceiling: Acoustical ceiling 2x2 tiles and ceiling grid painted with the Tenant specified paint colors.
Service area will need to have 2x2 vinyl rock washable ceiling tiles. Ceiling height and additional
specifications provided by Tenant.
7. Drywall: Demising walls and/or Fire Walls, will meet minimum code requirements with all penetrations
sealed and/or fire caulked (or other approved methods). All Demising walls shall be framed with minimum 20
gauge metal studs and insulated. All walls will be taped, smooth finish (minimum Level 4 finish) (entire walls
finished to ceiling deck), and primed.
8. HVAC System: (2) new separate (5) ton package AC units (with heat) are preferred, minimum 14 SEER.
Landlord to provide main trunk duct drop, distribution spiral ductwork, and programmable thermostats as per
tenant specifications and local code. If fire duct smoke detectors are required then Landlord will provide. Any
structural steel or roofing that may be required will be the responsibility of the Landlord. Landlord will also
provide exhaust ductwork and any penetrations required for Tenant's oven exhaust fan requirements.
9. Bathrooms: Landlord shall provide two fully functional restrooms compliant with Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) insulated for sound and located as per Tenant's plans and specifications. Plumbing
system to be in good working order. Provide water closets and lavatories per local and federal code.

Amendment to Lease - Attachment 4 - 1

