discriminated against on the grounds of age and disability, and that he was denied any form of accommodation
during his visit at the restaurant, which resulted in, notably, the Complainant’s alleged emotional harm and loss
of dignity. Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, ULC intends to respond to the complaint and will contest the
complaint.
B. Civil Actions Which Have Been Settled, Dismissed, Reached Judgment or Withdrawn Prior to Final Judgment:
17) National Consumers League, on behalf of the general public, Plaintiff v. Doctor’s Associates, Inc., Defendant
(Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Civil Division Case No. 13-0006549). This action was filed on
September 26, 2013, by the Plaintiff, a non-profit organization, claiming fraudulent, deceptive, and improper
marketing and trade practices in violation of the Washington D.C. Consumer Protection Act, and alleging that the
9-Grain Wheat Bread and the Honey Oat Bread sold by Defendant’s Subway® franchisees located in the District
of Columbia did not contain whole wheat, as allegedly implied in the Defendant’s advertising. The Plaintiff
sought a declaration that the Defendant violated the Washington D.C. Consumer Protection Act; an order that the
Defendant correct its advertising, labeling and signage; restitution; treble damages or statutory damages in the
amount of $1,500 per violation, whichever was greater; attorneys’ fees; expert’s fees and costs; and other such
relief as the court may deem just and proper. On April 29, 2015, the case was dismissed following a settlement
between the parties. DAI agreed to pay $250,000 ($130,000 for the Plaintiff and $120,000 for Plaintiff’s
attorneys’ fees) and Plaintiff released DAI from all claims.
18) Doctor’s Associates Inc., Claimant v. Alpa Patel, Subway Restaurant #27789, Respondent (American Arbitration
Association Case No. 12-20-1300-0156). On May 7, 2014 the Respondent filed a counterclaim in the above
arbitration (DAI had previously filed for termination for non-compliance with system standards) claiming that
DAI breached the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, alleging DAI had not properly reviewed the site of its
restaurant, and should have relocated it. The Respondent sought money damages, costs of the arbitration,
including all fees and expenses. On September 9, 2015, the matter was settled. By agreement of the parties, all
claims and counterclaims were withdrawn, and the franchise for restaurant # 27789 was terminated. Respondent
was permitted to transfer an unrelated store, and an affiliate of DAI agreed to release Patel from $39,042 of liability
owed to it pertaining to the lease settlement for restaurant # 27789. No settlement monies were exchanged.
19) Alpenjo Corp., Plainview JP Corp., Commack JPJ Corp., and Setauket JPJ Corp., Claimants v. Personal Training
Franchise Ventures, LLC, Franchise World Headquarters, LLC and Franchise Brands, LLC., Respondents
(American Arbitration Association Case Number: 01-15-0002-9419). On March 19, 2015, four Personal Training
Institute franchisees filed an arbitration alleging that Personal Training Franchise Ventures failed to provide
support to its franchises and the brand, and made misrepresentations in the Personal Training Institute Franchise
Disclosure Document. The Claimants alleged fraud, breach of the franchise agreement, unjust enrichment, and
violations of New York State General Business Law §683. Claimants sought damages of $1,000,000, rescission
of the Franchise Agreements, reasonable attorneys’ fees, expert fees, and costs. On July 16, 2015, Respondents
brought counter-claims against Claimants, and sought to declare the four franchises terminated for non-payment
of royalties and fees, and awards for unpaid royalties and damages. On September 10, 2015, the parties settled all
claims. Neither party admitted liability, all claims were waived, Respondents paid Claimants $75,000 and
Claimants agreed to stop doing business as Personal Training Institute at their 4 locations by January 2016.
20) Mark J. Wallace, Plaintiff v. Doctor’s Associates Inc., Defendant, No. 2017CH11997 (Circuit Court of Cook
County, Chancery Division). On September 1, 2017, the Plaintiff filed the above class action lawsuit against the
Defendant. The Plaintiff alleges the point of sale system, which the Defendant requires all of its franchisees to use
in accordance with its specifications, was not configured properly. The Plaintiff alleges the class members were
wrongfully charged an additional tax on purchases of 100% juice, which are excluded from the additional tax
required under the Chicago Soft Drink Tax Ordinance. The Plaintiff alleged the Defendant acted in violation of
the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Act. The Plaintiff sought an injunction requiring the
Defendant to reconfigure the point of sale system of its franchisees to exclude 100% juice from the additional tax,
actual damages and attorney’s fees for the class, and any further relief the court deemed proper. The Defendant
filed a motion to remove the matter to Federal Court and a Motion to Dismiss. Without an admission of
wrongdoing, on February 13, 2018 the Defendant paid $7,250 in settlement of all claims on behalf of itself, its
affiliates and franchisees.
8

