Type of Fee
Reduced Fee
for Qualified
NonTraditional
Locations2, 3, 4

Amount
$7,500

Description
You will pay the reduced franchise fee if you are purchasing a franchise for a nontraditional location and: 1) you are an approved convenience store operator, a food
service management company, or other company that provides its own food
services (and you have 50 or more locations or you have a net worth of at least
$10 million as shown on an audited balance sheet); 2) you are a cooperative,
foundation, qualified non-profit charity, hospital, university, college, other school,
or First Nations, governmental agency or entity; 3) the non-traditional location
you are purchasing is located within a hospital; or 4) you are purchasing your
franchise for a non-traditional location we approved to be located in a portion of
an existing facility you own, lease or otherwise control under a management
agreement and you are a franchisee in good standing of a nationally branded
gasoline or convenience store retailer. If any of these representations are not true
when your Restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant evaluation),
you agree to pay an additional $7,500 plus Taxes. If we do not approve your
location within 90 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement, we may terminate
your Franchise Agreement and refund your initial franchise fee.

Add-on Fee

$3,750

If you qualify for the reduced fee and you want to add an individual owner who is
not already a Subway® franchisee, you must also pay the add-on fee in addition to
the reduced fee. We may change or eliminate this add-on fee in the future. We will
waive the add-on fee if you are adding your parent, child, or spouse as an owner.

Satellite
Franchise Fee5,

$5,000

This is the initial franchise fee for a satellite restaurant; however, this fee will be
waived if your satellite will be located in the same facility as your Base Restaurant.

Short-Term
Satellite
Franchise Fee6,

$1,000

This is the initial franchise fee if the satellite will be in operation for a term of 1
year or less (“short-term”).

Additional Fee
for NonCompliance

$7,500

If you or your affiliate are an existing Subway® franchisee, you represent that all
your restaurants are in substantial compliance with the Operations Manual and
there are no material defaults under the franchise agreement(s) governing the
operation of such restaurant(s). If any of the aforesaid representations are not true
when your restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant evaluation),
you agree to pay us an additional $7,500.

7

7

Note 1:
We may offer financing for franchisees purchasing a franchise for a restaurant to be located in a low-density market.
We may stop or modify any loan programs we offer at any time.
Certain multi-unit operators who sign a Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement or a Development Agreement may qualify for
a rebate of some or all of their initial franchise fee if they meet or exceed their development schedule. We may modify
or discontinue this policy at any time in our sole discretion.
Note 2:
If you do not qualify for the reduced fee, you must pay the full fee of $15,000. If you qualify for the reduced franchise
fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement, but any of your existing restaurants are out of substantial compliance (based
upon your most recent restaurant evaluation) when your restaurant opens, you must pay us the $7,500 balance of the
full franchise fee.

24

