applicable to the License Agreement. The commission fee may increase upon extension or renewal of the license for the
location.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
The leasing or extension procedures vary or may not apply under our programs for purchase of a specific location or
a non-traditional location under the Satellite Rider, Franchise Agreement Rider, School Lunch Rider, Specific
Location Rider, Short Term Satellite Rider, or the MCCS Rider. Under the MCCS Rider, you must open the restaurant
within the time provided in the License Agreement. We will not grant you any extensions.
You may be required to obtain approval from MCCS for any advertising material you develop. In any advertising
materials that refer to MCCS, you must include a statement that the advertising material was neither paid for nor
sponsored, in whole or in part, by MCCS.
Computer and Cash Register Systems:
You may be required under the License Agreement to receive approval from MCCS for any POS system hardware
and software you use in the restaurant.
Item 12
TERRITORY
If you have signed a MCCS Rider, provided you did not breach your Franchise Agreement or the License Agreement,
you may relocate the restaurant to another site if the license for the location expires or terminates. You are responsible
for paying all costs of the relocation and for the construction and opening of the new location. In addition, if you are
relocating to a non-MCCS site, the MCCS Rider will be of no further force and effect except the obligations of the
License Agreement which continue after the termination or expiration of the license for the location.
We issue franchises for cities or towns, except satellite, certain non-traditional, school lunch program, community
development program, location selection program and MCCS location franchises are issued for specific identified
locations.
You may also be required to obtain approval from MCCS for any such advertising materials.
If you establish the restaurant at a MCCS location, you assume the risks associated with base re-alignments and/or
closures which may reduce the number of available customers and decrease sales.
Item 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
You must operate your restaurant in accordance with the Operations Manual and the License Agreement as they are
revised.
Item 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS
If you have signed a MCCS Rider, you may be required under the License Agreement to have someone on duty at all
times in the restaurant, who has been certified through a food protection manager certification examination process.
If you have signed a MCCS Rider, you must keep your restaurant open within the hours specified in the License
Agreement, subject to local regulations, unless we and MCCS approve otherwise in writing.
7

