written consent. If we approve the closure of the Restaurant in writing, or if you fail to obtain our approval
to close the Restaurant and we subsequently determine the Restaurant should be closed, you must change
the appearance of the Restaurant, to the extent we require, so it will no longer be identified as a Subway®
Restaurant within fourteen (14) days of the date we issue our written approval or provide notice to you of
our decision for the Restaurant to close.
H.
If your leasehold interest in the Premises is not a Sublease with us, you are responsible for
obtaining a termination and mutual release of such lease from the landlord for us or our affiliate(s). You
are responsible for all costs associated with obtaining the termination and mutual release, including but not
limited to any amounts owed to the landlord.
I.
You shall promptly pay all sums owing to us. In the event of termination for any default of
yours or termination without cause by you, such sums shall include all damages (which may include lost
future Royalty Fees), costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by us as a result
of the default.
J.
You shall pay to us all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees,
incurred by us subsequent to the termination or expiration of the franchise herein granted in obtaining
injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Section or Section 19.
K.
You shall immediately turn over to us all manuals, including the Confidential Operations
Manual, customer lists, records, files, instructions, brochures, agreements, disclosure statements, and any
and all other materials provided by us to you or which contain our Confidential Information relating to the
operation of the Restaurant (all of which you acknowledge to be our property).
L.
We shall have the right, title and interest to the menu board and any sign or sign faces
bearing the Marks. You hereby acknowledge our right to access the Premises should we elect to take
possession of any said menu board, sign or sign faces bearing the Marks.
M.
We shall have the right (but not the duty), to be exercised by notice of intent to do so within
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration, to purchase for cash any or all equipment, supplies, and
other inventory, advertising materials, all items bearing the Marks, and the assets of any commissary,
bakery, ghost kitchen or related facility owned by you, at fair market value. If the parties cannot agree on
fair market value within a reasonable time, an independent appraiser acceptable to you and us shall be
designated by us, and her/his determination shall be binding. In determining fair market value, the parties
shall not take into consideration the goodwill associated with the Marks. If we elect to exercise any option
to purchase herein provided, we shall have the right to set off all amounts due from you under this
Agreement or any other agreements between you or your affiliate and us or our affiliate, and the cost of the
appraisal, if any, against any payment therefor.
N.
You hereby acknowledge that all telephone numbers, internet addresses, and domain names
used in the operation of the Restaurant constitute assets of the Restaurant and will be used solely to identify
the Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement; and upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
you shall promptly assign to us or our designee, all of your right, title, and interest in and to your telephone
numbers, internet addresses, and domain names and shall promptly notify the telephone company or domain
registrar, as applicable, and all listing agencies of the termination or expiration of your right to use any
telephone numbers, internet addresses, and domain names and any regular, classified or other telephone or
website directory listing associated with the Marks and to authorize a transfer of same to us at our direction.
O.
You shall immediately (i) cease using or operating any Online Presence (including without
limitation any social media account) related to the Restaurant or the Marks, and (ii) take any action as may
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

33

