notice of the termination of or refusal to renew this Agreement than is required hereunder or the taking of
some other action not required hereunder, or if under any applicable and binding law or rule of any
jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure
prescribed by us is invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action required by such law or
rule shall be substituted for the notice requirements hereof, or such invalid or unenforceable provision,
specification, standard or operating procedure shall be modified to the extent required to be valid and
enforceable. Such modifications to this Agreement shall be effective only in such jurisdiction and shall be
enforced as originally made and entered into in all other jurisdictions.
D.
Waiver of Obligations. You and we may by written instrument only unilaterally waive
any obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement. No acceptance by us of any payment
by you or any other person or entity and no failure, refusal or neglect of us or you to exercise any right
under this Agreement or to insist upon full compliance by the other with its obligations hereunder, including
without limitation, any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure, shall constitute a waiver
of any provision of this Agreement.
E.
Franchisee May Not Withhold Payments Due Franchisor. You agree that you will not
withhold payment of any amounts owed to us, on grounds of the alleged nonperformance by us of any of
our obligations hereunder.
F.
Rights of Parties are Cumulative. Your and our rights hereunder are cumulative and no
exercise or enforcement by you or us of any right or remedy hereunder shall preclude the exercise or
enforcement by you or us of any other right or remedy hereunder or which you or us is entitled by law to
enforce.
G.
Waiver of Punitive, Exemplary and Consequential Damages and Jury Trial.
EXCEPT FOR YOUR OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY US FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS
UNDER SECTION 20, YOU AND WE HEREBY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO OR CLAIM FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER AND AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT
OF ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN US WE EACH SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE RECOVERY OF
ANY ACTUAL DAMAGES SUSTAINED. YOU AND WE IRREVOCABLY WAIVE TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY US OR YOU.
H.

Limitation of Claims and Certain Damages; Class Action Bar.

1.
Except for claims arising from your non-payment or underpayment of amounts
you owe us, any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the relationship
between you and us will be barred unless an action or proceeding is commenced in accordance with
this Agreement within one (1) year from the date the party asserting the claim knew or should have
known of the facts giving rise to such claims.
2.
If the landlord terminates the lease for the Restaurant and an arbitrator or court
determines you did not breach the Sublease and it was our or our affiliate’s fault the landlord
terminated the lease, our obligation to you will be limited to the original cost of your leasehold
improvements, less depreciation based on a five (5) year life under the straight-line method. We
will pay you when you reopen the Restaurant in a new location. If the arbitrator or court determines
you breached the Sublease or it was not our or our affiliate’s fault the landlord terminated the lease,
we and our affiliate will have no obligation to you for termination of the lease.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

35

