7.8

Cross-Default. No default under the Development Schedule under this Agreement will constitute a default
under any Franchise Agreement between the parties hereto. However, a default or breach of any of the
Franchise Agreements contemplated under the Development Schedule is a breach and default under this
Agreement, and any default under Section 8.2 or Section 9 of this Agreement constitutes a default under
each of the Franchise Agreements.

7.9

Non-Exclusive Rights. No remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to us is exclusive of any other remedy
provided or permitted by law or equity.

8

TRANSFERS

8.1

By Us. We may transfer, assign, and delegate all or any part of our rights and obligations under this
Agreement to any person or entity we deem appropriate. Such transfer, assignment, or delegation will effect
a complete novation as to the right or obligation transferred, assigned, or delegated. After such transfer,
assignment, or delegation, you must look solely to the transferee, assignee, or delegatee, and not to us, for
the satisfaction of any obligation transferred, assigned, or delegated. We may also, without your consent,
transfer, assign, or otherwise alter any or all of the ownership in us.

8.2

By You. Our prior written consent is a necessary condition precedent to the sale, assignment, delegation,
transfer, conveyance, gift, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance, or hypothecation (collectively, the “Transfer”)
of any direct, indirect, or beneficial interest of (a) you; (b) this Agreement; or (b) your rights and obligations
under this Agreement. As a condition to our consent to a Transfer, we may require that (a) the proposed
Transfer under this Agreement is made in conjunction with a simultaneous transfer of any or all comparable
interests held by the transferor under all the Franchise Agreements executed pursuant to this Agreement as
we determine appropriate; (b) you pay to us the transfer fee for all Restaurants to be transferred; (c) you
comply with the right of first refusal under each applicable Franchise Agreement; and (d) you have satisfied
any and all of the conditions and requirements for transfers set forth in each Franchise Agreement, as
applicable, that we deem applicable to a proposed Transfer under this Agreement. Any change in your
ownership structure as set forth in Exhibit B shall be deemed a Transfer subject to this Section 8.

8.3

Consent to Transfer. Our consent to a transfer does not constitute a waiver of any claims we may have
against the transferring party arising prior to the Transfer, nor will it be deemed a waiver of our right to
demand exact compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement by the transferor with respect to any
claims prior to the Transfer or transferee thereafter.

9

COVENANTS

9.1

Best Efforts. Developer covenants that during the term of this Agreement, except as otherwise approved in
writing by us, you (and your Director of Operations and District Managers) must devote full time and best
efforts to the management and operation of the business contemplated hereunder.

9.2

Confidentiality. For each breach of the confidentiality provisions set forth in any Franchise Agreement
between you and us (or your and our respective Affiliates), you will pay to us the greater of: (a) our actual
damages; or (b) $20,000. Each unauthorized disclosure of confidential information shall be considered a
unique breach for the purposes of this Section. The parties agree that these damages are a reasonable
estimate of the actual damages that we might incur as a result of a breach of your confidentiality obligations,
is not intended to be, nor is, a penalty. Nothing in this Section 9.5 is intended to limit our rights under
Section 9.8.

6

