Item 7
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
If your restaurant will be located within a Walmart store, your initial investment may vary from the chart above,
depending on the equipment you have to buy or changes you must make in construction improvements. Also, you are
required to offer additional snack menu items not typically offered in Subway® restaurants and participate in snack
programs which offer an expanded menu of snack items. As a result, you may have additional investment costs.
If you will be constructing a new restaurant or relocating your restaurant within another Walmart location, you must pay a
Leasehold Improvement Charge ranging from $48,000 to $65,000 in addition to any necessary construction improvements.
The Leasehold Improvement Charge will be waived only if you are expanding a restaurant constructed within a Walmart
store. If you are constructing, relocating, or expanding your restaurant, you will also be required to pay a fee of $4,500 for
required architectural sealed plans for mechanical, electric and plumbing drafted by an architect designated by Walmart. In
the future, Walmart may require you to use additional equipment or make other changes to your restaurant, such as install
a fire alarm system, and you may incur additional costs. We estimate that the installation of a fire alarm system may range
from $1,000 to $3,500, but actual costs may vary and may be higher or lower than these estimates.
If your restaurant will be located within a Walmart store, you must sign a Sub-Sublease for the premises with SRL. You
will not be required to pay a security deposit. However, you will be required to pay TTTSM an advance payment and
placement fee of $1,500.
If your restaurant will be located in a new Walmart store, participation in the Walmart store grand opening event is not
required, but is strongly encouraged; however, your restaurant must be open for business on the Walmart store grand opening
day. You will be required to hold a separate grand opening sale for your restaurant at a later date.
Apart from: (1) entering into the master lease and subleasing the restaurant premises to you; (2) loans in connection with a
Subway® restaurant; and (3) SRL entering into a Master Sublease for restaurants to be located within Walmart stores and
sub-subletting the premises within a particular Walmart store to you, we and our affiliates do not offer assistance or
financing to you directly or indirectly. The above costs are not refundable except the location security deposit (depending
upon the terms of the master lease), and utility deposits (depending on the terms set by each local utility), as long as you
are in compliance.
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
If you will be constructing a new restaurant or expanding an existing restaurant located within a Walmart store, you are
required to have architectural plans sealed for mechanical, electrical and plumbing drafted by an architect designated by
Walmart.
SRL has entered into a Master Sublease Agreement with TTTSM to sublease space for the operation of Subway® restaurants
within Walmart stores. Pursuant to the Master Sublease, a Sublease will be executed between TTTSM and SRL for each
restaurant premises within a Walmart store that is specifically incorporated into the Master Sublease. If your restaurant
will be located within a Walmart store, you will enter into a Sub-Sublease with SRL for the premises. The Sub-Sublease
provides for a pass-through of the costs and obligations of the Master Sublease to you. We and SRL do not receive a profit
under your Sub-Sublease. SRL may assess late payment fees and other costs arising from the administration of the Master
Sublease, and has the same rights as TTTSM on default to charge you for certain fees, to carry out repairs, and to recover
costs. We and SRL have an interest in compensation that may often include, but is not limited to, lost royalties, loss of
market penetration, extended down time and other factors associated with the termination of the Master Sublease and/or the
Sublease. We estimate the required sub-subleasing represents 4% to 11% of your total purchases for the establishment of
your restaurant and 7% to 15% of your overall purchases in operating your restaurant. We and SRL had no sub-subleasing
revenue in 2018.
Add the following item to the list of items you will buy infrequently and for which we have only one approved supplier:
Exterior 22’’ LED channel letter Sign for Walmart locations. The interior sign must be the largest allowable that will fit
without extending beyond the opening of the restaurant. If electricity is available in the soffit, you must use a LED sign.
4

