Equipment is the separate personal property of HTF even if physically attached to other real or
personal property. Customer will keep the Equipment free of all liens and encumbrances other
than this Agreement and those created by HTF or its assigns. Customer agrees promptly, at
Customer’s expense, to deliver such documents and make such reasonable assurances, and
take such reasonable further action as HTF may reasonably request, in order to effectively carry
out the intent and purpose of this Agreement.
15. Assignment. HTF may, with or without notifying Customer, and without relieving HTF of any
of HTF’s obligations hereunder, in whole or in part transfer or assign this Agreement or any
Equipment, including as collateral for any obligation of HTF owing to such assignee. However,
provided no Default has occurred, Customer will not be required to pay HTF’s assignee any
amounts under this Agreement unless Customer is provided with written notice that payments
should be made to such assignee (and if so instructed, Customer agrees to make payments due
hereunder directly to HTF’s assignee, as indicated in such notice). Customer agrees any
assignments or transfers by HTF will not materially change Customer’s obligations
hereunder. Customer may not in whole or in part transfer or assign this Agreement or the
Equipment or sublease the Equipment to any other person without HTF’s prior written
consent, not to be unreasonably withheld. However, with at least 30 days’ prior notice to HTF
and provided no Default exists under this Agreement, Customer may assign this Agreement and
the Equipment to another DAL franchisee in the United States (“Replacement Franchisee”) if (a)
DAL approves in writing the Replacement Franchisee as a franchisee in good standing ; (b) HTF
and its assignee agree in writing that the Replacement Franchisee can meet HTF’s and its
assignee’s then current underwriting requirements and satisfies HTF’s and its assignee’s then
applicable policies for the “on-boarding” of customers, including as to all matters relating to the
USA Patriot Act, OFAC, “know-your-customer,” and restrictions on establishing relationships with
customers engaged in certain types of businesses (HTF shall determine whether the conditions
of this subsection (b) are met promptly after it receives all documents, assurances, certifications,
and financial or other information it may request), and (c) Customer’s assignee assumes this
Agreement in a writing reasonably satisfactory to HTF, executed by persons for whom HTF has
received satisfactory evidence of the names, titles, signatures, and authority. No assignment other
than one satisfying the conditions of subsections (a), (b) and (c) above will condition, limit, or
affect Customer’s obligations under this Agreement. Upon the effective date of an assignment
satisfying the conditions of subsections (a), (b) and (c) above, Customer will be relieved of (and

Customer’s assignee shall become liable for) all of Customer obligations under this Agreement
arising (or fairly attributable to events or occurring or conditions existing) after the assignment. If
a requested approval is not given to an assignment under this section or HTF does not determine
that the conditions under subsection (b) above is met, Customer may terminate this Agreement
by paying the Liquidated Damages under Section 10 above. Subject to the foregoing, this
Agreement binds and benefits the parties’ successors and assigns.
16. Interpretation. Michigan law governs this Agreement without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts of law. The parties irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the federal
and state courts in Michigan. If permitted by law, both parties both waive jury trial. The terms
of this Agreement may differ from other similar agreements between the parties. Time is of the
essence. A provision of this Agreement that is or becomes invalid does not affect the remainder
of that provision or this Agreement. Terms of inclusion are without limitation. The provisions of
this Agreement that would ordinarily be considered to survive termination will survive its
termination, and the expiration of the Term or Possession Period, and any return or sale of the
Equipment, including the provisions hereof relating to indemnity, defense, holding harmless, and
reimbursement for Taxes and Claims. “FMV” and “fair market value” both mean HTF’s
reasonable determination of the Equipment’s retail in-place sale value assuming that it is in the
location and condition required under this Agreement, with all software, services, and
consumables necessary for its use being readily available in the market.
17. Miscellaneous. This Agreement is executable in counterparts. Any facsimile, photocopy, or
other electronic transmission or electronic signing of this Agreement by Customer when attached
to HTF’s original manual signature counterpart and/or in its possession shall constitute the single,
true original chattel paper as defined in the UCC for all purposes and will be admissible as legal
evidence thereof. Amendments to this Agreement are effective only if in writing and signed by
both parties. A party’s waiver or failure to require strict observance of this Agreement will not
constitute a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement or
any Other Agreement. Notices must be given in writing and directed to a party at its address
shown herein (or to another address specified by that party by notice). Demands for payment may
be given in any reasonable manner, including by invoice or other writing directed to Customer’s
billing or notice address. HTF may obtain credit reports from or make inquiries and reports to
credit bureaus or other sources as it determines appropriate.

Page 3 of 3

Customer has reviewed this page. Customer initials _______________

