be referred to herein as the “Rent”. In the event of non-payment of Rent in any form, Sublandlord
shall have all rights and remedies provided herein and under law.

4

3.3

Method of Payment. Subtenant must make all payments to Sublandlord or its designee (which
may be Master Landlord) by the method or methods that Sublandlord requires from time to time.
Subtenant shall make any payment required under this Sublease directly to Sublandlord, its
designee (which may be Master Landlord), its affiliate(s), or to a bank or such other financial
institution account that Sublandlord specifies, at the times and with the frequency that
Sublandlord designates (or as provided in the Master Lease if Sublandlord makes no such
designation), by electronic funds transfer, on-line banking, pre-authorized auto-draft
arrangement, or such other means as Sublandlord may specify from time to time. For each
account in which Subtenant conducts business at any time during the Term, Subtenant agrees to
execute an ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization and to keep it effective throughout the
Term; and Subtenant authorizes Sublandlord to withdraw monies from each such account in the
amounts and at the times provided in this Sublease and any other agreement between Subtenant
and Sublandlord or its affiliate(s). Subtenant hereby indemnifies Sublandlord and holds
Sublandlord harmless under each ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization. Subtenant
consents to Sublandlord’s directly transacting business with each bank and financial institution
with which Subtenant has an account to effectuate fully the terms of each ACH Automatic
Withdrawal Authorization. Subtenant shall furnish Sublandlord, its bank, or other financial
institution, and any other recipient of payment with such information and authorizations as may
be necessary to permit such persons to make withdrawals by electronic funds transfer, on-line
banking, or auto-draft arrangement. Subtenant shall bear all expenses, if any, and pay
Sublandlord its third-party costs associated with such authorizations and payments.

3.4

Security Deposit. Sublandlord acknowledges receipt from Subtenant of the Security Deposit
amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublease, which has or shall be
paid to Master Landlord as the security deposit referred to in the Master Lease. In accordance
with the terms of the Master Lease, Subtenant shall be entitled to the rights of Sublandlord to the
security deposit, except that any portion thereof that is returned to Sublandlord by Master
Landlord may first be applied to any amounts that Subtenant owes to Sublandlord or its affiliate
under this Sublease or any other agreement.

3.5

Other Pre-Opening Costs. Sublandlord acknowledges receipt from Subtenant of the Other PreOpening Costs Deposit amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublease,
which shall be held in a non-interest bearing escrow account and shall be returned to Subtenant,
without interest, upon the opening of this location for business.

3.6

Late Charges. All Rent and any other charges shall be paid to Sublandlord without notice or
demand and without abatement, deduction or set-off, except as otherwise expressly provided in
this Sublease. All payments not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser of eighteen percent
(18%) or the maximum rate allowed by law in the state where the Premises are located.

INSURANCE
4.1

Coverage. During the Term, Subtenant, at its own cost and expense, shall:
4.1.1

Keep the Premises and the fixtures and personal property on it insured with an all-risk
property insurance policy in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of replacement
(without deduction for depreciation). Replacement cost shall be determined by one of
4

04/25 amended 12/25

