l.

Franchisor approval
of transfer by
franchisee

FA and MUFA Section We have the right to approve all transfers. We will not
18.B
unreasonably withhold our consent to a transfer.
DA Section 8.2

m.

Conditions for
franchisor approval
of transfer

FA Section 18.C

You first offer to sell your restaurant to us, we fail to accept the
offer, buyer qualifies, you pay transfer fee, the purchase
agreement meets our standards and requirements, buyer
successfully completes training before the completion of the
sale (unless we permit otherwise), buyer is disclosed, signs
current agreement and signs current Sublease or Sublicense,
you pay all money due in full for all your restaurants, you are
not in default, you and the new franchisee sign a general release
(sample copy of release you will sign attached as Exhibit O),
you transfer the Operations Manual for your restaurant to the
new franchisee on the date of transfer, you bring the restaurant
into full compliance with the Operations Manual at or prior to
transfer, and you and the transferee execute a Transfer
Addendum in a form substantially similar to Exhibit G-2.

DA Section 8.2

We may require that (a) the proposed Transfer under the DA is
made in conjunction with a simultaneous transfer of any or all
comparable interests held by you under all the Franchise
Agreements executed pursuant to the DA as we determine
appropriate; (b) you pay to us the transfer fee for all
Restaurants to be transferred; (c) you comply with the right of
first refusal under each applicable Franchise Agreement; and
(d) you have satisfied any and all of the conditions and
requirements for transfers set forth in each Franchise
Agreement, as applicable, that we deem applicable to a
proposed Transfer under the DA.
You can only transfer a satellite restaurant and its Franchise
Agreement together with the Base Restaurant and its Franchise
Agreement to the same buyer, except in isolated circumstances
where there is a good business reason to allow transfer of only
the satellite restaurant and its Franchise Agreement, as
determined by us.

FAR Part IV

CBLR Section D

n.

Franchisor’s right of FA and MUFA Section
first refusal to
18.D
purchase franchisee’s
business

You cannot transfer a restaurant and our Franchise Agreement
separately from your business licensed by the third party
franchisor and your Franchise Agreement with the third party.

We can match any offer for your business within 30 days of
your written offer to us. We will assign to a franchisee with
limited exclusivity rights to a territory the first opportunity to
exercise our option. If we and any franchisee with limited
exclusivity rights do not accept, you can sell to a third party,
subject to our transfer requirements, but you cannot sell at a
lower price or on better terms than what you offered to us.

FAR Part IV

The option to repurchase applies to the Base Restaurant and
any satellite restaurant together. See m. above.

CBLR Section D

The right of first refusal applies to the restaurant and the third
party franchisor’s concept. See m. above.
84

