5. No term, condition or provision of this Guarantee shall be deemed to be waived by SubSublandlord, without the express written consent of Sub-Sublandlord. Any such waiver will extend
only to the particular circumstances specified in writing by the Sub-Sublandlord. Neither
forbearance, nor indulgence by Sub-Sublandlord will constitute a waiver of any provision of this
Guarantee.
6. Each Guarantor acknowledges that the Sub-Sublease may be extended, amended or renewed by
mutual agreement between Sub-Subtenant and Sub-Sublandlord, and each Guarantor expressly
consents to any such modification of the Sub-Sublease.
7. This is a continuing guarantee. Nothing but payment and satisfaction in full of the Obligations will
release Guarantors from their respective obligations pursuant to this Guarantee. Notice of
acceptance of this Guarantee is waived.
8. This Guarantee shall not be impaired by any modification, supplement, renewal, extension or
amendment of the Sub-Sublease or any of the Obligations, nor by any modification, release or other
alteration of any of the Obligations hereby guaranteed.
9. The liability of each Guarantor hereunder is primary, direct and unconditional and may be enforced
without requiring Sub-Sublandlord first to resort to any other right, remedy or security.
10. No Guarantor hereunder shall have any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnity
whatsoever, unless and until the Obligations are paid or performed in full.
11. If any Guarantor hereunder should at any time die, become incapacitated, become insolvent or
make a composition, trust mortgage or general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if a
proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law affecting the rights of
creditors generally shall be filed or commenced by, against or in respect of any guarantor hereunder,
any and all obligation of that guarantor shall, at Sub-Sublandlord's option, immediately become
due and payable without notice.
12. If any payment or transfer to Sub-Sublandlord which has been credited against any Obligation, is
voided or rescinded or required to be returned by Sub-Sublandlord, whether or not in connection
with any event or proceeding described in Section 11, the Guarantee shall continue in effect or be
reinstated as though such payment, transfer or recovery had not been made.
13. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Guarantee shall be construed as an absolute,
unconditional, continuing and unlimited obligation of each Guarantor hereunder without regard to
the regularity, validity or enforceability of any of the Obligations, and without regard to whether
any Obligation is limited, modified, voided, released or discharged in any proceeding under the
United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law affecting the rights of creditors generally.
14. Any termination of the Guarantee shall be applicable only to Obligations accruing after termination
or having their inception after the effective date of such termination and shall not affect Obligations
having their inception prior to such date.
15. The death or incapacity of any Guarantor hereunder shall not result in the termination of the
Guarantee.
16. Any and all present and future debts and obligations of Sub-Subtenant to any Guarantor hereunder
are hereby waived and postponed in favor of and subordinated to the full payment and performance
of the Obligations.

