4.3

Adjusting; Proceeds. Claims for loss due to damage to the Premises under any policies provided
for in this Subconcession Agreement shall be adjusted with the insurance companies:
4.3.1

by Subconcessionaire in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or
destruction not exceeding $10,000, or

4.3.2

by Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire, in the case of any particular casualty
resulting in damage or destruction exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the
rights of Master Concessionor and any mortgagee, the proceeds of any insurance shall
be payable as follows:
4.3.2.1

With respect to any loss not exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, proceeds shall
be paid to Subconcessionaire, who shall hold them in trust for the purpose of
paying the costs of repair and restoration; and

4.3.2.2

With respect to losses exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, the proceeds may,
at Subconcessionor’s option, be paid to Subconcessionor or its designee and
shall be applied to pay the costs of repair and restoration as directed by
Subconcessionor.

4.4

Joint Efforts. Subconcessionaire and Subconcessionor shall cooperate in attempts to collect any
insurance proceeds that may be due in the event of loss, and Subconcessionaire shall execute and
deliver to Subconcessionor such proofs of loss and other instruments which may be required for
the purpose of recovering these proceeds.

4.5

Waiver of Subrogation. Subconcessionaire agrees to look solely to the proceeds of its own
insurer for indemnity against exposure for loss of property or business interruption.
Subconcessionaire warrants that its property and business interruption insurers shall have no
rights against Subconcessionor by virtue of assignment, subrogation, loan agreement or
otherwise.

4.6

Cancellation of Insurance. If any insurance policy covering the Premises or any part of it is
canceled or is threatened by the insurer to be canceled, or if the coverage thereunder is reduced
in any way by the insurer for any reason, and if Subconcessionaire fails to remedy the condition
giving rise to cancellation, threatened cancellation, or reduction of coverage within five (5)
business days after notice thereof by Subconcessionor, Subconcessionor may, at its option, either
(i) reenter the Premises forthwith by leaving upon the Premises a notice in writing of its intention
to do so or (ii) enter the Premises and remedy the condition giving rise to such cancellation,
threatened cancellation or reduction, and Subconcessionaire shall forthwith pay the cost thereof
to Subconcessionor (which cost may be collected by Subconcessionor as Additional Concession
Fees) and Subconcessionor shall not be liable for any damage or injury caused to any property
of Subconcessionaire or of others located on the Premises as a result of any such entry, unless
resulting from its own sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission.

4.7

Loss and Damage. Subconcessionor shall not be liable for any death or injury occurring on the
Premises, nor for the loss of or damage to any of the personal property or other property of
Subconcessionaire or of others by theft or otherwise, unless resulting from its own sole gross
negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Subconcessionor shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property
resulting from fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, dampness, gas, electricity, water, rain, snow,
or leaks from any part of the Premises or from the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from
the roof, street or subsurface or from any other place by any other cause whatsoever, unless
resulting from its own sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission.
Subconcessionor shall not be liable for any such damage caused by other persons or occupants
of adjacent property, or the public, or caused by operations in construction of any private, public
6

