G.
You specifically acknowledge that, pursuant to this Agreement, you will receive valuable
training and confidential information, including, without limitation, information regarding our promotional,
operational, sales, and marketing methods and techniques and those of the System. You covenant that you
will maintain the absolute confidentiality of all such proprietary information during and after the Term and
that you will not use any such information in any other business or in any manner not specifically authorized
or approved in writing by us.
H.
Unless we approve such an arrangement in advance and in writing, you agree that you will
not enter into any agreement with any other entity, or with any individual who is not an approved owner of
you or named as a franchisee in this Agreement, for such other entity or individual to manage or operate
the Restaurant or receive the right to profits and losses of the Restaurant.
I.
Throughout the Term, you will promptly and in writing disclose to us information
regarding all individuals who (i) contribute or loan money toward the purchase or operation of the
Restaurant; (ii) have any direct or indirect ownership interest in any assets of the Restaurant; or (iii) are a
co-borrower, co-signer or guarantor of a loan (the “Investors”). You will promptly provide us with
documentation related to any such Investors, including but not limited to promissory notes, loan
agreements, shareholders agreements, management agreements, financial statements, articles or certificates
of incorporation or organization, or other entity establishment documents, tax forms, or any other
instruments which document the investment.
20.

Relationship of the Parties/Indemnification.

A.
It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this Agreement does not create a
fiduciary relationship between them, that the parties are independent contractors and that nothing in this
Agreement is intended to make either party an agent, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee or servant
of the other for any purpose.
B.
You shall conspicuously identify yourself at the Premises and in all dealings with
franchisees, prospective franchisees, landlords, contractors, suppliers, public officials and others as the
owner of your own business under a franchise agreement with us, and you shall place such other notices of
independent ownership on such signs, forms, stationery, advertising and other materials, and in such places
and in such form, as we may require from time to time.
C.
You shall not employ any Mark in signing any contract, lease, mortgage, check, purchase
agreement, negotiable instrument or other legal obligation, or in any other manner, without our prior written
consent, or employ any Mark in a manner that is likely to result in our liability for any indebtedness or
obligation of you.
D.
Neither we nor you shall make any express or implied agreements, guaranties or
representations, or incur any debt, in the name of or on behalf of the other or represent that their relationship
is other than franchisor and franchisee, and neither we nor you shall be obligated by or have any liability
under any agreements or representations made by the other that are not expressly authorized hereunder, nor
shall we be obligated for any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the
operation of the business, whether or not caused by your negligent or willful action or failure to act.
E.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all decisions relating to
employees, agents, and independent contractors that you may hire to assist in the operation of the
Restaurant. You agree that any employee, agent or independent contractor that you hire will be your
employee, agent or independent contractor, and not our employee, agent or independent contractor. You
also agree that you are exclusively responsible for the terms and conditions of employment of your
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

27

