Designated Manager and your Manager of Cafeteria Services and the manager of the restaurant (if a different person)
(in each case, the “Manager”), must successfully complete a training program before opening the restaurant. If the
Manager is dismissed from the training program, you must appoint an individual to assume the position of the Manager
to successfully complete the training program within 30 days after we give you notice. If you replace the Manager of
the restaurant, the new manager must successfully complete the training program before assuming the position of
manager, or at least within 30 days after the new manager replaces the prior Manager. We or a local Field Operations
team member may conduct the training program locally. Training will be at a location or at locations selected by the
person providing the training, which may include the city in which your restaurant will be located, or other Subway®
restaurants, and may include web-based courses.
We do not charge a fee for the first two persons attending the Training Program prior to the transfer of ownership.
However, we charge a cancellation fee if you fail to participate in your scheduled training or if you cancel your
registration with less than 10 business days’ notice. For additional persons attending the Training Program, the training
fee is $7,500 per person. You are responsible for all of your personal expenses, and the personal expenses of your
Designated Manager, Director, Manager and/or designee (as applicable), including lodging, meals and costs and
transportation to and from the in-person and “on-the-job” training sites where you will train.
Your restaurant employees will be required to complete in the restaurant, the Sandwich Artistry (North America) course
and/or certain other training courses we designate from time to time. You will be responsible for all costs incurred in
connection with this requirement.
As part of the Training Program and after you purchase your franchise, we may require you to work at an existing
restaurant for a minimum of 60 hours. You will be responsible for all personal expenses. Upon completion of this work,
you may be required to successfully complete a test or a course on the University of Subway®, or some other assessment,
as we direct. Your Business Developer or Subway Market Operations team will schedule your training shifts in an
approved training restaurant. You must also complete and pass our web based training courses in order to progress in
the Training Program, including, but not limited to: the Sandwich Artistry (North America) Curricula located in the
University of Subway® section of our Subway® intranet website, which will account for 3 hours of training; brand
training, which will account for 4 hours of training; and Global Anti-Bribery training, which will account for 1 hour of
training.
You or your Designated Manager may be required to pass all our assessments, business plan reviews, and other
assignments during the training program, unless you are otherwise exempt. If you or your Designated Manager fails to
fulfill these requirements, you or he/she will have the option to be reassessed, and, with respect to your Designated
Manager, you may be required to send a replacement within 30 days. If you or he/she fail the reassessment or opt not to
complete it, we may dismiss you from the Training Program, cancel your Franchise Agreement and refund one-half of
your franchise fee.
In order to successfully complete the Training Program, you or your Designated Manager must have: (i) 100%
participation in all components; (ii) an 80% final grade on all pre-requisite web-based training courses and the inrestaurant component of the course; and (iii) an 80% average on all assessments. You or your Designated Manager will
be required to retake and successfully complete the Training Program if you or your Designated Manager fail to complete
the program to our satisfaction. We will not reimburse you for any incurred expenses, including travel expenses.
Those attending training will be provided with a copy of the Code of Business Conduct (the “CBC”), which trainees
must sign. The CBC requires that all staff, students and guests act in a professional manner at all times during the
Training Program. Training attendees must adhere to the CBC while on our property, in training restaurants, at area
hotels and while attending any of our functions, dinners and social gatherings which might be considered a Subway®
sponsored event. We may dismiss you from the Training Program and terminate your Franchise Agreement if you fail
to act in accordance with the CBC. Your franchise fee will not be refunded under these circumstances. We may dismiss
your Designated Manager, Director of Food Services or Manager of Cafeteria Services (as applicable) from the Training
Program for failure to act in accordance with the CBC. In such an event, you will be required to appoint an individual
to assume the position and satisfy our training requirements within 30 days after we give you notice. You or the
Designated Manager that attends training must sign a confidentiality agreement.
71

