We may deal with the Designated Manager on the day-to-day operations of, and reporting requirements for the
restaurant. You must hire all personnel for your restaurant and are solely responsible for the terms of their work, training,
compensation, management, and oversight.
Your Designated Manager’s day-to-day tasks could include supervising employees, checking inventories, reviewing
sales and food costs, bookkeeping, and making reasonable efforts to ensure smooth and efficient operations. You must
keep your restaurant open within the hours specified in the Operations Manual, subject to local regulations, unless we
approve different hours in writing. If you operate a satellite restaurant, you may have more limited hours of operation.
We and you will agree to the hours and restaurant operation plan for a satellite location.
Even if you choose to employ a Designated Manager to supervise your restaurant, we strongly recommend you
personally devote a substantial amount of time to the franchised business.
You agree not to, and you agreed to cause your Designated Manager not to, disclose our confidential or proprietary
information during or after the term of the Franchise Agreement. You also agree, and your owners, if any, must agree,
not to have any direct or indirect association with a Competitive Business, as defined in the Franchise Agreement, during
the term of the Franchise Agreement and for 1 year after termination, expiration or transfer of the Franchise Agreement
within a three mile radius of where a Subway® restaurant operates or operated within the prior year. The reference to a
geographic area does not give you any territorial or other exclusive rights. Your principal owners must sign a personal
guaranty, guaranteeing all obligations you owe to us. The Designated Manager is not required to sign this personal
guaranty unless the Designated Manager is also your principal owner.
Item 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
You must operate the restaurant in strict compliance with all required methods, procedures, policies, standards and
specifications of the Subway® system in the Operations Manual and in other writings we issue. You must use the
restaurant premises only for the operation of a Subway® restaurant and you may not operate any other business at or
from the location without our prior written consent. You must offer and sell only those goods and services we have
approved. If your restaurant is in a non-traditional location like a convenience store or a school lunch location, the
Franchise Agreement Rider will clarify your Franchise Agreement to reflect that you sell other items.
You must offer all goods and services we designate as required for all franchisees. The Operations Manual states you
must at a minimum offer the basic Subway® menu. We must approve additional menu items. If you operate a school
lunch location, your menu will probably be more limited, as we and you will agree, and you may have to modify the
food items you offer and buy food products specially approved for the school lunch program to satisfy nutritional
requirements. We may authorize tests of new products or methods at company- or affiliate-owned or franchised
restaurants. Based upon the results of these tests, we may make changes in our menu. We reserve the right to designate
additional required or optional goods and services in the future and to withdraw any of our previous approvals. There
are no limits on our right to do so. You must comply with our new requirements. If you establish a third-party
franchisor’s concept, you will sign the Co-Brand Location Rider (Exhibit A-9). We may modify or stop any co-branding
opportunities at any time. If both of us approve of your co-brand location, you will operate the other concept as a direct
franchisee of the other franchisor. You will receive a Disclosure Document from the other franchisor and enter into a
direct franchise agreement with the other franchisor. You will sign a license or sublicense with the third party allowing
you to offer a third party’s branded products. You may have to sign a test agreement to offer our additional menu items
that are under test. We do not have to permit all franchisees to offer the additional menu items that are under test. We
also designate some goods and services as optional programs for qualified franchisees. Current optional programs
include catering call center and local menu items. To offer optional goods or services, you must be in compliance with
your Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manual and meet any additional requirements we may have for the
program, including state or local licenses, training, marketing, and insurance. The Operations Manual and other written
or electronic materials we distribute contain written lists and requirements for optional programs.
We adopted the Marketwide Option Program (MOP), and Store Option Program (SOP) to promote consistency of items
offered for sale, including methods of preparation and presentation, throughout an advertising fund market or region.
You will make the decision for your restaurant on certain options categorized as SOP items. You will have to follow the
78

