3.2

Additional Charges. Subconcessionaire and Subconcessionor agree that the concession fees
accruing under this Subconcession Agreement shall be net to Subconcessionor and that all taxes,
costs, common area maintenance fees, expenses and charges of every kind and nature (the
“Additional Charges”) relating to the Premises or payable under the Master Concession
Agreement that may arise or become due during the Term or any extension of this Subconcession
Agreement, shall be paid by Subconcessionaire to Subconcessionor or its designee (which may
be Master Concessionor), and that Subconcessionaire shall indemnify and save harmless
Subconcessionor from and against them. All Additional Charges that Subconcessionaire assumes
or agrees to pay under any provisions of this Subconcession Agreement, together with all interest
and penalties that may accrue on these Additional Charges in the event Subconcessionaire fails
to pay them, as well as all other damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal and court costs that Subconcessionor may incur in
enforcing this Subconcession Agreement, and any and all other sums that may become due by
reason of Subconcessionaire’s default or failure to comply with its obligations under this
Subconcession Agreement, shall be deemed to be “Additional Concession Fees”. The Base
Concession Fees and Additional Concession Fees shall collectively be referred to herein as the
“Concession Fees”. In the event of non-payment of Concession Fees in any form,
Subconcessionor shall have all rights and remedies provided herein and under law.

3.3

Method of Payment. Subconcessionaire must make all payments to Subconcessionor or its
designee (which may be Master Concessionor) by the method or methods that Subconcessionor
requires from time to time. Subconcessionaire shall make any payment required under this
Subconcession Agreement directly to Subconcessionor, its designee (which may be Master
Concessionor), its affiliate(s), or to a bank or such other financial institution account that
Subconcessionor specifies, at the times and with the frequency that Subconcessionor designates
(or as provided in the Master Concession Agreement if Subconcessionor makes no such
designation), by electronic funds transfer, on-line banking, pre-authorized auto-draft
arrangement, or such other means as Subconcessionor may specify from time to time. For each
account in which Subconcessionaire conducts business at any time during the Term,
Subconcessionaire agrees to execute an ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization and to keep
it effective throughout the Term; and Subconcessionaire authorizes Subconcessionor to withdraw
monies from each such account in the amounts and at the times provided in this Subconcession
Agreement and any other agreement between Subconcessionaire and Subconcessionor or its
affiliate(s). Subconcessionaire hereby indemnifies Subconcessionor and holds Subconcessionor
harmless under each ACH Automatic Withdrawal Authorization. Subconcessionaire consents to
Subconcessionor’s directly transacting business with each bank and financial institution with
which Subconcessionaire has an account to effectuate fully the terms of each ACH Automatic
Withdrawal Authorization. Subconcessionaire shall furnish Subconcessionor, its bank, or other
financial institution, and any other recipient of payment with such information and authorizations
as may be necessary to permit such persons to make withdrawals by electronic funds transfer,
on-line banking, or auto-draft arrangement. Subconcessionaire shall bear all expenses, if any, and
pay Subconcessionor its third-party costs associated with such authorizations and payments.

3.4

Security Deposit. Subconcessionor acknowledges receipt from Subconcessionaire of the
Security Deposit amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Subconcession
Agreement, which has or shall be paid to Master Concessionor as the security deposit referred to
in the Master Concession Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the Master Concession
Agreement, Subconcessionaire shall be entitled to the rights of Subconcessionor to the security
deposit, except that any portion thereof that is returned to Subconcessionor by Master
Concessionor may first be applied to any amounts that Subconcessionaire owes to
Subconcessionor or its affiliate under this Subconcession Agreement or any other agreement.

4

