consumption, or via delivery or catering. The word “sandwiches” as used in the previous sentence
does not include hamburgers, hot dogs, burritos, or fried chicken sandwiches, and full-service
restaurants where customers are served by waitstaff and pay after eating, and Subway® Restaurants
operated under franchise agreements with us, are not Competitive Businesses. Examples (without
limitation) of Competitive Businesses as of the Agreement Date are the following chain restaurants:
D’Angelo Grilled Sandwiches, Jersey Mike’s Subs, Jimmy John’s, Firehouse Subs, Potbelly,
Togo’s, Which Wich Superior Sandwiches, Charley’s Philly Steaks, Penn Station East Coast Subs,
McAlister’s Deli, Pita Pit, Schlotzky’s, Cousin’s Subs, Capriotti’s, Quiznos, Jon Smith Subs, Erbert
& Gerbert’s, Lenny’s Grill & Subs, PrimoHoagies, Tubby’s Sub Shop, Blimpie’s, Super Sandwich,
Nardelli’s, DiBella’s, Deli Delicious, Groucho’s Deli, CHēBA Hut, Steak Escape, Miami Grill,
Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, and Great Wraps.
2.
“Association with a Competitive Business” means: 1) having any ownership
interest in or serving as director, officer, employee or other representative of a Competitive
Business; 2) advising or providing services, on a fee or no fee basis, to any individual or entity
engaging in a Competitive Business in a manner which imparts your knowledge of the System; 3)
loaning or otherwise providing money, inventory, equipment or supplies to any individual or entity
operating a Competitive Business; or 4) leasing, licensing or otherwise granting access to, or the
right to use, the property you control to anyone for the operation of a Competitive Business.
Association with a Competitive Business does not include your ownership of outstanding securities
of any corporation whose securities are publicly held and traded, provided that said securities are
held by you for investment purposes only and that your total holdings do not constitute more than
two percent (2%) of the outstanding securities of said corporation.
F.
We shall have the right to require all of your personnel performing managerial or
supervisory functions, all personnel receiving special training from us and all other personnel with access
to confidential information to execute a non-disclosure agreement in a form satisfactory to us.
G.
You specifically acknowledge that, pursuant to this Agreement, you will receive valuable
training and confidential information, including, without limitation, information regarding our promotional,
operational, sales, and marketing methods and techniques and those of the System. You covenant that you
will maintain the absolute confidentiality of all such proprietary information during and after the Term and
that you will not use any such information in any other business or in any manner not specifically authorized
or approved in writing by us.
H.
Unless we approve such an arrangement in advance and in writing, you agree that you will
not enter into any agreement with any other entity, or with any individual who is not an approved owner of
you or named as a franchisee in this Agreement, for such other entity or individual to manage or operate
the Restaurant or receive the right to profits and losses of the Restaurant.
I.
Throughout the Term, you will promptly and in writing disclose to us information
regarding all individuals who (i) contribute or loan money toward the purchase or operation of the
Restaurant; (ii) have any direct or indirect ownership interest in any assets of the Restaurant; or (iii) are a
co-borrower, co-signer or guarantor of a loan (the “Investors”). You will promptly provide us with
documentation related to any such Investors, including but not limited to promissory notes, loan
agreements, shareholders agreements, management agreements, financial statements, articles or certificates
of incorporation or organization, or other entity establishment documents, tax forms, or any other
instruments which document the investment.
20.

Relationship of the Parties/Indemnification.

A.
It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this Agreement does not create a
fiduciary relationship between them, that the parties are independent contractors and that nothing in this

