5

TERM

This Agreement terminates in its entirety on the earlier of: (a) the date that the last Restaurant to be opened,
closed or relocated under the Development Schedule is opened, closed or relocated, as applicable; (b) termination
due to your breach of this Agreement or any of your Franchise Agreements; or (c) the five (5) -year anniversary of
the Agreement Date. You will have no right to renew this Agreement.
6

DUTIES OF THE PARTIES

6.1

Our Obligations. For each Subway® Restaurant developed under this Agreement, our obligations are as
provided in the Franchise Agreement signed for such Subway® Restaurant.

6.2

Your Obligations. In addition to your obligation to strictly adhere to the Development Schedule, you accept
the following obligations:
6.2.1

You must employ a director of operations (the “Director of Operations”), approved by us, to
oversee all Restaurants you operate. Within 12 months of the Agreement Date, you must employ a
district manager (a “District Manager”), approved by us, to oversee day-to-day operations of your
Restaurants. Beginning on the 2-year anniversary of the Agreement Date, you must employ at least
one (1) full-time District Manager for every 10 Restaurants you operate to oversee operations. For
the avoidance of doubt, you, and not us, will be the employer of the Director of Operations and the
District Manager, and we will not dictate the day-to-day activities of the Director of Operations or
the District Manager.

6.2.2

Notwithstanding anything in any Franchise Agreement to the contrary, we may perform quarterly
Restaurant evaluations, at our cost, to ensure compliance with our System standards, and your
development and remodel obligations.

6.2.3

You will use your best efforts to negotiate with landlords, and cooperate with us in such
negotiations, to terminate subleases among you, our affiliate Subway Real Estate, LLC, and the
applicable landlord, and to replace such subleases with direct leases between you and the applicable
landlord.

7

DEFAULT AND TERMINATION

7.1

Automatic. You will be deemed to be in default under this Agreement, and all rights granted herein will
automatically terminate without notice to you, if you become insolvent or makes a general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; or if you file a petition in bankruptcy or such a petition is filed against and not
opposed by you; or if you are adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent; or if a bill in equity or other proceeding
for the appointment of a receiver of you or other custodian of your business or assets is filed and consented
to by you; or if a receiver or other custodian (permanent or temporary) of your assets or property, or any
part thereof, is appointed by any court of competent jurisdiction; or if proceedings for a composition with
creditors under any state or federal law should be instituted by or against you; or if a final judgment remains
unsatisfied or of record for thirty (30) days or longer (unless an appeal or a supersedeas bond is filed); or if
you are dissolved; or if execution is levied against your business or property; or if suit to foreclose any lien
or mortgage against the Subway® Restaurant Site or equipment is instituted against you and not dismissed
within thirty (30) days; or if the real or personal property of your Subway® Restaurant is sold after levy
thereupon by any sheriff, marshal, or constable.

4

