ŌĆó

Share your relationship to Subway┬« and restaurant location(s) when endorsing the
Subway brand or offering promotions.
’éĘ It is a legal requirement that you disclose your relationship with Subway when
promoting or endorsing the Subway brand.
’é¦
When sharing a national post, please include something like I am a proud
owner of a Subway┬« restaurantŌĆØ.
’éĘ To avoid confusion amongst guests, distinguish between local and national
promotions in your posts if relevant.

’éĘ

Only cite agencies, partners or suppliers with their approval. If possible, link to the
source when you do make a reference.

ŌĆó

Respect your audience. Show proper consideration for othersŌĆÖ privacy and for topics that
may be considered objectionable or inflammatory, such as religion or politics, and refrain
from posting anything that could be viewed as obscene, threatening, harassing,
discriminatory or abusive.

ŌĆó

Respect intellectual property and rights of publicity. Obtain necessary licenses and/or
permissions before posting or referring to othersŌĆÖ work. This includes trademarks, work
subject to copyright and rights of publicity.

’éĘ

When in doubt, ask before you share. If you are considering content that makes you
even the slightest bit uncomfortable, donŌĆÖt share it. If you are still unsure and itŌĆÖs related
to Subway┬«, contact the BD or SMO Team.

If you experience or are aware of BD, Franchisee, manager or Sandwich ArtistŌäó misconduct on
any social media platform that violates this policy or any other Subway brand policies, please
contact the BD or SMO Team.

MEANINGFULLY SHARE AND ENGAGEWITH CONTENT
If you mention the Subway brand, products or promotions on your individual social media page,
consider:
’éĘ

Showcase your personality. Be yourself and have fun on social media. Your creativity,
energy, and unique perspective are invaluable to our brand. DonŌĆÖt shy away from sharing
that with your audience.

’éĘ

Use captivating language. We are all exceptionally passionate and proud of the products
we serve. Use descriptors and engaging language when sharing content on social media
to ensure that your audience recognizes your excitement for the Subway brand.

’éĘ

Invite your audience to join the conversation. Social media is a great place to spark
positive conversations and invite feedback from your audience. Try sharing prompts that
encourage people to talk about what they love most about our product and meal
experience.

’éĘ

Increase your visibility with brand hashtags and mentions. Tag our official brand pages
and include the below hashtags when writing your caption to increase the probability that
users will see your content in their social media feeds.
Our official US brand hashtags include:
o #EatFreshRefresh

’éĘ

NA Business Developer/Franchisee Social Media Policy
3 | Page

