1.
On or before Thursday at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time of each week (or such other day
and time as prescribed by us from time to time), you will submit to us in the format that we require
a correct statement of the Gross Sales of the Restaurant for the preceding week ending Tuesday (or
such other day as prescribed by us from time to time). Such Gross Sales statement shall be
submitted through our designated control system, using approved POS System hardware and
software, to the location we designate. Each weekly statement (or other periodic statement that we
designate) of Gross Sales shall be accompanied by the Royalty Fee and Advertising Contributions
payment based on the Gross Sales reported in the statement so submitted. You will make available
to us for reasonable inspection at reasonable times and through reasonable means determined by us
(including electronic), all original books and records (electronic and hard copy) that we may deem
necessary to ascertain the Gross Sales of the Restaurant.
2.
The term “Gross Sales” as used herein, shall mean and include the aggregate
amount of all sales of food products, beverages and other merchandise, products and services of
every kind or nature sold from, at or in connection with the Restaurant or arising out of the operation
or conduct of business by the Restaurant, less any customer refunds up to the amount of the sales
price and excluding all sales, use or service taxes collected and paid to the appropriate taxing
authority. “Gross Sales” shall include: (a) all amounts redeemed from gift certificates, gift cards
or similar media, and sales made through alternative platforms, (b) all insurance proceeds received
by you for loss of business due to a casualty or other event at the Restaurant, and (c) the fair market
value of any services or products received by you in barter or exchange for your services or
products.
3.
All amounts you owe under this Agreement or any other Franchise Agreement,
Sublease or other agreement that you have with us or any of our affiliates must be paid through
electronic funds transfer in the manner we designate, unless we specify otherwise. These amounts
include Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, interest, late fees, and any and all other charges
that you owe. Before the Restaurant opens, you will sign and deliver to us appropriate electronic
funds transfer preauthorized draft forms (or forms serving the same purpose) for the Restaurant's
checking account (the “Pre-authorized Account”). Upon our request, you agree to sign any
additional documents we require to authorize us and our affiliates to debit your Pre-authorized
Account. You hereby authorize us and our affiliates to debit your Pre-authorized Account for the
Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, amounts due for purchases by you from us or our
affiliates, and all other amounts due us or our affiliates under this Agreement, under any other
agreement with us or our affiliate, or otherwise. You agree to ensure that funds are available in the
Pre-authorized Account to cover our withdrawals. In certain circumstances, you will also authorize
us to withdraw money for fees or payments that we paid, pay or will pay to a third party, including
without limitation your landlord or licensor, on your behalf in connection with the Restaurant.
4.
If you fail to submit the weekly (or other periodic) Gross Sales statements, we have
the right to obtain the Restaurant’s Gross Sales information and data directly from your POS
System which you acknowledge and agree we have a right to access. In the event for any reason
we are unable to access the necessary information through POS System reports, we will estimate
your Royalty Fee and Advertising Contribution by using a Gross Sales figure that is equal to the
average weekly (or other periodic) Gross Sales of your Restaurant for the previous eight (8) weeks,
increasing by 10% for each 3-week period that such statements remain unsubmitted. If the amounts
that we debit from your Pre-authorized Account are less than the amounts you actually owe us
(once we have determined the Restaurant’s true and correct Gross Sales), we will debit your PreAuthorized Account for the balance on the day we specify. If the amounts that we debit from your
Pre-authorized Account are greater than the amounts you actually owe us, we will credit the excess

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

15

