21) Charles Drake and Mario Aliano, Plaintiffs v. Doctor’s Associates Inc., Defendant (Circuit Court of Cook County,
Illinois, Chancery Division, Docket No. 2017CH11351). Plaintiffs filed the class action lawsuit on August 18,
2017, alleging that Defendant violated the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Act when
Plaintiffs were charged the Cook County Sweetened Beverage Tax on unsweetened beverages purchased at
Subway® restaurants in Cook County. They further alleged that the point of sale system franchisees are required
to use is improperly programmed to apply the tax to beverages that are excluded from the tax. Plaintiffs sought an
injunction requiring the Defendant to reconfigure the point of sale system to exclude unsweetened beverages from
the additional tax, as well as damages, attorney’s fees, and costs, and any other relief the court deems just and
appropriate. Defendant has moved to remove the matter to federal court and to dismiss the action. Without an
admission of wrongdoing, on February 13, 2018 DAI paid $9,250 in settlement of all claims on behalf of itself,
its affiliates and franchisees.
22) Lisa Lee, Plaintiff v. Doctor’s Associates Inc., d/b/a Subway Restaurants, Defendant, No. 5:16-cv-00032-KKC
(USDC, Eastern District of Kentucky, Lexington Division, Filed January 28, 2016). On February 28, 2016, the
Plaintiff, Mrs. Lee, filed a claim alleging the Defendant, DAI, participated in an ongoing pattern of deceit,
franchise fraud, Deceptive Trade Practices and acts that violated the FTC Franchise Disclosure Regulations. Mrs.
Lee further asserts that DAI induced her to invest in a Development Agent Agreement and that DAI unreasonably
refused to permit the transfer of the Development Agent Agreement. Mrs. Lee sought compensatory and punitive
damages, pre and post judgment interest and attorney’s fees in an amount greater than $75,000. On February 12,
2016, DAI filed related claims in arbitration under the case caption Doctor’s Associates Inc., Claimant v. David
Lee, Respondent, No. 501-16-0000-4924 (American Arbitration Association), contending that David Lee, Mrs.
Lee’s husband and the Respondent in that arbitration, failed to disclose his wife as an investor under his
Development Agent Agreement and failed to indemnify DAI in the lawsuit filed in Kentucky by Mrs. Lee. DAI
also sought a declaratory judgment that it was within its rights to disapprove a proposed transfer of the Mr. Lee’s
Development Agent Agreement. DAI sought compensatory damages, costs, expenses, attorney’s fees, pre-award
interest, post-award interest and a declaratory judgment. On April 11, 2016, the Defendant filed a Motion to
Compel Arbitration in the United States District Court, District of Connecticut under the case captions Doctor’s
Associates Inc., v. Lisa Lee, No:3:16-CV-00571-JCH (United States District Court, District of Connecticut, Filed
April 11th, 2016) and Doctor’s Associates Inc. v. David Lee No. 3:16-cv-00571-JCH (United States District Court,
District of Connecticut, Filed April 11, 2016) (the latter being filed because Mr. Lee refused to participate in the
initial arbitration). The United States District Court for the District of Connecticut granted DAI’s Petition to
Compel Arbitration on August 16, 2016. As a result, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Kentucky dismissed its pending matter on December 16, 2016. On September 7, 2016, the Mr. Lee filed a
counterclaim with the American Arbitration Association. The unofficial counterclaim alleges breach of contract
and waiver of contractual time limitations by the DAI. A declaratory award was sought, along with compensatory
damages, interest, costs and expenses. Prior to any arbitration being filed with respect to Mrs. Lee, the parties
entered into a confidential settlement and mutual release on January 11, 2017 pursuant to which DAI paid $65,000
to David Lee and Lisa Lee. The arbitration with respect to Mr. Lee was subsequently withdrawn as a result of this
settlement.
23) Brian Burr and Brynn Burr, Plaintiffs v. Raghu Marwaha and Rohit Marwaha, Defendants (Superior Court of
California, County of Orange) (30-2016-00865345-CU-BT-CJC). On July 22, 2016, Plaintiffs filed a lawsuit,
alleging that Development Agents, Raghu Marwaha and Rohit Marwaha influenced Doctor’s Associates Inc.
(“DAI”) to disapprove the Plaintiff’s application for a franchise, so that Raghu and Rohit Marwaha could operate
their own Subway® restaurant at the location proposed by the Plaintiffs. On August 23, 2016 Plaintiffs filed the
First Amended Complaint, adding DAI to the lawsuit. DAI was subsequently dismissed from the lawsuit.
Plaintiffs claim intentional misrepresentation, intentional interference with contractual relationship, international
interference with prospective business relations, negligent interference with prospective business relations, and
unfair business practices in violation of Business and Professions Code section 17200. Plaintiffs seek general and
special damages including economic and noneconomic damages, pre and post judgment interest, special damages,
punitive damages, costs of suit incurred, and attorneys’ fees. On August 4, 2016, DAI filed a Demand for
Arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), alleging that the Burr’s breached their
obligations under their franchise application by filing the California Superior Court lawsuit. DAI has asked that
an arbitration award be entered against the Burrs declaring that neither DAI nor its agents are liable for the conduct
set forth in the California Superior Court Complaint, and awarding DAI compensatory damages, costs, expenses
and attorney’s fees, any amounts recovered in the California Superior Court lawsuit, pre-award interest, and post9

