2.4

3

End of Term.
2.4.1

Fixtures and Personal property. At the expiration or earlier termination of this Sublease,
any fixtures located on the Premises and not already owned by Sublandlord shall become
the property of Sublandlord. If, at that time, Subtenant has fully complied with Sublease
terms and conditions and is not in default under the Franchise Agreement, Sublandlord
hereby waives any right to claim any personal property owned or leased by Subtenant
and located on the Premises. Subject to the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the
personal property may then be removed by Subtenant or Sublandlord provided that the
Premises are restored to their original condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Any
such personal property not removed within thirty (30) days after the Sublease expiration
or termination shall be deemed abandoned and become the property of Sublandlord.

2.4.2

Joint Inspection. During a period no earlier than three (3) weeks and no later than one
(1) week prior to the end of the Term, Sublandlord and Subtenant shall conduct a joint
inspection of the Premises, and Sublandlord shall make a list of any items of repair and
maintenance that may be needed to put the Premises in good condition and repair,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. If the items on such list cannot be completed by
Subtenant by the end of the Term, then Subtenant shall pay to Sublandlord by the end of
the Term the reasonable cost of such repairs as evidenced by third-party bids.
Subtenant’s obligation to make such payment shall survive the termination of this
Sublease.

CONSIDERATION
3.1

Rent. Subtenant agrees to pay to Sublandlord or its designee the base rent amount indicated on
Exhibit B (the “Base Rent”), to be due and payable in monthly installments in advance on the
first day of each month during the Term of this Sublease. If no Base Rent is included on Exhibit
B, or if Sublandlord directs Subtenant to do so, then Subtenant shall make all rental payments
directly to Master Landlord in the manner set forth in the Master Lease until and unless
Sublandlord directs Subtenant to do otherwise. The first monthly installment of the Base Rent
shall be due on the Commencement Date, or at the time provided in the Master Lease if Subtenant
is to make rental payments directly to Sublandlord as provided above. If this Sublease shall
commence on any day other than the first day of a calendar month, the monthly installment for
the first and last month of the Term shall be prorated.

3.2

Additional Charges. Subtenant and Sublandlord agree that the rent accruing under this Sublease
shall be net to Sublandlord and that all taxes, costs, common area maintenance fees, expenses
and charges of every kind and nature (the “Additional Charges”) relating to the Premises or
payable under the Master Lease that may arise or become due during the Term or any extension
of this Sublease, shall be paid by Subtenant to Sublandlord or its designee (which may be Master
Landlord), and that Subtenant shall indemnify and save harmless Sublandlord from and against
them. All Additional Charges that Subtenant assumes or agrees to pay under any provisions of
this Sublease, together with all interest and penalties that may accrue on these Additional Charges
in the event Subtenant fails to pay them, as well as all other damages, costs and expenses,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal and court costs that
Sublandlord may incur in enforcing this Sublease, and any and all other sums that may become
due by reason of Subtenant’s default or failure to comply with its obligations under this Sublease,
shall be deemed to be “Additional Rent”. The Base Rent and Additional Rent shall collectively
3

04/25 amended 12/25

