5.6

Inspection. Fee owner, Sublicensor or their representatives shall have the right to enter the
Premises at reasonable hours of any business day to ascertain if the Premises are in proper repair
and condition, provided, that such persons will make every reasonable effort not to interfere with
customers or Sublicensee’s operation of the business.

5.7

License and Laws. Sublicensee shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain all necessary licenses
and/or permits that may be required for the conduct of its business; and Sublicensee shall, at its
own cost and expense, promptly observe and comply with all present and future laws, ordinances,
requirements, orders, directions, rules and regulations (referred to generally as “Regulations”)
of governmental authorities having or claiming jurisdiction over the Premises or the conduct of
Sublicensee’s business. By way of example, and not limitation, compliance with governmental
Regulations shall include, but not be limited to, alterations and/or additions to the Premises if
required under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.

5.8

Damage or Destruction. If, during the Term, the Premises or the personal property or fixtures
on it are destroyed or damaged in whole or in part by fire or other cause, Sublicensee shall give
Sublicensor immediate notice, and Sublicensee, at its own cost and expense, shall cause the
prompt repair, replacement and rebuilding of same (“Restoration”), subject to Section 5.2 and
Section 5.3 of this Sublicense. The restored building, personal property or fixtures shall reflect
the then current image of the Subway® brand. Sublicensor shall in no event be called upon to
repair, replace or rebuild any such buildings, fixtures or personal property, nor to pay any of the
costs or expenses thereof beyond or in excess of any insurance proceeds, as provided in this
Sublicense.

5.9

Disclaimer. The taking of possession of the Premises by Sublicensee shall be conclusive
evidence that Sublicensee has accepted the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or patent
defects. Sublicensee acknowledges that Sublicensee is relying on its own independent
inspection.

5.10 Contracts. Sublicensee shall not without Sublicensor’s written consent enter into any service
contract or agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the occupants
of it unless such contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more than thirty
(30) days’ notice or shall expressly provide that it shall not become binding on Sublicensor in
the event that this Sublicense is terminated or expires. Sublicensee shall furnish Sublicensor with
copies of all service contracts or agreements affecting the Premises that are now in existence or
that are subsequently entered into.
6

TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES
6.1

Payment.
6.1.1

In the event Sublicensor elects, at its sole option, to pay the taxes, assessments, charges
for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental
impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (“Charges”) that are payable
in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises, Sublicensee
shall reimburse Sublicensor within thirty (30) days after Sublicensee receives an invoice
for the payment of such Charges.

6.1.2

In the event Sublicensor elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding
paragraph, Sublicensee shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may be
made without penalty or interest, all Charges that may be assessed, imposed, or become
due and payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the
Premises or the fixtures or personal property on it, or any Charges that may be imposed
in lieu of, or as a substitution for, any such Charges. At any time after the time for
8

