We will not charge for this course but you must pay for travel to and from the training location and
all living expenses while attending training.
iv.

In some cases, because of the short term or other reasons, we may authorize you to sign an
Approved Lease. The term of the Approved Lease we or you sign will not extend beyond the Term,
unless we and you agree in writing. You must submit for our approval, the form of Approved Lease,
including any modifications, amendments, renewals or extensions. Submissions for approval and
our approval, if granted, must be in writing. You must sign our approved franchisor lease rider in
connection with the lease. You must give us original signed copies of 1) the Approved Lease, 2)
franchisor lease rider, and 3) the landlord’s written consent to the conditional assignment.

v.

After you sign the Sublease or Approved Lease, you will construct and equip the Restaurant to the
specifications contained in the Operations Manual for satellite locations and then open for business.
The Restaurant will be located at

.

The Restaurant will be a:
Cart:

Sandwich Unit:

Other:

G.

The design, construction, layout, equipment, and operation of the Restaurant, including the procedures for
transporting products and supplies from the Base Restaurant, must be in compliance with our policies and
the portions of the Operations Manual concerning satellite restaurants. We and you will approve the menu
of items to be sold and the days and hours of operation. We and you must also approve the location(s),
itinerary, operation, and design of any mobile unit. Generally, we intend the Satellite Restaurant will not
be self-sufficient, without our specific approval, which means the Satellite Restaurant may not be able to
do one or more of the following: (1) bake bread; (2) prepare the setups for the product; or (3) have adequate
storage capacity for the product. The Satellite Restaurant may be temporary or seasonal, may operate with
limited hours, may be mobile, or have any combination of these characteristics. We alone will determine
whether the Satellite Restaurant premises and its operations qualify for treatment as a satellite location
according to our policies.

H.

You understand and acknowledge the insurance requirements apply to the Satellite Restaurant as well as
the Base Restaurant.

I.

In regard to relocation:

J.

i.

Short Term Satellite Restaurant: you may not relocate the Short Term Satellite Restaurant during
the Term.

ii.

Standard Satellite Restaurant: You must have our prior written approval to relocate the Standard
Satellite Restaurant. Your right to relocate the Standard Satellite Restaurant is subject to our
policies regarding proximity of a satellite restaurant to its base restaurant to ensure product quality
and proper servicing of the satellite restaurant.

In regard to the Term:
i.

Short Term Satellite Restaurant: The Term will be for 1 year from the Agreement Date or until the
termination or expiration of the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement (including any renewal
periods), whichever occurs sooner, subject to earlier termination. This Agreement will
13

DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

