full right, permission, and license to access, modify, copy, analyze, distribute, transmit, display,
publish, and otherwise use throughout the world any and all Restaurant Data, without any
payment or other consideration of any kind, and without the need to obtain further permission
from you or any other person or to provide notification to you or any third party, for our business
purposes in accordance with our role as Franchisor and a licensor of the Software. These rights
are perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, nonexclusive, sublicensable, fully-paid, and royalty-free.
For the avoidance of doubt, you understand and agree that these rights include, without
limitation, the right to commercialize, exploit, and otherwise use the Restaurant Data for
marketing and other commercial purposes.
You are permitted to disclose, transmit, and use Restaurant Data solely for purposes of operating
one or more Restaurants in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable Franchise
Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that:
(1) you may use the Restaurant Data only for the benefit of the applicable Restaurant(s) and
that in no event may Restaurant Data be used for the benefit of any other business you may
operate or any other third party, and that (2) Restaurant Data is Franchisor’s Confidential
Information under the Franchise Agreement.
d. Our Privacy Statement. You acknowledge that the Privacy Statement posted on the
subway.com website (“Privacy Statement”) applies to information collected by the Franchisor
Parties as described therein, including, if and as applicable, Franchisee Personnel Data and
Restaurant Data collected or otherwise received by the Franchisor in connection with this
Agreement. You acknowledge that our permitted use of Franchisee Personnel Data and
Restaurant Data includes the activities described in, and you hereby grant us permission to use
that data as set forth in, our Privacy Statement, which we (or our Affiliate) may update from time
to time in accordance with its terms. For clarity, the foregoing is not intended to expand upon
the rights granted under clause 16.b (Use of Franchisee Personnel Data) in connection with
Franchisee Personnel Data comprising data relating to employees of your Restaurant(s). In
connection with Franchisee Personnel Data comprising data relating to employees of your
Restaurant(s), in the event of any conflict or inconsistency as between or among this Agreement,
the Franchise Agreement, or any terms posted on the subway.com website (including, without
limitation, the Privacy Statement), this Agreement will control.
e. Your Responsibilities. You acknowledge that data protection and privacy laws and regulations
applicable to a Restaurant or its location may place limitations or conditions on the collection,
use, and sharing of certain information, including personal data, that you obtain from your
employees and customers. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for ensuring that
all proper notices have been made and consents obtained as may be required under applicable
law for your disclosure to us, and our use of, Franchisee Personnel Data and Restaurant Data as
contemplated under this Agreement. You, alone, are responsible for your collection and use of
Franchisee Personnel Data and Restaurant Data and for the accuracy, completeness, legality, and
appropriateness of all Restaurant Data and Franchisee Personnel Data as disclosed, provided, or
transmitted to us. You represent and warrant that: (i) all Restaurant Data and Franchisee
Personnel Data transmitted or provided by you is and has been collected by you or on your behalf
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; and (ii) you have obtained from those
persons or entities whose information (including personal data) is or may be disclosed or
transmitted to us, and at all times will maintain, all consents and permissions required by
applicable law (including privacy laws and regulations) to disclose or transmit such information
as contemplated by this Agreement.
You are responsible for backing up Restaurant Data and Franchisee Personnel Data. We may
require you to use a designated cloud-based service provider for the purpose of backing up
Restaurant Data and Franchisee Personnel Data. Without limiting the foregoing, you authorize us
to back up the Restaurant Data and Franchisee Personnel Data. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for clarity, we are not obligated to back up any such data. You acknowledge and agree that we
Page 6 of 22

