Item 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
If you establish your restaurant at a MCCS location under the License Agreement, you may be required under the
License Agreement to offer certain snack menu items, such as pizza or hot dogs. Review any Modifications of Contract
specific to your location to determine whether any such requirement applies to you. You are responsible for any costs
associated with offering the additional menu item(s).
If you establish your restaurant at a MCCS location under the License Agreement, you will be limited to selling to
customers who have access to MCCS’s facilities, and you are required under the License Agreement to sell items in
your restaurant at a prices equal to or lower than Subway® restaurants in your local SFAFT market or within a 3 mile
radius, whichever is greater.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
The MCCS Rider (“MR”) (Exhibit A-8).
Item a, Length of the franchise term:
LIC Para G.1

The term is 20 years, but you must open the restaurant for business within the
time provided in the License Agreement or the franchise terminates.
There are additional risks involved because the license for the location under
the License Agreement is generally for a short term of 5 years, but it could be
as short as 1 year or less. Your Franchise Agreement could be valueless and
you could lose your investment if MCCS terminates the license for the location
early, or does not extend the term of the license for the location at the end
term. MCCS MAY TERMINATE THE LICENSE AGREEMENT IN
WHOLE OR IN PART, AT ANY TIME, WHEN IT IS CONSIDERED TO
BE IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE GOVERNMENT.

Item c, Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend:
LIC Para G.1

Under the License Agreement, the license term for each location
generally may be extended or renewed for up to three additional
periods of 5 years each. Extension or renewal terms may vary
depending on the type and size of the location. Extensions or
renewals may be conditioned upon your agreement to perform
facility upgrades or renovations. Renovation plans must be submitted
to the Contracting Officer at least 90 days prior to the expiration date
of the license and must include an estimate of your projected costs,
and completion date.

Item g, “Cause” defined- curable defaults:
NR Para X

You have 10 days to cure: failure to pay amounts owed to MCCS; A
default under the License Agreement will be a default under the
Franchise Agreement and you have 60 days to cure any such default.

8

