8.9

Independent Rights. The rights and remedies of Sublicensor are distinct, separate and
cumulative, and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Sublicensor, shall be deemed to be
to the exclusion of any of the others.

8.10 Non-Waiver. The failure of Sublicensor to insist upon strict performance of any of Sublicensee’s
obligations under this Sublicense shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies that
Sublicensor may have and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default by
Sublicensee. The exercise of any of Sublicensor’s options under the Sublicense shall not be
deemed to be the exclusive remedy of Sublicensor.
8.11 Waiver of Exemption from Distress. Sublicensee agrees that notwithstanding anything
contained in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or
of any other jurisdiction, none of the personal property located on the Premises shall be exempt
from levy for distress for License Fees in arrears, and that if Sublicensee makes any claim for
such an exemption, this Sublicense may be pleaded as an estoppel against Sublicensee in any
appropriate action.
8.12 Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Sublicense to the contrary, this
Sublicense is conditioned upon the faithful performance by Sublicensee of the Franchise
Agreement, and a default in the terms of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this
Sublicense.
9

NO LICENSE FEE ABATEMENT

Unless specifically provided in this Sublicense, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of License Fees,
Additional License Fees, Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to
Sublicensee, or any persons claiming under Sublicensee, under any circumstances, whether for
inconvenience, discomfort, interruption of business, or otherwise.
10 CONDEMNATION
In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation proceedings or by exercise of any
right of eminent domain, Sublicensee shall have no right to participate in any condemnation proceedings
and shall not have the right to any award, and Sublicensor may terminate this Sublicense upon written
notice to Sublicensee.
11 SUBORDINATION
This Sublicense shall be fully subordinate to any mortgage and/or collateral assignment of lease against the
Premises that Master Licensor, the fee owner, Sublicensor and/or their assigns has or subsequently obtains
upon the Premises. This Sublicense shall be fully subordinate and subject to the Master License and any
senior lease now, or hereafter affecting the Premises.
Sublicensee hereby grants a power of attorney to Sublicensor with full power to act as its attorney in fact
and to execute on behalf of Sublicensee any and all documents that may be required by a mortgagee and/or
assignee evidencing Sublicensee’s full subordination of Sublicensee’s interest to any mortgage and/or
collateral assignment of Sublicense that may be entered into by Sublicensor, Master Licensor, the fee owner
or their assigns. Sublicensee hereby agrees to execute, without charging Sublicensor, any and all documents
that it is requested to execute to evidence this subordination. However, Sublicensee shall not be required
to execute any promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness that would create any personal liability
on behalf of Sublicensee.

12

