Part I – General Non-Traditional Locations
If you checked (1), (2), (3), or (4), above, the following provisions apply to your Franchise Agreement:
A.

References throughout this Agreement to the Restaurant solely apply to the Subway® Restaurant area and
not to the rest of the facility you operate in which you establish the Restaurant (the “Facility”). This
Agreement will only apply to your operation of the Subway® Restaurant and not to your other businesses
except to the extent that your other businesses may be in competition with the Restaurant.

B.

You may sell packaged beverages, food, and sundry items in other areas of the Facility (as defined below)
and revenue from these sales will not be included in gross sales. Coffee sales will only be included in gross
sales if coffee is offered in Subway® logoed cups or from behind the Restaurant counter area. Fountain
drink sales will be included in accordance with your selection as follows:
Check either i or ii:
___ i. You will include all fountain drink sales within the Restaurant area located at the Facility or sold in
Subway® logoed cups in gross sales. The Restaurant may either have a separate fountain or may share
a common self-service fountain with the rest of the Facility you operate.
___ ii. You will include all canned or bottled beverage sales in gross sales, if fountain drinks cannot be sold
anywhere at the Facility. Only sales from canned or bottled beverages offered for sale by and purchased
at the Restaurant will be included in gross sales.

C.

In regard to the opening of the Restaurant:
i.

D.

You will construct and equip the Restaurant to the specifications contained in the Operations
Manual and open for business within twelve (12) months from the Agreement Date or this
Agreement will automatically expire unless you 1) request and are granted an extension, 2) pay an
extension fee of $1,000, and 3) sign our then-current Franchise Agreement. If you do not open the
Restaurant by the end of the time permitted, including any extension, this Agreement will
automatically expire.

In regard to the approval for the Restaurant:
i.

The Restaurant will be at a location we approve in a portion of the Facility. Because you are
providing the premises for the Restaurant, we do not require a Sublease or an Approved Lease. All
references to the Sublease and Approved Lease in this Agreement are deemed deleted. If we do not
grant final approval for this location within ninety (90) days from the Agreement Date, we may
refund the Franchise Fee and this Agreement will be null and void.

ii. We and you agree, subject to our final approval, the Restaurant will be located at the Approved
Location listed in the Key Contract Data page of the Franchise Agreement.
E.

In the event that your insurable interest in the Facility is greater than the Restaurant, subject to our prior
written approval, you may maintain a program of self-insurance or obtain insurance through your usual
insurance broker or company provided that they meet the required limits and they have a rating of at least
A- in Bests’ Insurance Guide.

F.

In regard to operating Competitive Businesses:
3
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

