Franchise:
EXHIBIT A-4
WALMART RIDER
WALMART LOCATION RIDER
This Rider (“Rider”) dated
,
(the “Effective Date”) amends and
supplements the Franchise Agreement of the same date, including provisions modified by any Addenda to the
Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“we”, “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”). The Franchise Agreement, as amended by this Rider, will be
called this “Agreement”. Capitalized terms used in this Rider that are defined in the Franchise Agreement will have
the meanings given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS
R.1. You want to locate the Restaurant within a specific retail establishment owned by Walmart Stores, Inc.,
Walmart Stores East, LP, Walmart Louisiana, LLC and Walmart Texas, LLC (“Walmart”). We will refund the
Franchise Fee if you do not obtain the location and you meet our requirements below.
R.2. You acknowledge that, pursuant to a Master Lease Agreement dated March 31, 2010, Walmart leased
space within its premises commonly known as Walmart stores for the purpose of operating Subway® restaurants to
Twin Towers Trading Site Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (“TTTSM”). You further
acknowledge that our affiliate, Subway Realty LLC (“SRL”) is the Concessionaire under a certain Master Sublease
(as may be amended) made between it and TTTSM and dated March 31, 2010 (the “Master Sublease”) which
outlines the rights to operate Subway® restaurants in Walmart stores. You further acknowledge and agree that,
pursuant to the Master Sublease, TTTSM and SRL will execute a Sublease for each leased restaurant premises that
is specifically incorporated into the Master Sublease (“Sublease”).
R.3. The parties agree that in accordance with the terms of the Master Sublease, SRL further grants subsubleases to Subway® to further sublease the premises to franchisees for the operation of Subway® restaurants to be
located within a Walmart store (“Sub-Sublease”).
R.4. You acknowledge and agree that you must enter into a Sub-Sublease Agreement with SRL to operate
your restaurant within a particular Walmart store.
AGREEMENT:
Acknowledging and agreeing to each of the Recitals above, which are added to the Recitals of the Franchise
Agreement and are herein incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any provisions
of the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise Agreement as
follows:
I.

The definition of “Gross Sales” is revised as follows:
“Gross sales” means all sales or revenues, including catering, delivery and sales of any required or permitted
snack menu items, from your business exclusive of sales or use tax, goods and services tax, gross receipts tax,
excise tax or other similar tax (“Sales Tax”).

II.

In regard to the Sub-Sublease Agreement for the Restaurant:

1

