“Commencement Date”). The Term of this Subconcession Agreement shall expire at midnight
one full day before the expiration of the Master Concession Agreement (the “Expiration Date”)
unless sooner terminated as provided in this Subconcession Agreement.

3

2.2

Possession. Possession of the Premises shall be delivered to Subconcessionaire on the
Commencement Date or as provided in the Master Concession Agreement, whichever is later.

2.3

Holdover. Subconcessionaire may only hold over at the expiration of the Term with the written
consent of Subconcessionor. During such holdover period, Subconcessionaire shall pay to
Subconcessionor two hundred percent (200%) of the Concession Fees amount that existed
immediately prior to the Expiration Date. Subconcessionaire agrees to comply with all holdover
provisions contained in the Master Concession Agreement.

2.4

End of Term.
2.4.1

Fixtures and Personal property. At the expiration or earlier termination of this
Subconcession Agreement, any fixtures located on the Premises and not already owned
by Subconcessionor shall become the property of Subconcessionor. If, at that time,
Subconcessionaire has fully complied with Subconcession Agreement terms and
conditions and is not in default under the Franchise Agreement, Subconcessionor hereby
waives any right to claim any personal property owned or leased by Subconcessionaire
and located on the Premises. Subject to the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the
personal property may then be removed by Subconcessionaire or Subconcessionor
provided that the Premises are restored to their original condition, reasonable wear and
tear excepted. Any such personal property not removed within thirty (30) days after the
Subconcession Agreement expiration or termination shall be deemed abandoned and
become the property of Subconcessionor.

2.4.2

Joint Inspection. During a period no earlier than three (3) weeks and no later than one
(1) week prior to the end of the Term, Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire shall
conduct a joint inspection of the Premises, and Subconcessionor shall make a list of any
items of repair and maintenance that may be needed to put the Premises in good condition
and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted. If the items on such list cannot be
completed by Subconcessionaire by the end of the Term, then Subconcessionaire shall
pay to Subconcessionor by the end of the Term the reasonable cost of such repairs as
evidenced by third-party bids. Subconcessionaire’s obligation to make such payment
shall survive the termination of this Subconcession Agreement.

CONSIDERATION
3.1

Concession Fees. Subconcessionaire agrees to pay to Subconcessionor or its designee the base
concession fees indicated on Exhibit B (the “Base Concession Fees”), to be due and payable in
monthly installments in advance on the first day of each month during the Term of this
Subconcession Agreement. If no Base Concession Fees are included on Exhibit B, or if
Subconcessionor directs Subconcessionaire to do so, then Subconcessionaire shall make all
concession fee payments directly to Master Concessionor in the manner set forth in the Master
Concession Agreement until and unless Subconcessionor directs Subconcessionaire to do
otherwise. The first monthly installment of the Base Concession Fees shall be due on the
Commencement Date, or at the time provided in the Master Concession Agreement if
Subconcessionaire is to make concession fee payments directly to Subconcessionor as provided
above. If this Subconcession Agreement shall commence on any day other than the first day of
a calendar month, the monthly installment for the first and last month of the Term shall be
prorated.
3

