4

3.5

Other Pre-Opening Costs. Subconcessionor acknowledges receipt from Subconcessionaire of
the Other Pre-Opening Costs Deposit amount shown in the Key Contract Data at the beginning
of this Subconcession Agreement, which shall be held in a non-interest bearing escrow account
and shall be returned to Subconcessionaire, without interest, upon the opening of this location
for business.

3.6

Late Charges. All Concession Fees and any other charges shall be paid to Subconcessionor
without notice or demand and without abatement, deduction or set-off, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Subconcession Agreement. All payments not paid when due shall bear
interest at the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) or the maximum rate allowed by law in the state
where the Premises are located.

INSURANCE
4.1

4.2

Coverage. During the Term, Subconcessionaire, at its own cost and expense, shall:
4.1.1

Keep the Premises and the fixtures and personal property on it insured with an all-risk
property insurance policy in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of replacement
(without deduction for depreciation). Replacement cost shall be determined by one of
the insurers or, at the option of Subconcessionor, by an appraiser, architect or contractor
who is mutually and reasonably acceptable to Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire,
and whom shall be retained and paid by Subconcessionaire.

4.1.2

Provide and keep in force comprehensive or commercial general liability insurance
against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage occurring on, in or about the
Premises, in limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, not less
than $500,000 per occurrence for property damage, or in such other amounts as
Subconcessionor may reasonably request. The policy shall name Subconcessionor as an
additional insured.

4.1.3

Keep in force business interruption insurance that covers the then current Concession
Fees and the annual premiums for insurance required by this Article.

4.1.4

If requested by Subconcessionor, provide and keep in force insurance for such other
insurable hazards in such amounts as similarly situated Premises are then commonly
insured.

Policies. All insurance required by Subconcessionor and provided by Subconcessionaire shall
be carried in favor of Subconcessionor and Subconcessionaire, as their respective interests may
appear, the Master Concessionor, and any underlying fee owner, affiliate corporation, trustee,
mortgagee or other person designated by Subconcessionor or as required under the Master
Concession Agreement. All insurance shall be obtained from companies licensed to do business
in the state in which the Premises are located and which have a rating by Bests Rating Guide of
at least “A”. Subconcessionaire shall procure policies for all insurance for periods of not less
than one (1) year and shall deliver to Subconcessionor all policies or certificates of insurance
with evidence of payment of all premiums. Subconcessionaire shall procure renewals of these
policies from time to time before their respective expiration dates. All insurance policies shall be
non-assessable and shall require thirty (30) days’ written notice to Subconcessionor of any
cancellation or change affecting Subconcessionor’s coverage under the policies. All property
damage and business interruption policies of Subconcessionaire shall contain a waiver of any
subrogation rights which Subconcessionaire’s insurers may have against Subconcessionor, even
if the loss suffered is caused by the act, omission or negligence of Subconcessionor.

5

