on-line banking, or auto-draft arrangement. Sub-Subtenant shall bear all expenses, if any, and
pay Sub-Sublandlord its third party costs associated with such authorizations and payments.
3.4

Advance Payment and Placement Fee. Sub-Sublandlord acknowledges receipt from SubSubtenant of the sum of ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($1,500), which has
or shall be paid to TTTSM as the advance payment and placement fee referred to in the Master
Sublease.

3.5

Other Costs. Sub-Subtenant shall be responsible for all other necessary costs Sub-Sublandlord
incurs in recording the Master Sublease, including but not limited to recording fees, recording
taxes, conveyancing fees and conveyancing taxes. If Sub-Subtenant does not open the restaurant
by the Walmart grand opening date, Sub-Subtenant shall also pay a sum of FIVE THOUSAND
DOLLARS ($5,000) plus ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) for each additional business day
the restaurant is not open for business.
Late Charges. All Rent and any other charges shall be paid to Sub-Sublandlord without notice
or demand and without abatement, deduction or set-off, except as otherwise expressly provided
in this Sub-Sublease. All payments not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser of eighteen
percent (18%) or the maximum rate allowed by law in the state where the Premises are located.

3.6

4

INSURANCE
4.1

4.2

Coverage. During the Term, Sub-Subtenant, at its own cost and expense, shall:
4.1.1

Keep the Premises and the fixtures and personal property on it insured with an all risk
property insurance policy in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of replacement
(without deduction for depreciation). Replacement cost shall be determined by one of
the insurers or, at the option of Sub-Sublandlord, by an appraiser, architect or contractor
who is mutually and reasonably acceptable to Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant, and
whom shall be retained and paid by Sub-Subtenant.

4.1.2

Provide and keep in force comprehensive or commercial general liability insurance
against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage occurring on, in or about the
Premises, in limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, not less
than $500,000 per occurrence for property damage, or as specified in the Franchise
Agreement, the Master Lease and the Master Sublease. The policy shall name SubSublandlord as an additional insured.

4.1.3

Keep in force business interruption insurance that covers the then current Rent and the
annual premiums for insurance required by this Article.

4.1.4

If requested by Sub-Sublandlord, provide and keep in force insurance for such other
insurable hazards in such amounts as similarly situated Premises are then commonly
insured.

Policies. All insurance required by Sub-Sublandlord and provided by Sub-Subtenant shall be
carried in favor of Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant, as their respective interests may appear,
the Master Landlord, TTTSM, and any underlying fee owner, affiliate corporation, trustee,
mortgagee or other person designated by Sub-Sublandlord or as required under the Franchise
Agreement, the Master Lease or Master Sublease. All insurance shall be obtained from
companies licensed to do business in the state in which the Premises are located and which have
a rating by Bests Rating Guide of at least “A”. Sub-Subtenant shall procure policies for all
insurance for periods of not less than one year and shall deliver to Sub-Sublandlord all policies
or certificates of insurance with evidence of payment of all premiums. Sub-Subtenant shall
5

