decision made for the market on items categorized as MOP, unless we grant you a waiver. Your lease may contain
restrictions, or you may have space or other limitations that prevent you from participating in a program approved for
your market. If the investment cost to implement the item is less than $100 (not including the cost of product inventory),
the decision on MOP items will be made for the market by the favorable votes of both the local advertising advisory
board or SFAFT US Advisory Board and the Business Developer (or the Business Developers representing at least twothirds of the restaurants in the market or region). If the investment cost is $100 or more, the decision on the MOP items
will be made by the franchisees in the market. Certain MOP items have default selections. If a MOP item is not approved
by the market within 30 days of the introduction of the product, the default selection will become a required item until
the market makes a decision. If a MOP item does not win approval for the market, you may not implement the item in
your restaurant unless we grant you a waiver. If a program is under test however, the restaurants in the markets approving
the program will each need approval to implement the program. We permit exceptions to allow restaurants to continue
offering the program if it is not approved by their market. In the future, we may implement a Region Option Program
and you will be responsible for all costs, but as of the date of this Disclosure Document, details on any such program are
still forthcoming.
We do not impose any restrictions or conditions that limit your access to guests, but you may not sell any goods or
services to another vendor for resale without our consent. You may not sell goods or services except from your approved
location without our prior written consent. Under our school lunch program, you can sell only to students, faculty, staff,
and normal visitors, and not to the general public.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
This table lists important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should read these provisions in the
agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. The provisions of the Franchise Agreement (“FA”) (Exhibit A) apply
for any location, except as modified by the Franchise Agreement Rider (“FAR”) (Exhibit A-1).
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
Provision

Section in FA or FAR

Summary

a.

FA Section 3; 18.C

Term is 20 years. We may terminate your Franchise Agreement
if we do not approve your location within 6 months after you
sign your Franchise Agreement.

Length of the
franchise term

However, if you purchase your restaurant in connection with a
transfer, your initial term will be the remaining term under the
existing franchise agreement. See Transfer Addendum, Exhibit
G-2.
MUFA Section 3
FAR Part I or II

The term of the MUFA expires with respect to each applicable
Restaurant as set forth on Exhibit B to the MUFA.
If Part I or II of the Franchise Agreement Rider applies, the
term is 20 years, but you must open for business within 2 years
or franchise terminates. We may grant you an extension. We
may terminate if we do not approve your location within 90
days after you sign your Franchise Agreement.

FAR Part II

Term for a school lunch location is 5 years but you must sign
contract, license, or lease (if applicable) and open for business
within 2 years of franchise purchase or franchise terminates
with no right to any extension.

FAR Part IV

Term for a satellite restaurant is from the date of the satellite
Franchise Agreement until the expiration or termination of the
Franchise Agreement for the Base Restaurant. You must sign
79

