imposition of any tax or assessment, the cost of maintaining any such action shall be borne solely by
the Landlord, and shall not be reflected in any later charge to the Tenant. Should the Tenant be
named as a party in any lawsuit involving tax or assessments, the Landlord shall indemnify the
Tenant for any and all costs, including, but not limited to legal fees, which may be incurred in the
defense of, or arising out of any such action.
15. Condemnation. If all or part of the Property is taken for any public or private use under any
governmental law, ordinance or regulation, or by power of eminent domain, or by purchase in lieu
thereof, and such taking adversely affects Tenant’s use or enjoyment of the Premises in the
reasonable opinion of Tenant, then Tenant shall have the option to terminate the Lease by giving
written notice to Landlord within thirty (30) days after the date the condemning authority is given
the right to possession (such date being the “date of taking” for purposes of this Section) and, in such
event, all rights and obligations under the Lease shall cease, effective as of the date of the taking. If
Tenant does not terminate the Lease in accordance with the foregoing, then Landlord shall proceed
with diligence to make any repairs and alterations necessary to restore the Property to an architectural
whole and make the Property suitable for Tenant’s use. The rent payable under the Lease from the
date of the taking through the expiration of the Lease Term shall be equitably reduced based on the
degree to which Tenant’s use and enjoyment of the Property are impaired. If Landlord fails to
complete such repairs or alterations within ninety (90) days after the date of the taking, then Tenant
may at its option terminate the Lease, effective upon delivering written notice of termination to
Landlord at any time prior to Landlord’s completion of such repairs and alterations, whereupon all
rights and obligations under the Lease shall cease. In the event of the condemnation of all or any
portion of the Property, Tenant is entitled to participate in any and all awards for such taking to the
extent that any such award includes the loss, if any, sustained by Tenant as a result of the termination
of the Lease for loss of business, fixtures, goodwill, moving expenses and attorneys’ fees and costs,
to the fullest extent permitted by law. In no event shall Tenant’s claim reduce and/or diminish
Landlord’s award.
16. Landlord Default. If the Landlord shall fail, refuse or neglect to comply with Landlord obligations
in accordance with the terms of the Lease, or if Tenant makes any repairs by reason of any act,
omission or negligence of the Landlord or its employees or agents, Tenant shall have the right, at its
option, to make such repairs on the behalf of and for the account of the Landlord and deduct all costs
and expenses thereof from the next installment(s) of rent due under the Lease. Alternatively, if a
default by Landlord continues for a period of thirty (30) days after Landlord’s receipt of a written
notice specifying the default, Tenant, at Tenant’s option, may terminate the Lease by notifying the
Landlord in writing and specifying the termination date. The Lease shall automatically be deemed
void and both parties shall be relieved of all obligations. Tenant shall vacate the Premises within an
additional period of thirty (30) days paying rent only to the date of said vacating. Landlord shall
return any and all security deposits and/or advanced rent paid by Tenant within three (3) business
days.
17. Limitation of Tenant Liability. Notwithstanding any provision in the Lease to the contrary,
Landlord and Tenant agree that Tenant’s aggregate liability in the event of default shall not exceed
the lesser of one (1) month’s rent or the rent that would become due for the remainder of the Term
of the Lease. Furthermore, Landlord acknowledges an affirmative duty to mitigate damages and
shall in no event accelerate rent. Landlord and Tenant agree that this limitation of liability shall
apply to, but not be limited to, all back and future rent, triple net charges (if applicable), late fees,
attorney fees and court costs. Upon the termination of the Lease, whether in accordance with this
Section or otherwise, Tenant shall be permitted access to the Premises to remove any and all logo or
trademark items. Such items shall include, but shall not be limited to, signage and murals.

5

