B.
Our requirements for minimum insurance coverage are not representations or warranties
of any kind that such coverage is sufficient for the Restaurant. Such requirements represent only the
minimum coverage that we deem acceptable to protect our interests. It is your sole responsibility to obtain
insurance coverage for the Restaurant that you deem appropriate, based on your own independent inquiry.
We are not responsible for losses sustained by you that exceed or fall outside of the insurance coverage
under any circumstances. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification obligations contained in Section
20 will not be relieved by any insurance you carry.
22.

Default and Termination.

A.
If you believe that we are in default under this Agreement, you must give us written notice
within ninety (90) days of the start of the default. The notice must clearly state each act or omission
constituting the default. If we do not cure the default to your satisfaction within sixty (60) days after we
receive your notice, you may give us notice that an arbitrable dispute exists.
B.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon delivery of notice of termination to
you, if you or any of your owners, officers, or key employees:
1.
Fail(s) to develop, decorate, equip or open the Restaurant within the time period
required by, or fail(s) to satisfactorily complete the training program as provided in, this
Agreement;
2.
Have/has made any material misrepresentation or omission in your, his or her
application for the franchise or in any report, claim, request for reimbursement, impact survey or
other similar document submitted to us;
3.
Are/is convicted of or plead(s) no contest to: (i) a felony; or (ii) another crime or
offense that is likely to adversely affect your reputation or the reputation of the System;
4.
Make(s) any unauthorized use, disclosure or duplication of any portion of the
Confidential Operations Manual or duplicate(s) or disclose(s) or make(s) any unauthorized use of
any trade secret or Confidential Information provided to you by us;
5.
Abandon(s) or fail(s) or refuse(s) to actively operate the Restaurant for two (2)
business days in any twelve (12) consecutive month period, unless the Restaurant has been closed
for a purpose approved by us or due to an act of God, or fail(s) to relocate to an approved premises
within an approved period of time following expiration or termination of the Lease for the Premises;
6.
Surrender(s) or transfer(s) control of the operation of the Restaurant, make(s) an
unauthorized direct or indirect assignment of the franchise or an ownership interest in you or fail(s)
or refuse(s) to assign the franchise or the interest in you of a deceased or disabled controlling owner
thereof as herein required;
7.
Submit(s) to us at any time during the Term any reports or other data, information
or supporting records which understate by more than three percent (3%) the Royalty Fee for any
period of, or periods aggregating, three (3) or more weeks, and you are unable to demonstrate that
such understatements resulted from inadvertent error;
8.
Become(s) insolvent, is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; all or a substantial
portion of your assets are assigned to or for the benefit of any creditor or creditors; a petition in
bankruptcy is filed by or against you and is not immediately contested and thereafter dismissed or
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

29

