technical support, increase operational efficiency, install updates to software programs and/or applications, or install or
remove software programs and/or applications. In the event you wish to withdraw consent, you must follow the
procedures set out in the Operations Manual. If you withdraw consent, we will not be able to provide you with the
proactive support necessary to maintain the optimal functionality of your POS System, including your POS system
software.
Your POS software must be upgraded within 3 months of receiving notice of a required software update from us. If you
are using the SubwayPOS® software, updates will be sent and installed to your POS system automatically.
Approved POS System Hardware and Software. You are required to use a computer-based point-of-sale system (the
“POS System”) which must be obtained from an approved POS hardware vendor. Currently, our approved hardware
vendor is Hewlett Packard (“HP”). We may change hardware vendors, or approve one or more additional hardware
vendors in the future. You are required to enroll in the hardware-as-a-service component of our Restaurant Technology
as a Service (“RTaaS”) program with HP to obtain a POS System. We estimate the cost of the base package in the
RTaaS program to be $57 per month, exclusive of tax and shipping charges. Additional hardware and services may be
added to this base package as the program evolves and/or the technology needs of the brand expand, which may result
in additional costs. Additional packages at varying monthly rates may also be offered in the future. Under the RTaaS
program, we may act as a collection agent for HP and collect fees you owe through your pre-authorized account. You
will also be responsible for any costs you incur in connection with the transition from the current POS System you use
to the POS System you obtain under the RTaaS program.
The POS System available from HP comes with Windows 10, Intel i5-6500 3.2GHz (quad-core) processor, 15’’
Projective Capacitive LCD Touch Screen, 32GB USB Flash Drive, 120GB Solid State Drive, 100/1000 Network
Card, Integrated fingerprint reader, Integrated Customer Display, Epson TM-T88V Receipt Printer, Powered USB
Cable, Media Cash Drawer with till insert and 2 keys, UPS Battery Backup, keyboard, mouse. We estimate that this
system will cost approximately $2,400 plus taxes and shipping. The report printer is a separate charge of $135. Optional
items are available at an additional cost and include USB modem, DVD/CD-ROM, and coin dispenser.
All HP POS systems include a 5 year on-site service warranty. The on-site service is available 7 days a week with a 4
hour response time once a problem is identified.
The specifications of the HP POS System will change as the manufacturer and software providers upgrade their products.
Future hardware standards must be met on the compliance date we impose.
The approved POS software (discussed below) is an additional cost, as outlined below; it may come pre-installed on the
approved POS hardware, or, you may be required to obtain it separately through us.
Currently, SubwayPOS® software is the only approved POS software. SubwayPOS® is the required POS software for
all restaurants. The SubwayPOS® software is owned by our affiliate, Subway US IP Holder, and is licensed to you by
us. We may derive revenue from doing so. If you use SubwayPOS® software, you will be bound by the SubwayPOS®
End User License Agreement in a form substantially similar to Exhibit A-3. The SubwayPOS® End User License
Agreement grants you the right to use the software on one or more POS Systems in one or more of your Subway®
restaurants, but you acknowledge you must acquire a separate license to use the software on each POS system you
operate. A license to use the SubwayPOS® software may not be shared or used concurrently on separate POS systems.
You may transfer all or part of your rights under the SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement to another Subway®
franchisee in good standing with us with our prior written consent. We may make changes to the SubwayPOS® End
User License Agreement at any time in order to keep pace with advances in technology and other initiatives, and you
may be required to agree to our then current form of SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement in order to access
required software updates.
One individual listed on the Franchise Agreement or one representative on behalf of an approved entity franchisee may
accept the SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement on behalf of all individuals or the approved entity identified as
franchisee on the Franchise Agreement. You must consult with all such individuals or any necessary representatives of
an approved entity franchisee before accepting to be bound by the SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement.
67

