8.11 Waiver of Exemption from Distress. Subtenant agrees that notwithstanding anything contained
in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or of any
other jurisdiction, none of the personal property located on the Premises shall be exempt from
levy for distress for Rent in arrears, and that if Subtenant makes any claim for such an exemption,
this Sublease may be pleaded as an estoppel against Subtenant in any appropriate action.
8.12 Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Sublease to the contrary, this Sublease
is conditioned upon the faithful performance by Subtenant of the Franchise Agreement, and a
default in the terms of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this Sublease.
9

NO RENT ABATEMENT

Unless specifically provided in this Sublease, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of Rent, Additional
Rent, Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to Subtenant, or any persons
claiming under Subtenant, under any circumstances, whether for inconvenience, discomfort, interruption
of business, or otherwise.
10 CONDEMNATION
In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation proceedings or by exercise of any
right of eminent domain, Subtenant shall have no right to participate in any condemnation proceedings and
shall not have the right to any award, and Sublandlord may terminate this Sublease upon written notice to
Subtenant.
11 SUBORDINATION
This Sublease shall be fully subordinate to any mortgage and/or collateral assignment of lease against the
Premises that Master Landlord, the fee owner, Sublandlord and/or their assigns has or subsequently obtains
upon the Premises; provided, however, that any such mortgage and/or collateral assignment of Sublease
against the Premises granted by Sublandlord shall provide that Subtenant’s possession of the Premises
pursuant to this Sublease shall not be disturbed in the event of a default by Sublandlord so long as Subtenant
shall be in compliance under the terms hereof. This Sublease shall be fully subordinate and subject to the
Master Lease and any senior lease now, or hereafter affecting the Premises.
Subtenant hereby grants a power of attorney to Sublandlord with full power to act as its attorney in fact and
to execute on behalf of Subtenant any and all documents that may be required by a mortgagee and/or
assignee evidencing Subtenant’s full subordination of Subtenant’s interest to any mortgage and/or collateral
assignment of Sublease that may be entered into by Sublandlord, Master Landlord, the fee owner or their
assigns. Subtenant hereby agrees to execute, without charging Sublandlord, any and all documents that it
is requested to execute to evidence this subordination. However, Subtenant shall not be required to execute
any promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness that would create any personal liability on behalf
of Subtenant.
12 ASSIGNMENT
12.1 By Sublandlord. This Sublease shall be fully assignable by Sublandlord or its assigns.
12.2 By Subtenant. Neither Subtenant, nor Subtenant’s successors or assigns, shall (unless expressly
permitted in this Sublease) assign, mortgage, give as security, pledge or encumber this Sublease,
13
04/25 amended 12/25

