Exhibit 1
Additional Controller to Controller Terms
1. Processing of Personal Data and Rights of Data Subjects
1.1. Each party represents, warrants, and covenants that it complies, and throughout the Term
of the Agreement will continue to comply with all Data Protection Laws applicable to their
performance under the Agreement, including but not limited to the GDPR.
1.2. Each party to this Agreement is an independent Controller of Personal Data of the Personal
Data described. The parties agree that they are not joint controllers. Each party shall be
individually and separately responsible for complying with the obligations that apply to it as
a Controller under Data Protection Laws.
1.3. Each party acknowledges and confirms that: (i) it will only give lawful instructions to any
Subprocessors; (ii) it will be responsible for determining the legal basis(es) of its own
Processing activities; and (iii) it will provide the other party with reasonable assistance,
information and cooperation as such party may reasonably request to ensure compliance
with the parties’ respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
1.4. Each party shall treat Personal Data as confidential and shall only collect or Process the
Personal Data in accordance with, and for the purposes permitted in the Agreement. Each
party shall not process, transfer, modify, amend, sell, re-sell or alter the Personal Data or
disclose or permit the disclosure of the Personal Data to any third party other than in
accordance with the purposes permitted in the Agreement.
1.5. Personal Data may be compiled from the Data Subject sources set forth in the Agreement
and Exhibit 2. Personal Data shall include the categories of Personal Data set forth in the
Agreement and Exhibit 2 by the parties prior to Processing.
1.6. Each party agrees to provide all notices and disclosures to Data Subjects required to be
provided by such party under Data Protection Laws regarding the Processing of Personal
Data contemplated under the Agreement.
1.7. Each party will adopt security, technical and administrative measures for protecting
Personal Data from unauthorized accesses and accidental or unlawful situations of
destruction, loss, alteration, communication or any type of improper or unlawful processing.
2. Rights of Data Subjects. Each party will process its own requests for Data Subjects to
exercise their rights. With respect to objections from, or on behalf of Data Subjects to the
Processing of Personal Data that is shared between the Parties, the parties will collaborate to
honor such objections or opt-out requests.
3. Personnel
3.1. Each party shall ensure that its personnel engaged in the Processing of Personal Data are
informed of the confidential nature of the Personal Data, have received appropriate training
on their responsibilities and are subject to obligations of confidentiality, and that such
obligations shall survive the termination of each such personnel’s engagement with such
party. Each party shall ensure that access to Personal Data is limited to its personnel as
strictly necessary for the purposes of Processing Personal Data in accordance with this DPA,
and to comply with Data Protection Laws.
3.2. Franchisee shall take commercially reasonable steps to ensure the reliability of any
Franchisee personnel engaged in the Processing of Personal Data, including but not limited
to, the obligations regarding subcontractors as set out in this DPA and the Agreement.
4. Subprocessors. Each party shall be allowed to engage Subprocessors for carrying out specific
Personal Data processing activities, subject to the following: (i) each party shall only retain
Subprocessors that the party reasonably expects to appropriately protect the privacy,
confidentiality and security of Personal Data; and (ii) each party shall implement data privacy
terms with its Subprocessor that are required by Data Protection Laws and which are, in any

18

