B.
All Confidential Information furnished to you by us or on our behalf, whether orally or by
means of written material (i) shall be deemed proprietary, (ii) shall be held by you in strict confidence, (iii)
shall not be copied, disclosed or revealed to or shared with any other person except to your employees or
contractors who have a need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement and
who are under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than your obligations hereunder, or to individuals
or entities specifically authorized by us in advance, and (iv) shall not be used in connection with any other
business or capacity. You will not acquire any interest in Confidential Information other than the right to
use it as we specify in operating your Restaurant during the Term. You agree to protect the Confidential
Information from unauthorized use, access or disclosure. We may require you to have your employees and
contractors execute individual undertakings and shall have the right to regulate the form of and to be a party
to or third-party beneficiary under any such agreements. You acknowledge that any form of non-disclosure
and non-competition agreement that we require you to use, provide to you, or regulate the terms of, may or
may not be enforceable in a particular jurisdiction. You agree that you are solely responsible for obtaining
your own professional advice with respect to the adequacy of the terms and provisions of any confidentiality
and non-compete agreement that your employees, agents and independent contractors sign.
C.
You acknowledge and agree that, as between us and you, we are the sole owner of all right,
title, and interest in and to the System and any Confidential Information. All improvements, developments,
derivative works, enhancements, or modifications to the System and any Confidential Information, ideas,
slogans, marketing plans, advertising material, concepts, drawings, techniques, inventions (including any
resulting patent rights), innovations, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, works of authorship, and any
other protectable or proprietary interest in any similar intangible asset, relating to a Subway® Restaurant
(collectively, “Innovations”) made or created by you, your employees or your contractors, whether
developed separately or in conjunction with us, shall be owned solely by us. You represent, warrant, and
covenant that your employees and contractors are bound by written agreements assigning all rights in and
to any Innovations developed or created by them to you. To the extent that you, your employees or your
contractors are deemed to have any interest in such Innovations, you hereby agree to assign, and do assign,
all right, title and interest in and to such Innovations to us. To that end, you shall execute, verify, and deliver
such documents (including, without limitation, assignments) and perform such other acts (including
appearances as a witness) as we may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting,
evidencing, sustaining, and enforcing such ownership rights in and to the Innovations, and the assignment
thereof. Your obligation to assist us with respect to such ownership rights shall continue beyond the
expiration or termination of this Agreement. In the event we are unable for any reason, after reasonable
effort, to secure your signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this
Section, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint us and our duly authorized officers and agents as
your agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable, to act for
and on your behalf to execute, verify, and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted
acts to further the purposes of this Section with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. The
obligations of this Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
D.
Due to the special and unique nature of our Confidential Information, the Marks, and
Confidential Operations Manual, you hereby agree and acknowledge that we shall be entitled to immediate
equitable remedies, including but not limited to, restraining orders and injunctive relief in order to safeguard
such proprietary, confidential, unique, and special information and that money damages alone would be an
insufficient remedy with which to compensate us for any breach of the related terms of this Agreement.
E.
Upon our request, you will promptly return all tangible Confidential Information, including
any reproductions and copies. In the event that you are requested or required to disclose any part of the
Confidential Information in connection with a legal proceeding, investigation or other similar process, you
shall provide us with prompt written notice of any such request or requirement so that we may seek a
protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section.
If, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy or waiver, you are legally compelled to disclose
Confidential Information to any tribunal, you may disclose to such tribunal only that portion of Confidential

