complaint in the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina against certain current
and former Driven Brands Holdings’ executive officers and board members, including Jonathan Fitzpatrick,
Tiffany Mason, Neal Aronson, Catherine Halligan, Chadwick Hume, Rick Puckett, Karen Stroup, Peter Swinburn,
Michael Thompson, and Jose Tomas (collectively, the “Defendants”). The Terwilliger complaint makes largely
the same allegations as those in the Genesee complaint, namely, that Driven Brands Holdings failed to disclose
information that allegedly resulted in material misstatements about Driven Brands Holdings’ business and
prospects in its quarterly filings, and purports to state claims for (i) breach of fiduciary duty; (ii) unjust enrichment;
(iii) abuse of control; (iv) gross mismanagement; (v) waste of corporate assets; and (vi) violations of Sections
10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act. Terwilliger seeks, on behalf of Driven Brands Holdings, an award of
unspecified damages with interest, restitution, and costs and expenses, an order directing Driven Brands Holdings
and the Defendants to take certain actions with respect to Driven Brands Holdings’ corporate governance, and any
other relief that the court considers appropriate. On April 30, 2025, the court granted the parties’ joint motion for
a stay of proceedings, pending the completion of discovery in the underlying Genesee securities class action. On
May 13, 2025, the parties in this action and the Gaiman action summarized below moved the court to lift the stay
for the limited purpose of consolidating the 2 shareholder derivative actions and to stay the consolidated action
under the same terms as the existing stay. Driven Brands Holdings disputes the allegations of wrongdoing and
intends to vigorously defend against the action.
14) Gaiman v. Fitzpatrick, et al., United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina (Charlotte
Division), Case No. 3:25-cv-00288, filed April 30, 2025. Jonathan Gaiman filed a purported derivative complaint
in the United States District Court for the Western District 17 Meineke 2025 1616374105.3 of North Carolina
against certain current and former Driven Brands Holdings’ executive officers and board members, including
Jonathan Fitzpatrick, Tiffany Mason, Neal Aronson, Catherine Halligan, Chadwick Hume, Rick Puckett, Karen
Stroup, Peter Swinburn, Michael Thompson, and Jose Tomas. The Gaiman complaint makes largely the same
allegations as those in the Genessee and Terwilliger complaints, namely, that Driven Brands Holdings failed to
disclose information that allegedly resulted in material misstatements about Driven Brands Holdings’ business
and prospects in its quarterly filings, and purports to state claims for (i) breach of fiduciary duty; (ii) aiding and
abetting breaches of fiduciary duty; (iii) unjust enrichment; (iv) waste of corporate assets; (v) violations of
Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act; and (vi) violations of Sections 14(a) and Rule 14a-9 of the Exchange
Act. Gaiman seeks, on behalf of Driven Brands Holdings, an award of unspecified damages with interest, an
accounting of damages, and profits, special benefits, and unjust enrichment obtained by the individual defendants,
from the individual defendants’ conduct and the imposition of a constructive trust thereon, punitive damages,
costs and expenses, and other relief that the court considers just and proper. On May 13, 2025, the parties in this
action and the Terwilliger action moved the court in the Terwilliger action to lift the stay in the Terwilliger action
for the limited purpose of consolidating the 2 shareholder derivative actions and to stay the consolidated action
under the same terms as the Terwilliger stay. Driven Brands Holdings disputes the allegations of wrongdoing and
intends to vigorously defend against the action.
15) Hit Soluciones de Gestión, S.L. v Subway International, B.V. (“SIBV”), Court of First Instance Nº 63 Of Madrid,
Ordinary procedure 1418/2025, NIG: 28.079.00.2-2025/0214042, filed on 28 March 2025. After being terminated
for outstanding balances exceeding €100,000 and an illegal transfer of the restaurants, a former franchisee filed
an ordinary proceeding seeking €3,589,710.95 in damages arising from SIBV’s alleged unlawful termination of
franchise agreements #52374, 66111 and 66045. The summons was served to a third-party Subway restaurant in
Madrid and not to SIBV’s registered address in Amsterdam. On 1 September 2025, SIBV filed an application for
nullity on the grounds that service had been affected at the address of another franchisee (Okimer, S.L.) rather
than at SIBV’s registered address in Amsterdam. In parallel, the statement of defense was filed ad cautelam (as a
precaution) on 11 September 2025 while awaiting for the outcome of the application of nullity.
16) Paul Rejandra v. Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, ULC et al. (Ontario Human Rights Tribunal file no. 202562869-I). On August 26, 2025, Mr.Paul Rejandra (“Complainant”), filed a complaint with the Human Rights
Tribunal of Ontario against, notably, Subway Franchise Systems of Canada, ULC, claiming, notably, $42,000 in
damages and other non-monetary remedies, because a Subway® Franchisee’s employee allegedly acted in a
discriminatory manner during the Complainant’s visit at a Subway® restaurant. The Complainant alleges that the
Subway® Franchisee’s employee’s conduct allegedly violated the Ontario Human Rights Code and that Subway
breached its duty to accommodate the Complainant. The Complainant further alleges that he was, notably,
7

