C.
This Agreement shall terminate upon written notice to you if (for the avoidance of doubt,
the cure periods contained below in this sub-section C do not apply to sub-section B above):
1.
You or any of your owners fail(s) or refuse(s) to make payments of any amounts
due to us or our affiliates for Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, rents or other obligations
owed to us under any lease, purchases from us, our affiliates, suppliers, or vendors, or any other
amounts due to us or our affiliates, and do(es) not correct such failure or refusal within ten (10)
days after written notice of such failure is delivered to you;
2.
You or any of your affiliates or owners fail(s) to comply with any other agreement
with us or one of our affiliates and do(es) not correct such failure within the applicable time or cure
period, if any (if no such time or cure period is specified, then 30 days); or
3.
You or any of your owners fail(s) or refuse(s) to comply with any other provision
of this Agreement, or any specification, standard or operating procedure prescribed in the
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing by us, and do(es) not correct such failure
within thirty (30) days (or provide(s) proof acceptable to us that you, he or she has made all
reasonable efforts to correct such failure and will continue to make all reasonable efforts to cure
until a cure is effected if such failure cannot reasonably be corrected within 30 days) after written
notice of such failure to comply is delivered to you.
D.
To the extent that the provisions of this Agreement provide for periods of notice less than
those required by applicable law, or provide for termination, cancellation, non-renewal or the like other
than in accordance with applicable law, such provisions shall, to the extent such are not in accordance with
applicable law, not be effective, and we shall comply with applicable law in connection with each of these
matters.
E.
In addition to our right to terminate this Agreement, and not in lieu of such right or any
other rights against you, we, in the event that you shall not have cured a default under this Agreement within
the applicable cure period, may, at our option, enter upon the Premises and exercise complete authority
with respect to the operation of the Restaurant until such time as we determine that your default has been
cured and that there is compliance with the requirements of this Agreement. You specifically agree that a
designated representative of us may take over, control, and operate the Restaurant, and that you shall pay
us a service fee of not less than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per day plus all travel expenses, room and
board and other expenses reasonably incurred by such representative so long as it shall be required by the
representative to enforce compliance herewith. You further agree that if, as herein provided, we temporarily
operate the Restaurant for you, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless and any of our representatives
who may act hereunder, respecting any and all acts and omissions which we may perform, or fail to perform
as regards your interests or those of third parties.
F.
If this Agreement is terminated because of your default, or if it is terminated by you prior
to its expiration without cause, the parties agree that it would be difficult if not impossible to determine the
amount of damages that we would suffer due to the loss or interruption of the revenue stream we otherwise
would have derived from your continued payment of Royalty Fees and that SFAFT, the System or other
marketing fund(s) would have otherwise derived from your continued payment of Advertising
Contributions, less any cost savings, through the remainder of the Term until the scheduled expiration date
(“Damages”). Therefore, the parties agree that a reasonable estimate of the Damages is, and you agree to
pay us as compensation for the Damages, an amount equal to the then net present value of the Royalty Fees
and Advertising Contributions that would have become due from the date of termination to the third-year
anniversary of the date of termination. For this purpose, Damages shall be calculated based on Gross Sales
of the Restaurant for the most recent twelve (12) consecutive month period that the Restaurant operated. If
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

31

