their) personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. To the extent that this sub-section is deemed
unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area or length of time, but may be made enforceable by
reduction of either or both thereof, you and we agree that the same shall be enforced to the fullest extent
permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.
D.
For each unauthorized Association with a Competitive Business in violation of this Section,
you agree to pay us Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00) plus eight percent (8%) of its gross sales (using
the definition for calculating Royalty Fees in this Agreement), as being a reasonable pre-estimate of the
damages we will suffer. For each Competitive Business location for which we are unable to verify gross
sales in a timely manner, you will pay us a sum of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) and an
additional One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) for each subsequent year the Competitive
Business operates during the Term. You acknowledge and agree that the payment of such sum(s) is a good
faith pre-estimate of our damages from the loss of Royalty Fees and Advertising Contributions, and not a
penalty. You further agree that the payment of these sums would be insufficient to fully compensate us,
and that damages from such competition would be difficult to calculate. Accordingly, you stipulate that
any breach of this Section 19 would irreparably harm us, and that, notwithstanding the payment
requirements herein, we have a right to injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of Section 19.
E.

As used in this Agreement:

1.
“Competitive Business” means any business that operates, manages, franchises
or licenses restaurants or stores that derive more than twenty percent (20%) of its total gross revenue
from the sale of any type of sandwiches on any type of bread, including but not limited to sub rolls
and other bread rolls, sliced bread, pita bread, flat bread, and wraps, whether for on or off-premises
consumption, or via delivery or catering. The word “sandwiches” as used in the previous sentence
does not include hamburgers, hot dogs, burritos, or fried chicken sandwiches, and full-service
restaurants where customers are served by waitstaff and pay after eating, and Subway® Restaurants
operated under franchise agreements with us, are not Competitive Businesses. Examples (without
limitation) of Competitive Businesses as of the Agreement Date are the following chain restaurants:
D’Angelo Grilled Sandwiches, Jersey Mike’s Subs, Jimmy John’s, Firehouse Subs, Potbelly,
Togo’s, Which Wich Superior Sandwiches, Charley’s Philly Steaks, Penn Station East Coast Subs,
McAlister’s Deli, Pita Pit, Schlotzky’s, Cousin’s Subs, Capriotti’s, Quiznos, Jon Smith Subs, Erbert
& Gerbert’s, Lenny’s Grill & Subs, PrimoHoagies, Tubby’s Sub Shop, Blimpie’s, Super Sandwich,
Nardelli’s, DiBella’s, Deli Delicious, Groucho’s Deli, CHēBA Hut, Steak Escape, Miami Grill,
Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, and Great Wraps.
2.
“Association with a Competitive Business” means: 1) having any ownership
interest in or serving as director, officer, employee or other representative of a Competitive
Business; 2) advising or providing services, on a fee or no fee basis, to any individual or entity
engaging in a Competitive Business in a manner which imparts your knowledge of the System; 3)
loaning or otherwise providing money, inventory, equipment or supplies to any individual or entity
operating a Competitive Business; or 4) leasing, licensing or otherwise granting access to, or the
right to use, the property you control to anyone for the operation of a Competitive Business.
Association with a Competitive Business does not include your ownership of outstanding securities
of any corporation whose securities are publicly held and traded, provided that said securities are
held by you for investment purposes only and that your total holdings do not constitute more than
two percent (2%) of the outstanding securities of said corporation.
F.
We shall have the right to require all of your personnel performing managerial or
supervisory functions, all personnel receiving special training from us and all other personnel with access
to confidential information to execute a non-disclosure agreement in a form satisfactory to us.
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

26

