In a Court order dated May 26, 2021, the pre-trial judge of the Court of appeal decided that the appeal against the
intervening parties for the ruling of the Paris Commercial Court of October 13, 2020 was admissible but not the
appeal against the two interim rulings. On June 15, 2022, the collegiate body of the Paris Court of Appeal followed
SIBV’s and SROF’s argumentation and ruled that all appeals of SIBV and SROF were admissible against all the
parties (including the intervening parties) and all rulings of the Paris Commercial Court (the two preliminary
rulings and the ruling on the merits).
In July 2022, SIBV and SROF entered into settlement discussions with the intervening parties in order to put an
amicable and definitive end to their dispute. As of April 2024, a settlement agreement has been reached between
SIBV, SROF and most of the intervening parties, which therefore withdrew their appeal before the Paris Court of
Appeal and their claims on the merits before the Paris Commercial Court. Only four ex franchisees have
maintained their claims against SIBV and SROF.
For the franchisees that settled, the material terms of the various settlement agreements include the respective
franchisee agreeing to withdraw from the proceedings and waive in full all past, present and future claims against
SIBV and SROF, and in certain cases, SIBV agreed to make a payment to, or waive of past debts of, the respective
franchisees.
At the same time, SIBV and SROF also entered into negotiations with the DIRECCTE in July 2022 and in March
2024, SIBV, SROF and DIRECCTE signed a settlement agreement putting an amicable and definitive end to their
dispute. In the settlement agreement, the parties agreed to withdraw from the proceedings before the Paris Court
of Appeal. In addition, the Parties agreed that SIBV (1) will pay DIRECCTE €450,000 as final settlement
indemnity; (2) acquiesced to the ruling rendered by the Paris Commercial Court on October 13, 2020 (except for
the fine of €500,000) (3) will continue to use a standard franchise agreement that is compliant with an agreed
template and applicable French law; and (4) will further amend the Operations Manual in relation to restaurant
opening hours and procedure for opening new restaurants.
The dispute between SIBV and SROF, on the one hand and (i) the intervening parties who have settled and (ii)
the DIRECCTE, on the other hand, is now settled. Therefore the dispute will continue only with the eleven ex
franchisees (one original ex-franchisee and ten new claimants who filed their claims on 13 October 2025) who
are still in the proceedings and the debate before the Paris Court of Appeal will focus exclusively on the
admissibility of their claims. If the Paris Court of Appeal follows SIBV and SROF’s argumentation on the
inadmissibility of their claims and if they do not appeal before the French Court of cassation, the Paris Commercial
Court should follow and dismiss their claims for damages. If, on the contrary, the Paris Court of Appeal confirms
the admissibility of their claims, the debate before the Paris Commercial Court will focus on the merits of their
claims.
2) Alfredo Núñez, Rodrigo Montealegre, and SERALI RD, S.R.L., Plaintiffs v. Subway International B.V., Cynthia
Eadie, and Jorge Barillas, Defendants (District Attorney’s Office of the National District, Dominican Republic).
Plaintiffs, former franchise owners, requested the District Attorney of the National District to file a formal
accusation against Defendants on grounds of violating article 21 of Law No. 6132 on Expression and
Dissemination of Thought and Article 21 of Law No. 53-07 on High Technology Crimes and Offenses. Plaintiffs
allege that they lost sales and were harmed by publications made on social media by Defendants indicating that
Plaintiffs are not authorized Subway® operators, which they claim is false. Plaintiffs requested criminal sanctions
of preventive detention of Cynthia Eadie and Jorge Barillas, one-year imprisonment and a fine of five hundred
times the minimum wage. Plaintiffs also request damages of $30,000,000 DOP for losses and $10,000,000 DOP
for compensation of material and moral damages in favor of the Plaintiffs. Defendants deny the Plaintiff’s claims.
On February 4, 2021 the District Attorney notified parties of its decision to dismiss the Plaintiffs’ Complaint. On
September 16, 2021, Plaintiffs filed an objection before a Pre-Trial Court. This objection was rejected by the PreTrial Court on May 26, 2022. On August 10, 2022, Plaintiffs appealed before the Criminal Court of Appeal. This
appeal was rejected on November 18, 2022. On December 20, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a constitution revision remedy
against the Constitutional Court. Through Judicial Bulletin No. 88/23 dated December 27, 2023, an executive
summary of the Constitutional Court's decision was published, which states that the Constitutional Court has ruled
in favor of SIBV, rejecting Plaintiff’s motion of unconstitutionality. We are waiting for this final decision to be
published to close the matter.
2

