Under the School Lunch Program, we will franchise (1) a school system directly, (2) an institutional food service
provider, or (3) an existing individual Subway® franchisee, to operate a Subway® restaurant located in a school.
You must open your school location within 6 months after you sign your school lunch Franchise Agreement. If you are
not the school board, school district, or municipality controlling the school location, within 6 months after you sign your
Franchise Agreement you must sign a contract, license, or lease, giving you the right to operate the restaurant, or your
Franchise Agreement will automatically terminate. You must identify a location for the school lunch restaurant and
your proposed operation plan before you sign the Franchise Agreement. The term of the Franchise Agreement for a
school lunch location is a period of 5 years, with the right for additional 5-year renewals, with no renewal fee. If you
are an individual franchisee, you must establish the restaurant in the school as a satellite location.
Under the Community Development Program, franchisees may establish franchises within facilities operated by
organizations or individuals that offer support services within the community in which they are located. Examples of
these facilities include places of worship, shelters, halfway homes, rehabilitation centers, community centers, and
disaster relief centers. Your restaurant must be operated with the intent of providing job training to individuals with
barriers to employment. You must identify a location for your restaurant and your proposed operation plan before you
sign the Franchise Agreement.
Refund Policy. We do not refund any of the initial franchise fees except as stated above or under the following
circumstances: 1) you purchase a franchise for a location where we will allow you to enter into a lease or license directly
with the landlord and we do not grant final approval of the location within 90 days after you sign the Franchise
Agreement; or 2) you purchase a franchise for a dual location test site and you do not obtain a Sublease or Sublicense
in accordance with our requirements. In either case, we may dismiss you from the training program, cancel your
franchise agreement and refund one-half of your franchise fee.
***********
Other Initial Fees
The following table and notes describe various other initial fees:
Type of Fee
Extension Fee1

Amount
$1,000

Description
If you sign the standard Franchise Agreement, you will have 12 months to open
your restaurant or Franchise Agreement will expire. You may request in
writing, and we may grant you in writing an extension to open your restaurant.
You will pay to us the extension fee and will sign our then-current form of
Franchise Agreement.

Location Fees,
Deposits and
Rent2

$2,000 - $12,000

If you enter into a Sublease for the premises you will pay our affiliate $50 as a
non-refundable fee for administrative costs to record the master lease. In
addition, you will be responsible for all other costs we incur to record the
master lease, including but not limited to, recording fees, recording taxes,
conveyance fees and conveyance taxes. We estimate that these costs may range
from $50 to $2,500, depending upon your state and local laws. These fees are
non-refundable.
You must pay a deposit of 2 months' rent when you sign the Intent to Sublease,
representing one month's rent and one month's security deposit. We estimate
that the security deposit will cost approximately $2,000 to $12,000. If you are
required to sign a Sublicense for the location, you may be required to pay an
advancement fee when you sign the Intent to Sublicense. If the landlord does
not require the security deposit, we or our designee will return the money to
you.

26

