You may not sell, transfer, or assign a franchise you purchase at a reduced fee unless you sell it in conjunction with an
open and operating restaurant associated with that franchise. We may change the amount of the initial franchise fee,
including eliminating or reducing the discount.
Note 3:
If any of these representations are not true when your restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant
evaluation), you agree to pay the full initial franchise fee. If we do not approve your location within 90 days after you
sign the Franchise Agreement, we may cancel your Franchise Agreement and refund your initial franchise fee.
Note 4:
If you own an oil company or convenience store/gas station chain which meets our current qualifications regarding
number of locations or net worth and you convert an existing sandwich shop business you created, own, and operate at
your facility into a Subway® restaurant, we will waive the initial franchise fee.
To qualify to purchase additional franchises for non-traditional locations at the reduced franchise fee, the Subway®
restaurants you operate must be in substantial compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual), and you must follow
all operating policies and procedures for the other chain at the location where you will establish your restaurant. There
must also be no material defaults under any of your Franchise Agreements with us.
Note 5:
We may refund the satellite franchise fee if we terminate the Franchise Agreement after 90 days because we or our
designated affiliate does not obtain a lease or license for the premises which contains basic economic terms (for example
rent, square footage, and length of term), previously consented to by you, and offer you a Sublease or Sublicense.
However, this refund will not be issued if: 1) you fail to sign a Sublease or Sublicense that was previously consented to
which contains basic economic terms; 2) if it is your fault we disapprove the location or we cannot obtain the lease or
license; or 3) you attend training and receive a copy of the Operations Manual in electronic form. The term of the
Satellite Franchise Agreement will be from the date of the Franchise Agreement until the expiration or termination of
the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, with the right for additional 20-year renewals in line with the Base Restaurant
Franchise Agreement term.
Note 6:
The term of the Franchise Agreement for a short-term satellite location is 1 year or less from the date of the Franchise
Agreement Rider or until the termination or expiration of the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, whichever occurs
sooner. If your Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement has not expired, you may renew the short-term satellite location
for an additional 1 year term for a renewal fee of $1,000.
Note 7:
If, with our approval, you choose to convert your satellite to a full restaurant and terminate your Franchise Agreement
for the satellite, we may credit the initial franchise fee you paid. We will not allow credit for expired or terminated
Franchise Agreements for the satellite. To qualify for the credit, you must be in substantial compliance (as defined in
the Operations Manual) and you must comply with any necessary upgrades or additional requirements to establish a full
restaurant at the satellite location.
***********
Any of the fee arrangements described in this Item 5 may be modified or discontinued from time to time in our sole
discretion.
We do not charge an initial franchise fee for our School Lunch Program or the Community Development Program. We
do not charge an initial franchise fee if you purchase an existing restaurant as a transfer, but you or the transferor must
pay the transfer fee.
25

