us by law, in addition to our other rights under this Agreement and at law. If a third-party lender requires
that we subordinate our security interest in the assets of the Restaurant as a condition to lending you working
capital for the operation of the Restaurant, we will agree to subordinate only pursuant to a subordination
agreement or inter-creditor agreement with such lender that we approve in our reasonable discretion.
B.
Injunctive Relief. We may enforce by judicial process any provision of this Agreement,
including our right to terminate this Agreement. You and your affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and
owners agree to entry without bond of temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctions and orders of
specific performance enforcing any of the provisions of this Agreement. If we secure any such injunctions
or order of specific performance, you further agree to pay to us an amount equal to the aggregate of our
costs of obtaining any such relief including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs of
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses, and
any damages incurred by us as a result of any breach. You agree that we may seek such relief from any
court of competent jurisdiction in addition to such further or other relief as may be available to us at law or
in equity.
C.
Severability and Substitution of Valid Provisions. All provisions of this Agreement are
severable, and this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or unenforceable
provisions were not contained herein and partially valid and enforceable provisions shall be enforced to the
extent valid and enforceable. To the extent that any covenant restricting ownership of a Competitive
Business herein is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area or length of time, but may
be made enforceable by reductions of either or both thereof, you and we agree that same shall be enforced
to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater prior
notice of the termination of or refusal to renew this Agreement than is required hereunder or the taking of
some other action not required hereunder, or if under any applicable and binding law or rule of any
jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure
prescribed by us is invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action required by such law or
rule shall be substituted for the notice requirements hereof, or such invalid or unenforceable provision,
specification, standard or operating procedure shall be modified to the extent required to be valid and
enforceable. Such modifications to this Agreement shall be effective only in such jurisdiction and shall be
enforced as originally made and entered into in all other jurisdictions.
D.
Waiver of Obligations. You and we may by written instrument only unilaterally waive
any obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement. No acceptance by us of any payment
by you or any other person or entity and no failure, refusal or neglect of us or you to exercise any right
under this Agreement or to insist upon full compliance by the other with its obligations hereunder, including
without limitation, any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure, shall constitute a waiver
of any provision of this Agreement.
E.
Franchisee May Not Withhold Payments Due Franchisor. You agree that you will not
withhold payment of any amounts owed to us, on grounds of the alleged nonperformance by us of any of
our obligations hereunder.
F.
Rights of Parties are Cumulative. Your and our rights hereunder are cumulative and no
exercise or enforcement by you or us of any right or remedy hereunder shall preclude the exercise or
enforcement by you or us of any other right or remedy hereunder or which you or us is entitled by law to
enforce.
G.
Waiver of Punitive, Exemplary and Consequential Damages and Jury Trial.
EXCEPT FOR YOUR OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY US FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS
UNDER SECTION 20, YOU AND WE HEREBY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO OR CLAIM FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR

