If you default under the provisions of the Contract, including the failure to pay monies owed to AAFES under the
Contract, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement. AAFES may terminate the Contract at any time. Your
compensation for termination is limited to the remaining unamortized value of improvements for the balance of the
term. Upon termination of expiration of the Contract, all accounts must be settled promptly with AAFES. All disputes
under the Contract are subject to the Contracts Disputes Act of 1978 and must be resolved in accordance with the
procedures specified in the Act and the Contract.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
The leasing or extension procedures vary or may not apply under our programs for purchase of a specific location or
a non-traditional location under the Satellite Rider, Franchise Agreement Riders, School Lunch Rider, Specific
Location Rider, Short Term Satellite Rider, or the AAFES Rider. Under the AAFES Rider, you must open the
restaurant within the time provided in the Contract. We will not grant you any extensions.
You may be required to obtain approval from AAFES as well, for any advertising material you develop. In any
advertising materials that refer to AAFES, you must include a statement that the advertising material was neither paid
for nor sponsored, in whole or in part, by AAFES.
Computer and Cash Register Systems:
You may be required under the Contract to receive approval from AAFES for any POS system hardware and
software you use in the restaurant.
Item 12
TERRITORY
If you establish your restaurant at an AAFES location, you may relocate the restaurant to another site, provided you
are not in default of the Franchise Agreement or the terms of the Contract, if the Contract with AAFES terminates or
expires. You are responsible for paying all costs of the relocation and for the construction and opening of the new
location. In addition, if you are relocating to a site that is not covered under the Contract, the AAFES Rider will be
of no further force and effect except the obligations of the Contract which continue after the termination or expiration
of the subcontract for the location.
We issue franchises for cities or towns, and not for specific locations, except satellite, certain non-traditional, location
selection program and AAFES location franchises are issued for specific identified locations.
You may also be required to obtain approval from AAFES for any such advertising materials.
If you establish the restaurant at an AAFES location, you assume the risks associated with base re-alignments and/or
closures which may reduce the number of available guests and decrease sales.
Item 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
You must operate your restaurant in accordance with the Operations Manual and the Contract as they are revised.
Item 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

7

