[Option Two: Limited Collateral] As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and
performance when due of this Note and Agreement, the Maker(s) hereby grant(s) to the Holder a security
interest in all Equipment of Maker(s) used in connection with the Franchise Agreement of the Maker(s) and
all of the rights of the Maker(s) but none of the obligations in the related Franchise Agreement, now owned
or at any time hereafter acquired by the Maker(s) or in which the Maker(s) now has/have or at any time in
the future may acquire any right, title or interest, wherever located or situated and however defined or
classified under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of
Connecticut (collectively, the “Collateral”). For purposes hereof, capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time
in effect in the State of Connecticut. Upon the written request of the Holder, and at the sole expense of the
Maker(s), the Maker(s) will promptly and duly execute and deliver such further instruments and documents
and take such further action as the Holder may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving
the full benefits of this section and of the rights and powers herein granted, including the filing of any
financing or continuation statements under the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in any jurisdiction with
respect to the security interest created hereby. The Maker(s) also hereby authorize(s) the Holder to file any
such financing or continuation statement.
12. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege
preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. The provisions of this
Note and Agreement are severable, and if any provision shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or
in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any manner affect such
provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of this Note and Agreement in any jurisdiction.
13. Each Maker hereby waives the benefits of division and discussion, presentment for payment, demand and
notice of non-payment, protest and notice of protest of this Note and Agreement.
14. This Note and Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the
State of Connecticut, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would
result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. This Note and Agreement shall not be
interpreted or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Note and Agreement to be
drafted.
15. This Note and Agreement shall be binding upon each of the Makers and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and the terms hereof shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns.
This Note and Agreement may not be transferred or sold, or pledged, hypothecated or otherwise granted as
security by the Makers. Holder may assign its right and obligations under this Note and Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Makers.
16. Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be in writing and given in accordance with the terms of the Makers’ Franchise Agreements.
17. This Note and Agreement may not be modified or amended in any manner except in writing executed by
the Makers and the Holder.
18. [Optional: Guarantor] In consideration of proceeds derived from the aforementioned Business Developer
Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the undersigned guarantor (the “Guarantor”) further represents and warrants to the Holder
that the Guarantor is benefited, directly or indirectly, by the Maker entering into this Note and Agreement.
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably, unconditionally and absolutely guarantees to the Holder the prompt and
complete payment when due and upon demand in writing from the Holder to the Guarantor at the address
set forth herein, of any and all amounts payable by the Maker to the Holder arising out of or in connection
5

