operate within forty-five (45) days after taking occupancy of the Premises. Subtenant understands
that the success, if any, of a Subway® restaurant operating in conjunction with another approved
concept franchised by a third-party franchisor is the responsibility of Subtenant, and Subtenant
also acknowledges that representations of sales or earnings have not been made to them by the
employees or agents of the third-party franchisor, as to this or any other location. If at any time
during the term of this Sublease, Subtenant’s franchise agreement with the third-party franchisor
is terminated, Sublandlord may authorize Subtenant in writing to operate on the Premises an
approved concept franchised by another third-party franchisor.
5.2

Repairs and Maintenance. Subtenant shall, at all times during the Term, at its own cost and
expense, put, keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and personal property located on it
in good order and condition, subject to reasonable wear and tear, and subject to all applicable
terms of this Article 5, shall make all necessary and desirable repairs, restorations and
replacements thereof, structural and nonstructural, foreseen or unforeseen (hereinafter
collectively called “Repairs”), and shall use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste, damage
and injury.
In the event that Subtenant fails or neglects to make all necessary Repairs or fulfill its other
obligations as set forth above, Sublandlord or its agents may enter the Premises for the purpose
of making such Repairs or fulfilling those obligations. All reasonable costs and expenses
incurred as a consequence of Sublandlord’s action shall be repaid by Subtenant to Sublandlord
within fifteen (15) days after Subtenant receives copies of receipts showing payment by
Sublandlord for such Repairs or other obligations. These receipts shall be prima facie evidence
of the payment of the charges paid by Sublandlord.

5.3

Build-Out and Alterations. Sublandlord may terminate this Sublease on ten (10) days’ written
notice and Sublandlord may offer this location to another franchisee if: a) Subtenant does not
commence construction of the Premises within seven (7) days after obtaining occupancy from
Master Landlord by expeditiously ordering its equipment, submitting all necessary funds, and
making application for required permits and licenses; or b) Subtenant does not complete the
build-out of the restaurant and then open the restaurant within forty-five (45) days after
occupancy from Master Landlord. In such an event, Subtenant understands that the security
deposit referred to in Section 3.4 will not be refunded.
Subtenant agrees that it will at its own cost and expense make such reasonable alterations to the
interior or exterior of the Premises as may reasonably be requested by Sublandlord from time to
time in order to modify the appearance of the Premises to reflect the then current image of the
Subway® brand. Subtenant shall not at any time make any alteration, change, addition or
improvement (hereinafter collectively called “Alterations”) in or to the interior or exterior of the
Premises without the prior written consent of Sublandlord. In the event consent is given:
5.3.1

the Alterations shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner at Subtenant’s
sole expense, and shall not weaken or impair the structural strength or lessen the value
of the Premises, or change the purpose for which the Premises may be used;

5.3.2

the Alterations shall be made according to plans and specifications therefor, which shall
be first submitted to and approved in writing by Sublandlord, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned;

5.3.3

before the commencement of work on any Alterations, such plans and specifications
shall, if necessary, be approved by all governmental authorities having jurisdiction;
7

04/25 amended 12/25

