that the First Partial Final Award was final. On October 14, 2024, SFSC filed a motion to dismiss the petition
because it is not a final award. On June 9, 2025, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York denied the BDA’s petition for confirmation, recognition, and enforcement of arbitral award because the First
Partial Final Award was not final. On July 7, 2025, the Arbitrator rendered a Second Partial Final Award. On
August 8, 2025, the Arbitrator rendered an Order vacating all orders and partial final awards, and she terminated
the arbitration without costs to any party. On July 29, 2025, the Alberta Court of King’s Bench dismissed the
King’s Bench Action without cost to either party. On July 25, 2025, the Parties settled the dispute in consideration
for the payment by SFSC of $45,350,000 CAD. The settlement was without any admission of liability whatsoever
in relation to the BDA’s allegations.
45) Subway Realty Pty Ltd, Claimant v. Vikram Kosaraju and Dharmesh Kumar Patel, Respondents v. Subway
Systems Australia Pty Ltd, Respondent by Counterclaim (Magistrates Court of Queensland, Brisbane Registry,
No. 1256/22). On 13 July 2022, the Claimant filed a Claim and Statement of Claim against the Respondents for
recovery of monies. The Claimant renewed the Claim on 13 July 2024. Claimant alleges it paid monies to the
Head-Landlord to settle the Head-Lease after the Respondents abandoned the premises. On 4 April 2025, the
Respondents filed a Defence and Counterclaim joining Subway Systems Australia Pty Ltd to the proceeding and
alleging that neither Subway Realty Pty Ltd nor Subway Systems Australia Pty Ltd have acted in good faith, are
in breach of the Franchise Agreement and Franchising Code of Conduct and are claiming damages for loss.The
parties agreed to terms of settlement and on 31 July 2025 the proceedings were discontinued.
46) Ethan Golf v. Doctor’s Associates LLC (American Arbitration Association, Case #01-23-004-7905). On October
20, 2023, the Claimant, Business Developer (“BD”) Ethan Golf, filed an arbitration against the Respondent,
Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”) claiming Respondent wrongfully took actions to eliminate him as a BD from
the Subway® system in violation of his BD Contract. The claims involve alleged deception concerning the
extension of his contract and adding his daughter to his contract, Third Party Restaurant Evaluations, alleged
failure to pay bonuses, alleged wrongful deduction of expenses from his cost sharing, alleged failure to respond
to the need for product innovation, and alleged unlawful retaliation for refusing to give up his contract. The
Claimant alleges breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, Violation of
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, Contractual Indemnity, Promissory Estoppel, Violation of
the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. In addition to Damages, Attorney’s Fees and Interest, the Claimant
seeks declaratory relief, including that the contract is subject to the Washington Franchise Investment Protection
Act and an Order that requires Respondent to comply with its provisions. Respondent denied all allegations and,
on November 29, 2023, filed Affirmative Defenses and Demand for Attorney’s fees if it is determined that the
Washington Franchise Practices Act does not apply. On August 12, 2024, the Claimant and Respondent entered
into a confidential Settlement, Sale, Assignment and Release Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
the termination of the BD Contract and DAL paid Claimant $2,000,000. On August 29, 2024, Claimant and
Respondent jointly withdrew all claims in the arbitration with prejudice.
47) Yogesh A. Bhatt and Mehboob M. Lakhpaty v. Doctor’s Associates LLC (American Arbitration Association Case
#01-23-0001-3594). On March 31, 2023, the Claimant Franchisees Yogesh A. Bhatt and Mehboob M. Lakhpaty
filed for arbitration alleging the Respondent, Doctor’s Associates, LLC (“DAL”) and its affiliate, Subway Real
Estate, LLC wrongfully failed to renew the Lease and caused them to lose the location of one of their restaurants,
causing it to close. Claimants further allege that DAL wrongfully allowed a new location in the closed restaurant’s
space which negatively impacted two of their existing Restaurants nearby. Claimants allege Breach of Contract,
breach of Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Breach of Sublease, Negligent Misrepresentation, Violation
of Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, Violation of Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act, and seeks
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, interest, punitive damages, and reasonable attorney’s fees. On April
21, 2023, Respondent filed its Answer denying the allegations, along with Affirmative and Other Defenses, and
Counterclaims. In its Counterclaims, Respondent claims breach of Contract for Lost Royalties and Advertising
due to improper closure, and injunctive relief and seeks money damages and interest. On May 16, 2024, the
Claimant and Respondent entered into a confidential Settlement and Release Agreement pursuant to which each
party agreed to dismiss their arbitration claims, DAL paid Claimant $125,000 and granted Claimants $125,000 in
transfer fee waivers for 18 months. On May 28, 2024, Claimant and Respondent jointly withdrew all claims in the
arbitration with prejudice.

16

