employees, including recruiting, hiring, firing, training, compensation, work hours and schedules, work
assignments, safety and security, discipline, and supervision. You agree to manage the employment
functions of your Restaurant in full compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws.
F.
You agree, at your sole cost and at all times, to indemnify and hold us and our subsidiaries
and affiliates, together with each of their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents and
assignees, harmless against, and to reimburse them for, any loss, liability, taxes or damages (actual or
consequential) and all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
accountants’, attorneys’ and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other
litigation expenses and travel and living expenses incurred in connection with any judicial, administrative
or other action or proceeding (including bankruptcy, insolvency, debtor/creditor or similar proceedings),
suit, claim, demand, investigation, or formal or informal inquiry, regardless of whether any of the foregoing
is reduced to judgment) that any of them may suffer, sustain or incur by reason of defending any claim
brought against any of them or any action in which any of them is named as a party that arises from or is
related to your operation of the Restaurant or your activities related thereto or your activities under this
Agreement. We and each such other indemnified party may, in our discretion and at your expense, control
the defense of any claim against us or an indemnified party (including choosing and retaining our own legal
counsel), agree to settlements of claims against us or an indemnified party, and take any other remedial,
corrective, or other actions in response to such claims. This indemnity shall continue in full force and effect
subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
21.

Insurance.

A.
During the Term, you must maintain in force at your sole expense property coverage,
comprehensive general liability coverage (including products and completed operations), worker’s
compensation, business auto liability, and other types of insurance we require in the Confidential
Operations Manual or as otherwise set forth in writing, including without limitation insurance required by
the Sublease (or other approved lease agreement) and state law. You must purchase your business insurance
from a source designated under our Gold Standard Insurance Program or any subsequent insurance program
of ours, unless we allow otherwise in writing. All insurance policies must contain the minimum coverage
we prescribe from time to time in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing and must
have deductibles not to exceed the amounts we specify. We may periodically increase the amounts of
coverage required under these insurance policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverages
(including reasonable excess liability insurance) at any time to reflect inflation, identification of new risks,
changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards or other relevant changes in circumstances,
and you agree to comply with any changes to our insurance requirements promptly and at your sole expense.
These insurance policies must be purchased from an insurance company satisfactory to us and each liability
coverage policy must name us, our affiliates (including without limitation SFAFT), and our and their
respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents, as well as (if applicable) your BD and
landlord (collectively, the “Additional Insureds”) as additional insureds, with primary non-contributory
coverage, using a form of endorsement that we have approved. If available from the insurer, all insurance
policies must provide for thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to us of a policy’s material modification,
cancellation or expiration. Each insurance policy must contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us,
our affiliates and their successors and assigns. You routinely (at all times we require in our business
judgment) must furnish us copies of your Certificates of Insurance or other evidence of your maintaining
all then-required insurance coverage and the payment of all premiums. If you fail or refuse to obtain and
maintain the insurance we specify, in addition to our other remedies including without limitation
termination, we may (but need not) obtain such insurance for you and the Restaurant on your behalf, in
which event you shall cooperate with us and reimburse us for all premiums, costs and expenses we incur in
obtaining and maintaining the insurance, plus a reasonable fee for our time incurred in obtaining such
insurance.
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

28

