8.9

Independent Rights. The rights and remedies of Subconcessionor are distinct, separate and
cumulative, and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Subconcessionor, shall be deemed
to be to the exclusion of any of the others.

8.10 Non-Waiver. The failure of Subconcessionor to insist upon strict performance of any of
Subconcessionaire’s obligations under this Subconcession Agreement shall not be deemed a
waiver of any rights or remedies that Subconcessionor may have and shall not be deemed a
waiver of any subsequent breach or default by Subconcessionaire. The exercise of any of
Subconcessionor’s options under the Subconcession Agreement shall not be deemed to be the
exclusive remedy of Subconcessionor.
8.11 Waiver of Exemption from Distress. Subconcessionaire agrees that notwithstanding anything
contained in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or
of any other jurisdiction, none of the personal property located on the Premises shall be exempt
from levy for distress for Concession Fees in arrears, and that if Subconcessionaire makes any
claim for such an exemption, this Subconcession Agreement may be pleaded as an estoppel
against Subconcessionaire in any appropriate action.
8.12 Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Subconcession Agreement to the
contrary, this Subconcession Agreement is conditioned upon the faithful performance by
Subconcessionaire of the Franchise Agreement, and a default in the terms of the Franchise
Agreement shall be a default of this Subconcession Agreement.
9

NO CONCESSION FEE ABATEMENT

Unless specifically provided in this Subconcession Agreement, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of
Concession Fees, Additional Concession Fees, Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed
by or allowed to Subconcessionaire, or any persons claiming under Subconcessionaire, under any
circumstances, whether for inconvenience, discomfort, interruption of business, or otherwise.
10 CONDEMNATION
In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation proceedings or by exercise of any
right of eminent domain, Subconcessionaire shall have no right to participate in any condemnation
proceedings and shall not have the right to any award, and Subconcessionor may terminate this
Subconcession Agreement upon written notice to Subconcessionaire.
11 SUBORDINATION
This Subconcession Agreement shall be fully subordinate to any mortgage and/or collateral assignment of
lease against the Premises that Master Concessionor, the fee owner, Subconcessionor and/or their assigns
has or subsequently obtains upon the Premises. This Subconcession Agreement shall be fully subordinate
and subject to the Master Concession Agreement and any senior lease now, or hereafter affecting the
Premises.
Subconcessionaire hereby grants a power of attorney to Subconcessionor with full power to act as its
attorney in fact and to execute on behalf of Subconcessionaire any and all documents that may be required
by a mortgagee and/or assignee evidencing Subconcessionaire’s full subordination of Subconcessionaire’s
interest to any mortgage and/or collateral assignment of Subconcession Agreement that may be entered into
by Subconcessionor, Master Concessionor, the fee owner or their assigns. Subconcessionaire hereby agrees
to execute, without charging Subconcessionor, any and all documents that it is requested to execute to
evidence this subordination. However, Subconcessionaire shall not be required to execute any promissory
13

