or it was not our fault or SRL’s fault that TTTSM terminated the Master Sublease or Sublease, we and SRL will have no
obligation to you for such termination.
Add to Advertising Fee:
If your restaurant is co-branded with an AUNTIE ANNE’S® store, you will pay to us weekly a fee equal to 12½% of gross
sales for all AUNTIE ANNE’S® product sold. We will deposit 3% of this amount into SFAFT. In the future, we may alter
the distribution of these funds.
Item 12
TERRITORY
You will be permitted to relocate your Co-Branded Location to another Walmart or non-traditional location upon our and
Auntie Anne’s, Inc. written consent. If Auntie Anne’s, Inc. does not consent to your request to relocate the Co-Branded
Location, Auntie Anne’s, Inc. shall grant you the right to terminate your AA franchise agreement in accordance with their
termination procedures. We may then allow you to relocate the Restaurant and the Co-Brand Location Rider will have no
further force effect. If you signed the Walmart Location Rider in conjunction with the Co-Brand Location Rider and you
relocate the restaurant to a location that is not within a Walmart store, the Walmart Location Rider will also have no further
force or effect. You will abide by the terms of the Franchise Agreement without any modification by the Walmart Location
Rider.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Add the following at the end of the first paragraph of Item 17:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider (Exhibit A-5).
Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item h:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subparagraph II.k.

If your Franchise Agreement with us terminates or expires, or for any other
reason you cease to operate the Restaurant at the Co-Branded Location,
you will also cease to operate the AUNTIE ANNE’S® portion of the CoBranded Location and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. will allow you to terminate
your AA Franchise Agreement.

Add the following at the end of Item m.:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subparagraph II.g.

You will not transfer or assign any interest in your Franchise Agreement
or in the Restaurant unless you simultaneously transfer your same interest
in the AA Franchise Agreement and the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store you
operate under your AA Franchise Agreement. If Auntie Anne’s, Inc. does
not consent to your request to transfer, Auntie Anne’s, Inc. shall grant you
the right to terminate your AA Franchise Agreement.

Add the following new entry after the last paragraph in Item n.:
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider Subparagraph II.k.

You agree our right of first refusal under this Agreement to purchase the
Restaurant includes the right to purchase the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store
you operate in combination with the Restaurant.

5

