E.
In addition to our right to terminate this Agreement, and not in lieu of such right or any
other rights against you, we, in the event that you shall not have cured a default under this Agreement within
the applicable cure period, may, at our option, enter upon the applicable Premises and exercise complete
authority with respect to the operation of the Restaurant until such time as we determine that your default
has been cured and that there is compliance with the requirements of this Agreement. You specifically agree
that a designated representative of us may take over, control, and operate the Restaurant, and that you shall
pay us a service fee of not less than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per day per Restaurant plus all travel
expenses, room and board and other expenses reasonably incurred by such representative so long as it shall
be required by the representative to enforce compliance herewith. You further agree that if, as herein
provided, we temporarily operate the Restaurant for you, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless and
any of our representatives who may act hereunder, respecting any and all acts and omissions which we may
perform, or fail to perform as regards your interests or those of third parties.
F.
If this Agreement is terminated because of your default, or if it is terminated by you prior
to its expiration without cause (including if it is terminated as it applies to any Restaurant but remains in
effect for other Restaurants), the parties agree that it would be difficult if not impossible to determine the
amount of damages that we would suffer due to the loss or interruption of the revenue stream we otherwise
would have derived from your continued payment of Royalty Fees and that SFAFT, the System or other
marketing fund(s) would have otherwise derived from your continued payment of Advertising
Contributions, less any cost savings, through the remainder of the Term until the scheduled expiration date
(“Damages”). Therefore, the parties agree that a reasonable estimate of the Damages is, and you agree to
pay us as compensation for the Damages, an amount equal to the then net present value of the Royalty Fees
and Advertising Contributions that would have become due from the date of termination to the third-year
anniversary of the date of termination. For this purpose, Damages shall be calculated based on Gross Sales
of the Restaurant for the most recent twelve (12) consecutive month period that the Restaurant operated. If
you have not operated the Restaurant for at least twelve (12) consecutive months preceding the termination
date, Damages will be calculated based on the average monthly Gross Sales of all Subway® Restaurants in
the United States during our last fiscal year. You and we agree that the calculation described in this Section
is a calculation only of the Damages and that nothing herein shall preclude or limit us from proving and
recovering any other damages caused by your breach of the Agreement.
G.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for avoidance of doubt, for all
purposes in connection with a Bankruptcy Event, the amount necessary to “cure” any default under this
Agreement for purposes of 11 U.S.C. §365 (or similar provision) shall include but not be limited to any
amounts due and owing by you to us or our affiliates for Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, rents or
other obligations owed to us under any lease, purchases from us, our affiliates, suppliers, or vendors, or any
other amounts due to us or our affiliates.
23.
Post-Term Rights and Duties. Upon termination or expiration (including upon termination or
expiration as this Agreement applies to any one Restaurant), this Agreement and all rights granted
hereunder to you shall forthwith terminate either in their entirety or as applied to a specific Restaurant, as
the case may be, and:
A.
You shall immediately cease to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement, and shall not
thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold yourself out as a present or former franchisee
of us.
B.
You shall cancel any permits, licenses, registrations, certifications or other consents
required for leasing, constructing, or operating the Restaurant. If you fail to do so within a reasonable time,
we are authorized to cancel them for you.

