EXHIBIT A-6-1
NEXCOM DAL 04/25 amended 12/25
NEXCOM ADDENDUM TO THE DAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as
Required by the Federal Trade Commission” dated and coded DAL April 25, 2025, amended September 4, 2025,
and amended December 1, 2025 (the “Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”, “we”,
or “us”). This NEXCOM Addendum must be given to you together with the Disclosure Document, the form of
Franchise Agreement and the NEXCOM Rider.
Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
In some circumstances, we may allow you to establish a satellite location in a non-traditional location, including
a military base location, and you must also sign the Franchise Agreement Rider or the NEXCOM Rider, as
applicable. Please note that the Franchise Agreement Rider or NEXCOM Rider will amend and supplement the
Franchise Agreement including any provisions modified by the Satellite Rider.
Military Base Locations:
On February 26, 2008, we entered into a license agreement assigned number #N00250-08-D-0013 (the "License
Agreement") with the Navy Exchange Service Command (“NEXCOM”) to establish and sublicense others to
establish Subway® restaurants at certain locations owned, managed or under the control of NEXCOM (“Naval
Exchange locations” or “NEXCOM locations”). Under the terms of the License Agreement, we will enter into a
sublicense with you for the right to establish a Subway® restaurant at a Naval Exchange location. The sublicense
will be in the form of the NEXCOM Rider to the Franchise Agreement, which amends the standard form of
Franchise Agreement. The License Agreement as amended by any modifications of contract, delivery orders or
task orders (collectively the “Modifications of Contract”), is attached to the NEXCOM Rider and is specifically
incorporated into the Franchise Agreement. The NEXCOM Rider provides a pass-through of the costs and
obligations of the License Agreement to you, including any Modifications of Contract. In some circumstances,
we may allow you to contract directly with NEXCOM. In the future, we may change the form of sublicense, and
you will be required to enter into our current form of sublicense as of the date you sign the sublicense.
The License Agreement has been and will continue to be amended through additional Modifications of Contract
and you are required to abide by any such modifications to the License Agreement applicable to your restaurant
as they are issued throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.
You should review the License Agreement, including any Modifications of Contract together with the Franchise
Agreement and NEXCOM Rider carefully, and you may want to review these documents with a lawyer.
NEXCOM reserves the right to terminate the License Agreement or any Modification of Contract granting the
right to operate a restaurant at a specific Naval Exchange location at any time. If NEXCOM terminates the License
Agreement, or the license for your location, you may lose your investment in the location. You must also comply
with additional standards and obligations prescribed by the License Agreement.
If you establish your restaurant at a NEXCOM location under the License Agreement, you may be required under
the License Agreement to offer certain snack menu items, such as pizza or hot dogs. Review any Modifications
of Contract specific to your location to determine whether any such requirement applies to you. You are
responsible for any costs associated with offering the additional menu item(s).

1

