6.

Personal Data Protection Impact Assessment and Prior Consultation. Franchisee shall
provide reasonable assistance to Franchisor with any Personal Data protection impact
assessment, and prior consultations with supervising authorities or other competent data
privacy authorities, which Franchisor reasonably considers to be required of Franchisor by any
applicable Data Protection Laws, in each case solely in relation to Processing of Personal Data
(other than Your Employees’ Personal Data) by, and taking into account the nature of, the
Processing and information available to Franchisee.

7.

Transfers Personal Data Across International Borders. In order to perform the
Processing as set forth in the Agreement, a party may be required to transfer Personal Data
from a jurisdiction to other jurisdictions. In such event, a party shall not transfer Personal
Data to another jurisdiction except as permitted by Data Protection Laws. Each party will
ensure that there is adequate protection and appropriate safeguards for Personal Data in
accordance with applicable Data Protection Laws.

8.

Changes in Data Protection Laws. Franchisee agrees to execute any additional agreements
or instruments that may be required, necessary or desirable, as determined by Franchisor to
receive, transfer, or Process Data other than Your Employees’ Personal Data.

9.

Additional Audit and Security Program Rights. Upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee will
promptly allow Franchisor (and/or its third-party designee) to audit compliance of Franchisee,
its subcontractors and its and their respective personnel, with this DPA, including of each such
party’s respective Security Program, no less than once per year to ensure adequate
protections of Personal Data are maintained. Franchisee will make available to Franchisor all
information necessary to demonstrate Franchisee’s compliance with this DPA, as well as any
applicable Data Protection Laws.

SubwayPOS® EULA Data Processing Addendum April 10, 2024

Page 17 of 22

