THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE
MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. Each Franchisee
Releasing Party understands that Section 1542 gives him, her or it the right not to release existing claims
of which he, she or it is not now aware, unless he, she or it voluntarily chooses to waive this right.
Having been so apprised, each Franchisee Releasing Party nevertheless voluntarily elects to and does
waive the rights described in Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, and elects to
assume all risks for claims that now exist in his, her or its favor, known or unknown.
2.
Confidentiality. The parties expressly agree that they will maintain this Release, all drafts
and discussions and actions relating to it and this Release’s terms and conditions, in strict confidence and will
not disclose the same to any third party without the prior written consent of the other parties. The foregoing
obligations will not apply to any terms that a party is ordered by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction
to disclose or in connection with a third party request as part of discovery in any court or administrative
proceeding. However, the foregoing obligations of confidentiality will not apply to DAL to the extent that
DAL deems it reasonably necessary to disclose this Release or any of its terms: (a) in connection with DAL’s
business and franchise operations or in compliance with any state or federal laws, rules or regulations; and/or
(b) to a limited number of DAL’s employees, shareholders, officers, directors, actual and prospective
franchisees, licensees, area representatives, investors, purchasers of DAL’s business, lenders, attorneys,
accountants and other advisors provided such persons have a need to know such information and agree to an
obligation of confidentiality. The parties agree that they will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements
or comments that are in any way disparaging, negative, not positive or not favorable toward the other parties
or any of the other parties’ products, services, trademarks or service marks, business, goodwill, reputation,
conduct, DAL’s franchisees, current or former owners, employees, officers, directors, owners, agents,
representatives, clients, suppliers, franchisees, licensees, or business activities, whether verbally, in writing,
electronically or on-line. The foregoing restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence apply to any
statements made to any third parties including, without limitation, current or former employees, news media,
clients, customers, franchisees (existing or former), licensees or business associates of the other parties,
officers, representatives, contractors, vendors, suppliers or other members of the public and third party
businesses operating under a name containing the word “SUBWAY” or any word(s) similar thereto. This
Section does not limit the ability of any Franchisee Releasing Party to discuss his, her or its experience as a
franchisee with prospective franchisees.
3.

Miscellaneous.

(a) Severability: If any of the provisions of this Release are held invalid for any reason, the
remainder of this Release will not be affected and will remain in full force and effect.
(b) Complete Agreement: All of the terms and understandings between the parties are
contained in this Release. There are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between
them. The signing and delivery of this Release will not be construed as acknowledging any liability
or responsibility on either party’s part for any claim or matter whatsoever.
(c) Attorneys’ Fees, Etc.: In any action or dispute at law or in equity that may arise under
or otherwise relate to this Release, the prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of all of its
costs and expenses, including reasonable accounting and legal fees (including paralegal fees and
expenses, witness fees, court costs, arbitrator charges, and travel and lodging expenses).
(d) Headings and Captions: The captions preceding each section of this Release are
inserted solely for convenient reference; they do not constitute a part of this Release and do not affect
its meaning, interpretation or effect.

