B.
No employee or other person providing services to you on our behalf has solicited or
accepted any loan, gratuity, bribe, gift or any other payment in money, property or services from you in
connection with a Subway® franchise purchase with exception of those payments or loans provided in the
Franchise Disclosure Document.
C.
No representation or statement has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson
of us) and relied on by you regarding the anticipated income, earnings and growth of us or the System, or
the viability of the business opportunity being offered under this Agreement.
D.
Before executing this Agreement, you have had the opportunity to contact all existing
franchisees of us.
E.
You have had the opportunity to independently investigate, analyze and construe both the
business opportunity being offered under this Agreement, and the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
using the services of legal counsel, accountants or other advisors (if you so elect) of your own choosing.
You have been advised to consult with your own advisors with respect to the legal, financial and other
aspects of this Agreement, the Restaurant, and the prospects for that Restaurant. You have either consulted
with these advisors or have deliberately declined to do so.
F.
No representation or statement has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson
of us) and relied on by you regarding your ability to procure any required license or permit that may be
necessary to the offering of one or more of the services contemplated to be offered by the Restaurant.
G.
You acknowledge that you are a citizen or permanent resident of the United States of
America and that you have provided us with valid proof of your citizenship or permanent residency unless
otherwise approved in limited circumstances for cross-border development upon presentation of a valid
work visa.
H.
You affirm that all information set forth in all applications, financial statements and
submissions to us is true, complete and accurate in all respects, and you expressly acknowledge that we are
relying on the truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of this information.
I.
You have read and understand our Privacy Notice (contained in an exhibit to our franchise
disclosure document or available on www.Subway.com), which addresses how we use and share your
personal information, and which may be amended from time to time.
J.
You acknowledge it is our intent to comply with all anti-terrorism laws enacted by the US
Government, including but not limited to the USA PATRIOT Act or Executive Order 13324. You
acknowledge that you are not now, nor have you ever been, a suspected terrorist or otherwise associated
directly or indirectly with terrorist activity.
K.
You acknowledge that it is our intent to comply with all domestic and foreign laws and
regulations related to anti-bribery and anti-corruption, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

40

