rights belonging to Franchisor or its Affiliates is prohibited and may be prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the law.
With respect to any Restaurant you operate that is located outside of the United States, references
to SubwayPOS® and SUBWAY LiveIQ® in this Agreement are replaced with references to
SubwayPOS™ and SUBWAY LiveIQ™, respectively.
13. SOFTWARE AVAILABILITY; CHANGES TO THE SOFTWARE. Any features, materials, products, or
services made available through or in connection with the Software are subject to availability.
Franchisor may change the Software, including, but not limited to the features, materials, products,
and services made available through the Software, at any time without notice or liability.
14. THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE TERMS. In addition to being governed by this Agreement, Third-Party
Software may be licensed to you directly by the software provider under separate license terms
("Third-Party Terms"). You may have broader rights to use Third-Party Software under the
applicable Third-Party Terms than you do to use the Software under this Agreement. While this
Agreement is not intended to impose further restrictions on your use of Third-Party Software as
permitted by any applicable Third-Party Terms, your use of Third-Party Software must be consistent
with the terms of this Agreement.
15. THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES. In addition to including Third-Party Software as
contemplated above, the Software may also enable interoperation of the Software with, or link or
connect to, certain other third-party applications and services, which are not maintained or controlled
by Franchisor. Such interoperability and links are provided as a convenience and Franchisor is not
responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of, and does not warrant or endorse,
any third-party applications or services or any products or services made available through those
third-party applications or services. We do not provide you with licenses to any such third-party
applications or services.
16. DATA & PRIVACY.
a. Types of Data. In connection with this Agreement and your use of the Software, various types
of data will be generated, received, and used by each party. “Franchisee Personnel Data”
means data relating to franchisee owners and personnel, including your employees. “Restaurant
Data” means all data relating to actual and prospective Restaurant customers, loyalty members,
and Subway® card holders, as well as Restaurant transaction data and other information arising
from your use of the POS System and Software. For clarity, “Restaurant Data” excludes all
Franchisee Personnel Data.
b. Use of Franchisee Personnel Data. By transmitting Franchisee Personnel Data via the
Software or otherwise providing Franchisee Personnel Data to Franchisor, you grant us and the
Franchisor Parties full right, permission, and license to access, modify, copy, analyze, distribute,
transmit, display, publish, and otherwise use throughout the world any and all Franchisee
Personnel Data, without any payment or other consideration of any kind, and without the need
to obtain further permission from you or any other person or to provide notification to you or any
third party, for purposes of facilitating or enabling the services provided by the Software, and
further, with respect to Franchisee Personnel Data comprising data relating to franchisee owners,
for our business purposes in accordance with our role as Franchisor and a licensor of the Software.
These rights are perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, nonexclusive, sublicensable, fully-paid, and
royalty-free. For clarity, with respect to Franchisee Personnel Data comprising data relating to
employees of your Restaurant(s), the permitted use by Franchisor is limited to the purpose of
facilitating or enabling the services provided to you and your Restaurant(s) by the Software.
c. Use of Restaurant Data. By transmitting the Restaurant Data via the Software and POS System
or otherwise providing Restaurant Data to Franchisor, you grant us and the Franchisor Parties
Page 5 of 22

