Doctor’s Associates LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)

Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(dollars in thousands)
The accounting guidance describes a hierarchy of three levels of input that may be used to
measure fair value:
Level 1

Inputs based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2

Inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the asset or liability.

Level 3

Unobservable inputs based on little market or no market activity and which are
significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.

The Company’s material financial instruments consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses.
The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses are equal to their carrying values based on
their liquidity. The fair value measurement of these assets and liabilities is categorized as Level 1.
Income Taxes
The Company is a single-member limited liability company and therefore is a disregarded entity for
income tax purposes. The Company’s assets, liabilities, and items of income, deductions and
credits are combined with and included in the income tax returns of Underground Parent LLC. For
certain state and local purposes, an entity level tax is assessed on the Company, and the amounts
are not significant to the financial statements.
The Company provides for state income taxes in states that do not recognize single member
limited liability, federal S corporation status or qualified S subsidiaries. Deferred taxes are not
significant for all periods presented.
The Company recognizes and measures its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with FASB
ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under that guidance, management assesses the likelihood that tax
positions will be sustained upon examination based on the facts, circumstances and information,
including the technical merits of those positions, available at the end of each period. The
measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new information is available, or when
an event occurs that requires a change. Included in “Other current liabilities” in the accompanying
balance sheets, the Company has a liability for uncertain tax positions of $1,161 and $1,041 at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included within the liability for uncertain tax positions
is accrued interest and penalties of $639 and $519 recorded at December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The Company has made a policy election to present interest and penalties within
“Provision for income taxes” on the statements of income.

10

