that the purpose of the Lease is to sublet the Premises to an authorized Subway® licensee/franchisee
of Doctor’s Associates LLC. Should Tenant not succeed in obtaining an executed sublease within
sixty (60) days of the execution of the Lease, Tenant may, at Tenant’s option, void the Lease upon
written notice.
20. Landlord Maintenance. Landlord, at Landlord’s sole cost and expense shall maintain all exterior
and structural portions of the Building, including the roof, walls, foundations, walks, driveways and
parking areas, in good condition and repair, including replacement as required. Such maintenance
shall include, but not be limited to the removal of snow and/or ice. In addition, Landlord warrants
that the Premises, including the heating and air conditioning systems, plumbing, sprinklers, hot water
heater, and electrical systems (collectively, the “Systems”) will be in compliance with all Laws, in
good working order, and that the roof will be free of leaks for the Term of the Lease. Landlord
hereby agrees that Landlord shall, at Landlord’s expense be responsible for the replacement of
Systems if and when necessary and Landlord shall be responsible for any and all tap fees, hook-up
fees, connection fees, impact fees (if any) necessary for Tenant’s utilities. Landlord will perform all
such maintenance, repairs and replacements in a good and workmanlike manner, using first-class
materials, in compliance with all Laws. Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant that, as
of the Effective Date, the structural components and Systems of the Building, any fixtures,
equipment and capital items provided by Landlord, and any common areas are in good operating
condition and repair. Landlord further represents and warrants to Tenant as of the Effective Date
that the Premises is free from water leaks, offensive odors, mold, asbestos and underground storage
tanks. Under no circumstances shall the Tenant be responsible for the replacement cost of capital
items including, but not limited to; the roof, all structural portions of the building, parking lot and
systems. If Landlord shall fail, refuse or neglect to comply with Landlord’s obligations in
accordance with the terms of the Lease, or if Tenant is required to make any repairs by reason of any
act, omission or negligence of Landlord or its employees or agents, Tenant shall have the right, but
not the obligation, at its option, to make such repairs on the behalf of and for the account of Landlord
and deduct the cost and expense thereof from the next installment(s) of minimum rent and additional
rent due. Alternatively, if a default by Landlord continues for a period of thirty (30) days after
Landlord’s receipt of a written notice specifying the default, Tenant, at Tenant’s option, may declare
the Lease terminated and void; Tenant shall vacate the Premises paying rent only to the date of said
vacating.
21. Parking. Landlord agrees to provide Tenant with at least one (1) parking space per 100 square feet
of Premises. Tenant shall be permitted to install signs designating the spaces for Tenant’s patrons
only. The Landlord represents and warrants that there is adequate non-exclusive parking at the
Building for parking by the Tenant’s employees and customers. Furthermore, the Landlord will
assure the parking areas are free of potholes, snow and ice, adequately striped and in good condition.
The parking areas will be lighted, at Landlord’s expense, until at least one hour after Tenant’s
closing.
22. Hazardous Materials. If any government or local agency requires an inspection for toxic or
hazardous materials prior to a new tenancy, Landlord shall bear the cost of inspection. If a
governmental authority requires the removal of hazardous or asbestos-related material including but
not limited to molds and biological pollutants from the Premises, lands or the Building(s) of which
it forms a part, it will be the Landlord’s responsibility to remove the offensive material. If the
Landlord does not comply with the ordinance within thirty (30) days after written notice from the
Tenant, the Tenant may have the material removed at the cost of the Landlord and deduct the cost
from the next monthly rental payment(s). If said material is removed from an area that lies below
the parking lot, Landlord shall immediately repair any and all damage thereto. Landlord agrees to

7

