and/or rebates related to such funding regarding which Franchisor will notify Franchisee at the
applicable time during the term, provided, however, Supplier may withhold Franchisee pricing,
discounts, and rebates net of any outstanding amount of penalties Supplier owes to Franchisees
pursuant to the Beverage Supply Agreement, as an offset against Franchisee’s unpaid remedies to
Supplier under the Equipment Loan Agreement (e.g. unpaid balances due and payable for Special
Service Calls).
6. The term of this Participation Agreement will be contemporaneous with the term of the Beverage
Supply Agreement. The Beverage Supply Agreement is effective from 1 January 2025 and ends on 31
December 2034. In the event that the Beverage Supply Agreement is terminated on a date earlier than
31 December 2034, this Participation Agreement may be terminated on such earlier date as shall be
notified to the Franchisees by Supplier.
7. Franchisee shall execute an Equipment Loan Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2, for
any equipment supplied to Franchisee in connection with the Beverage Supply Agreement. Supplier
will check, maintain, and service Franchisee’s Equipment during the Term at no cost to Franchisee.
Supplier will also respond to Franchisee’s request for service or repair to the Equipment within twentyfour (24) hours for Emergency Cover and forty-eight (48) hours for Non-Emergency Cover. Supplier
shall be subject to penalties for failing to meet the servicing requirements for Emergency Cover
pursuant to the Equipment Loan Agreement. For the purposes of this Participation Agreement,
Emergency Cover means service coverage for issues that leave a Restaurant with no capacity or ability
to sell chilled beverages for Beverage Coolers or with no capacity to sell fountain beverages for fountain
dispensing equipment; or service coverage for issues likely to cause a hazard to the health and safety
of any persons. Non-Emergency Cover means service coverage provided by Supplier other than for
Emergency Cover.
8. Supplier further agrees that if any Equipment fails to operate or otherwise becomes inoperable for any
reason not directly attributable to the acts or omissions of a Franchisee, Supplier will replace the
defective Equipment with a new unit or, if approved by Franchisor, a fully refurbished unit, at no cost
to the Franchisee, as soon as practicable. For the purposes of this Agreement, any Equipment that
requires three (3) or more recurring Emergency Cover calls within a sixty (60) day period shall be
deemed defective and unusable and must be replaced by Supplier consistent with Supplier’s Emergency
Cover obligations.
9. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that a minimum of ninety percent (90%) of the Beverage Cooler
space will be used to merchandise the Products. Franchisee may use up to ten percent (10%) of the
Beverage Cooler space to merchandise Franchisor approved non-exclusive beverage products, unless
otherwise notified by Franchisor.
10. The Franchisee shall for its business have necessary insurances such as property and liability
insurances, including insurance for the premises in which the business is conducted.
11. Supplier may from time to time pass information, including Franchisee’s personal or company
information (as applicable) and any details and copies of this Participation Agreement (and any notices
served under it) to Subway Franchisor and Subway Franchisor’s affiliates (an Subway Franchisor
affiliate being a person or entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, Subway Franchisor), and Subway Franchisor’s
supply chain manager (together with any of its holding companies or subsidiaries, if any).
12. Intentionally Omitted.

