Restaurant, all of your rights hereunder will terminate and you must immediately stop accessing
and using the Software. Any fees paid by you in connection with this Agreement and prior to
termination of this Agreement are nonrefundable, including but not limited to any fees paid in
advance. Upon termination of this Agreement, you must uninstall, return to us, destroy, and
delete, per our request, any and all copies of the Software and, upon our request, certify in
writing that you have complied with these requirements. Any provisions of this Agreement that
are intended to survive termination (including, but not limited to any provisions regarding our
data rights, indemnification, limitation of our liability, or dispute resolution) will continue in effect
beyond any termination of this Agreement or of your access to or use of the Software.
22. TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT.
a. You may transfer or assign this Agreement, including but not limited to the license granted
hereunder, only as part of a sale or transfer of one or more POS Systems to one or more thencurrent SUBWAY® franchisees in good standing with us, but only with our prior written consent
(which consent may be withheld in our sole discretion). In such event, you must transfer all of
the Software and your entire license thereto to the purchaser or transferee. The purchaser or
transferee must agree to and accept our then-current form of SubwayPOS® End User License
Agreement (or any replacement thereof). If you complete a sale or transfer contemplated in this
subsection (whether you sell or transfer just the POS System or the POS System together with a
Restaurant), your license to use the Software on the sold or transferred POS System will
automatically and immediately terminate. There is no transfer fee. Any transfer made, purported
to be made, or attempted to be made not in accordance with this subsection is null and void and
of no effect and will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement by you.
b. We may transfer and assign this Agreement any time, without your consent and without notice
to you, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns.
23. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The Software is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use,
duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights at 48 CFR
52.227-19, as applicable. The manufacturer is FWHT and has offices at 1 Corporate Drive, Shelton,
Connecticut, USA 06484.
24. EXPORT. You will not, directly or indirectly, export or re-export the Software or any technology
disclosed pursuant to this Agreement in violation of any applicable U.S. export control laws or
regulations, or any other applicable export control laws promulgated and administered by the
government of any applicable country or other jurisdiction. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in
the event you export the Software from the country or other jurisdiction in which you first received
it, or from any other country or other jurisdiction, you assume all responsibility for compliance with
all applicable export and re-export laws and regulations.
25. FORCE MAJEURE. Franchisor will not be liable for, nor will it be deemed to have breached this
Agreement in the event of, any failure or delay in performing any obligation under this Agreement
due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, fires,
floods, other acts of nature, epidemics, pandemics, actions of government, civil disturbances,
terrorism, national emergencies, delays and failures of third parties, hackers, and power,
communications, satellite, or network failures or outages.
26. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this
Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between them and that nothing in this Agreement
is intended to make either party an agent, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant
of the other for any purpose.
Page 10 of 22

