Restaurant to a location that is not a MCCS location, the MCCS Rider will be of no further force and effect, except
to the extent the License imposes obligations on you which continue after the termination or expiration of the
License. You will abide by and be bound by the terms of this Agreement without any modification by the MCCS
Rider. You must give consideration to the accessibility requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act
(“ADA”) when you relocate. If a proposed site is not accessible, you must provide plans to make the site
accessible, or we may request that you identify an alternative accessible location.
X.

If we give you ten (10) days’ written notice, we may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other rights
or remedies provided under this Agreement, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you abandon the Restaurant; (ii) you
fail to pay any money you owe us, our Affiliates, or NEXCOM under this Agreement, the License or any other
Franchise Agreement, or any amounts we may become liable to pay because of your action or omission; (iii) you
are evicted from the Restaurant location for non-payment of rent or related charges; (iv) you fail to obtain from
us or the BD approval to open the Restaurant or to re-open the Restaurant after a relocation; (v) you use the
Restaurant or the Restaurant location for any unauthorized use that we believe is injurious or prejudicial to the
System, the Marks or goodwill; or (vi) you fail to properly report gross sales as required under the Franchise
Agreement. The notice will specify the default and provide you ten (10) days to remedy the default from the date
of delivery of the notice.

XI. If we give you ninety (90) days’ written notice, we may, at our option and without prejudice to any of our other
rights or remedies provided under this Agreement, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you do not substantially
perform all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement not otherwise covered in Section X above; (ii) you lose
possession of the premises where the Restaurant is located; (iii) you, or the operating entity to which you assigned
the rights to operate the Restaurant under this Franchise Agreement, become(s) insolvent, make(s) an assignment
for the benefit of creditors or seek(s) bankruptcy relief either through reorganization or liquidation, in any court,
legal or equitable; (iv) you lose any permit or license you need to operate the Restaurant; (v) you fail to comply
with your duties under this Agreement or the Operations Manual; or (vi) you default in the performance of any of
the terms of the License. The notice will specify the default and provide you sixty (60) days to remedy the default
from the date of delivery of the notice. If you cure the default within sixty (60) days, the notice will be void.
XII.
You are, and will at all times be identified as, an independent contractor or Sublicensee as described in
the terms of the License. You are not our agent, partner, or employee. This Agreement does not create a
partnership, joint venture, agency, or fiduciary relationship. Furthermore, we are not responsible, jointly or
severally, for any encumbrances undertaken by you in relation to the franchise business.
XIII.

The Exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit 1 is added and attached to the Franchise Agreement.

XIV.
The Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, contains the entire understanding
of the parties and may not be further amended except in writing. The Franchise Agreement, as amended and
supplemented by this Rider, is ratified and affirmed. To the extent the terms of this Rider and the Franchise
Agreement conflict, the terms of this Rider shall control.
XV.
You acknowledge and agree you read and understand this Rider, the License (including an Modifications
of Contract or other attachments), and the Franchise Agreement, and consent to be bound by all the terms and
conditions of the License and the Franchise Agreement as amended and supplemented by this Rider.

