you have not operated the Restaurant for at least twelve (12) consecutive months preceding the termination
date, Damages will be calculated based on the average monthly Gross Sales of all Subway® Restaurants in
the United States during our last fiscal year. You and we agree that the calculation described in this Section
is a calculation only of the Damages and that nothing herein shall preclude or limit us from proving and
recovering any other damages caused by your breach of the Agreement.
G.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for avoidance of doubt, for all
purposes in connection with a Bankruptcy Event, the amount necessary to “cure” any default under this
Agreement for purposes of 11 U.S.C. §365 (or similar provision) shall include but not be limited to any
amounts due and owing by you to us or our affiliates for Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, rents or
other obligations owed to us under any lease, purchases from us, our affiliates, suppliers, or vendors, or any
other amounts due to us or our affiliates.
23.
Post-Term Rights and Duties. Upon termination or expiration, this Agreement and all rights
granted hereunder to you shall forthwith terminate, and:
A.
You shall immediately cease to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement, and shall not
thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold yourself out as a present or former franchisee
of us.
B.
You shall cancel any permits, licenses, registrations, certifications or other consents
required for leasing, constructing, or operating the Restaurant. If you fail to do so within a reasonable time,
we are authorized to cancel them for you.
C.
Upon our demand, you shall assign to us your interest in any lease then in effect for the
Premises and you shall furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.
D.
You shall immediately and permanently cease to use, by advertising or in any manner
whatsoever: any confidential methods, procedures and techniques associated with the System; and the
Marks and distinctive forms, slogans, signs, symbols, logos, and devices associated with the System. In
particular, you shall cease to use, without limitation, all signs, advertising materials, stationery, forms, and
any other articles that display the Marks.
E.
You shall take such action as may be necessary to assign to us or our designee any assumed
name rights or equivalent registration filed with state, city, or county authorities that contain(s) the name
“Subway®”, any derivation thereof, or any other service mark or trademark of the System, and you shall
furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within thirty (30) days after
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
F.
You agree, in the event you continue to operate or subsequently begin to operate any other
business, not to use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy or colorable imitation of the Marks either in
connection with such other business or the promotion thereof, which is likely to cause confusion, mistake
or deception, or which is likely to dilute our exclusive rights in and to the Marks and further agree not to
utilize any designation of origin or description or representation that falsely suggests or represents an
association or connection with us so as to constitute unfair competition.
G.
Except as expressly provided herein, you must obtain our written approval prior to closing
the Restaurant and removing any signage, fixtures, or other leasehold improvements from the Restaurant,
or otherwise de-identifying the Restaurant as a Subway® Restaurant. We will have the right, at your cost,
to reinstall any signage, fixtures or other leasehold improvements removed from the Restaurant without our
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

32

