In limited instances, we may enter into master agreements granting us a master license with the right to sublicense to
you the right to operate on the premises of a third-party licensor. Under this circumstance you would be required to enter
into a Sublicense for the location instead of a Sublease. We may also require you to sign a license for your restaurant,
in limited circumstances, where it would be inadvisable for you to sign a Sublease or where the premises for your
restaurant can only be licensed. For example, we may require you to sign a license instead of a Sublease if petroleum
products, controlled by another, are sold on the premises where your restaurant will be located. You will pay the licensor
either a fixed monthly fee or a fee based on the percentage of your gross sales depending upon the terms of the license.
For non-traditional locations such as truck stops and gas stations where there were or currently are fuel tanks or fuel
pumps located on the property, the policy of ours and our leasing affiliate is to enter into a Concession Agreement,
rather than a lease, to secure the location. A Concession Agreement may limit the liability of you, us and our leasing
affiliate in the event of an environmental disaster caused by petroleum products, such as a tank leak or fire. Under this
circumstance you would be required to enter into a Subconcession Agreement with our leasing affiliate for the location
instead of a Sublease. You will pay the Concessionor a monthly concession fee plus all costs associated with the
Concession Agreement.
In limited circumstances, our leasing affiliate may enter into a contract for premises, when required by the licensor of a
non-traditional location. Under this circumstance, we may also require you to sign a Subcontract with our leasing
affiliate and you will be required to pay all charges associated with the contract.
There are risks involved if your arrangements with a third party are short term. For example, if an oil company controls
the premises and you have only a 3-year agreement to operate a service station, your Franchise Agreement with us could
become valueless and you could lose your investment in the restaurant if the oil company does not renew its agreement
with you at the end of the three year period.
In some circumstances, we and/or our affiliate may earn a profit from your Sublease or Sublicense. You may have to
make payments directly to our affiliate for rent that is in excess of the cost of the lease as well as an initial fee to process
the lease. We or our affiliate may also keep all or a portion of any landlord or government payment for early termination
of the lease. This compensation may be partially attributed to lost royalties, loss of market penetration, extended down
time, and other factors associated with the termination of the lease.
In certain circumstances, we may permit you to own the real estate for your restaurant directly.
Note 7. Insurance. The estimated cost is for one year for Property, General Liability, Workers Compensation,
Employers Liability, and Auto Liability insurance, as required by your Franchise Agreement. This estimate does not
include Employment Practices Liability Insurance, health insurance, or other insurance. Please note that insurance costs
vary depending upon your location, construction of your restaurant, the insurance market, and claims history. Insurance
payments must be made through Electronic Funds Transfer (“EFT”) directly to the insurance carrier.
Note 8. Noncompete Violation. You cannot have any direct or indirect association with a competitive business, as
defined in the franchise agreement, located within 3 miles of any location where a Subway® restaurant operates or
operated in the prior year during the term of your Franchise Agreement and for 1 year after the termination, expiration
or transfer of your Franchise Agreement. These fees are non-refundable. We modify these covenants for a nontraditional or school lunch location.
Note 9. Confidentiality Violation. You agree not to disclose our trade secrets and confidential information, including
the contents of the Operations Manual.
Note 10. Trademark Violation. You agree to stop using the trademark Subway® and other marks and materials
associated with a Subway® restaurant, and to return whichever form of the Operations Manual you have in your
possession when your Franchise Agreement terminates or expires.
Note 11. Limited Time Offering Promotions and Auto Shipments. You may be required to carry certain ingredients,
products, packaging or smallwares for Limited Time Offering (“LTO”) promotions, and to use the ingredients, products
or packaging for these promotions until they are depleted at both the restaurant and distributor. Ingredients, products,
41

