Restaurant to the schedule of Restaurants governed by the existing MUFA. For the avoidance of doubt, we
may require you to remodel or upgrade any such Restaurant as set forth in Section 1.2.
1.4

This Agreement amends, modifies, and supersedes the terms of, and is an integral part of each of the
Franchise Agreements related to any Restaurant developed hereunder. Capitalized terms in this Agreement
which are not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the same meanings as defined in our form of
Franchise Agreement. Except as otherwise indicated in this Agreement, all other terms and conditions of
any Franchise Agreement remain unmodified and in full force and effect. Terms of the Recitals are integral
parts of this Agreement.

2

GRANT

2.1

Rights, Obligations. We grant to you the right, and you accept the obligation, pursuant to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, to acquire the cumulative number of Restaurants, either by developing the
specific number of new Subway® Restaurants, relocating existing Restaurants or closing existing
Restaurants with our approval in strict accordance with the time schedules (the “Development
Obligations”), in each case as set forth in your Development Schedule in Exhibit A (the “Development
Schedule”). Our Reserved Rights. We retain all other rights, and may, among other things, on any terms
and conditions we deem advisable, and without granting you any rights therein:
2.1.1

Own, acquire, establish, and/or operate and license others to establish and operate, Subway®
Restaurants under the System at any location, notwithstanding such location’s proximity to the Site
of any Subway® Restaurant you operate, or its actual or threatened impact on sales at any Subway®
Restaurant you operate;

2.1.2

Own, acquire, establish, and/or operate, and license others to establish and operate, Subway®
Restaurants under the Marks at Reserved Facilities (as defined below) at any location. As used in
this Agreement, “Reserved Facilities” must mean: airports; department stores; supermarkets;
cultural institutions (examples include, but are not limited to, theaters, museums, art centers and
educational facilities); casinos; military bases; sports and entertainment venues and stadiums; and
business and industrial complexes and offices at which the food service is managed by service
providers with national or international operations;

2.1.3

Sell and distribute, directly or indirectly, or license others to sell and distribute, directly or
indirectly, any products and services bearing the Marks from any location to any business or
customer, including without limitation through restaurants, cafes, retail kiosks, grocery or
convenience stores or other retail outlets, and any other distribution channels (including, without
limitation, through retail, wholesale, mail order, toll free numbers, the Internet, or delivery by
Restaurants located anywhere); and

2.1.4

We and/or our affiliates have the unrestricted right to engage, directly or indirectly, through our or
their employees, representatives, licensees, assigns, agents, and others, at wholesale, retail, and
otherwise, in the production, distribution, and sale of products and services bearing the Marks
licensed under any Franchise Agreement or other names or marks included as part of the System.

2.1.5

Upon your purchase of one or more existing Restaurants under common closing date, we reserve
the right to amend the Development Schedule to increase your Development Obligations, as
mutually agreed between the parties, taking into consideration the number of existing Restaurants
purchased at that time.

2

