managers; (iv) maintain stop transfer instructions on your records against the transfer of any equity
securities and only issue securities which bear a legend, in a form satisfactory to us, which references the
transfer restrictions imposed by this Agreement; and (v) deliver to us the Owner’s Guaranty and
Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A, executed by each member and each owner
of any beneficial interest in you. For the avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or
holding entities are also at all times subject to our review and must at all times be consistent with the
foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
C.
Partnership Franchisee. If you are a partnership, you shall: (i) confine your activities
exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish us with your partnership agreement,
as well as such other documents as we may reasonably request and any amendments thereto; (iii) furnish
to us, upon request, a current list of all general and limited partners; and (iv) deliver to us the Owner’s
Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A, executed by each general
partner and each owner of any beneficial interest in such general partner. For the avoidance of doubt, the
governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times subject to our review and must at
all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
18.

Transferability of Interest.

A.
By Franchisor/Delegation of Duties. This Agreement is fully assignable by us and shall
inure to the benefit of any assignee or other legal successor to the interests of us herein. To the extent that
the purchaser or transferee shall assume our covenants and obligations under this Agreement, we shall
thereupon and without further agreement, be freed and relieved of all liability with respect to such covenants
and obligations. From time to time, we shall have the right to delegate the performance of any or all of our
obligations and duties hereunder to third parties, whether the same are our agents or independent contractors
that we have contracted with to provide such services. You agree in advance to any such delegation by us
of any portion or all of our rights and obligations hereunder.
B.

Consent of Franchisor Required.

1.
The rights granted hereunder are personal to you. Accordingly, neither this
Agreement, any rights under this Agreement, including specifically any right to use our intellectual
property (including the Marks) as described in Section 8 above, the Restaurant owned by you nor
any part of the ownership of you may be assigned or transferred by you or your owner(s) without
our prior written consent, and any such assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer,
without such consent shall constitute a breach hereof and shall convey no rights to or interests in
this Agreement, the Restaurant owned by you or the ownership of you. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if a Bankruptcy Event (as defined below) occurs, then our consent to any
assignment or transfer hereunder in connection with or during such Bankruptcy Event, shall be
made in our sole and absolute discretion, and shall apply for all purposes, including in connection
with any proposed assumption or assignment of this Agreement under 11 U.S.C. §365 or any
successor or related statutes and regulations.
2.
As used in this Agreement, the term “transfer” shall mean and include the
voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift, pledge or other transfer by you or
your owners of any interest in any of: (1) this Agreement and the Restaurant; (2) the ownership of
you, or (3) substantially all of the assets of the Restaurant. An assignment, sale or other transfer
shall include any of the following events: (1) the transfer of ownership of capital stock, voting
stock (or security convertible to voting stock) or partnership interest; (2) merger or consolidation
or issuance of additional securities representing an ownership interest in you; (3) transfer of an
interest in you, this Agreement or the Restaurant owned by you in a divorce, insolvency, corporate
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

22

