stockholder or equityholder action on the part of OpCo. This Note and Agreement is a valid, legal
and binding obligation of OpCo, enforceable against OpCo in accordance with the terms of the
Note and Agreement. This Note and Agreement is a valid, legal and binding obligation of the
Makers who are parties thereto, enforceable against each of them in accordance with the terms
of the Note and Agreement. Each of the Makers has the legal capacity to execute, deliver and
perform his/her/its obligations under all such agreements to which he/she/it is a party.
e. OpCo’s Equityholders. The shares/membership interests of OpCo are owned by the following:
[___________________].
f.

Required Approvals. Except for the consents or authorizations to be given by the officers,
directors and/or shareholders (or members or managers, as applicable if the OpCo is a limited
liability company) of OpCo, no consent of, waiver from or notice to any party is required in order
for the Makers to execute, deliver and perform their obligations under this Note and Agreement
or any of the transfer documents or the Franchise Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.

g. [Optional if restaurants not in an SMO territory: The Maker’s Business Developer has co-signed
for one-third (1/3) of the losses in the event of a default of the Maker to any of the Franchise
Agreements (as defined herein).]
8. Each Maker hereby covenants that he/she/it shall:
a. keep the equipment at the location approved for the franchise in the Maker’s franchise agreement
for each franchise indicated above (each, a “Franchise Agreement”, and collectively, the
“Franchise Agreements”) and will not remove the equipment from the location other than in the
ordinary course of business;
b. ensure the equipment at all times remains personal property despite the fact and irrespective of
the manner in which it is attached to realty and shall not, at any time, become a fixture to such
realty;
c. not sell, dispose or otherwise transfer the equipment or any interest therein without the prior
written consent of the Holder, and keep the equipment free from unpaid charges (including rent),
taxes and liens;
d. pay all the costs related to this Note and Agreement, including, as applicable, taxes, fees, and
expenses required for perfection under the Uniform Commercial Code in all public offices
wherever filing is deemed by the Holder to be necessary;
e. maintain insurance, acceptable to the Holder, at all times with respect to all equipment against
risks of fire, theft and other such risks and in such amounts as the Holder may require; and
f.

make all repairs, replacements, additions and improvements necessary to maintain the equipment
in good working order and condition.

For the avoidance of doubt, as used herein, “equipment” shall mean any equipment purchased at any
time for the Subway® franchises referenced herein, whether purchased before or after the effective
date of this Note and Agreement.
9. The occurrence of any of the following events shall be an “Event of Default” under this Note and
Agreement: (a) a default in the payment of any installment due under this Note and Agreement not cured
within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice of said default (such notice to be given in accordance
3

