Note 2. On-the-job training in local Subway® restaurants consists of 60 hours of instruction. On-the-job training allows
you to gain first-hand experience in sandwich preparation, restaurant maintenance and restaurant operations. There is
no specific time allocation by subject because this varies with the needs of each training group.
After you purchase your restaurant and successfully complete training, you and your staff may also be required to
complete additional courses on the University of Subway®. You will be notified when additional courses become
required.
We and our affiliates have offered in the past, and may offer in the future, additional training courses dealing with
management, paperwork, advertising systems, and multi-unit ownership. Additional educational materials are available
to you and your employees on the University of Subway® and other sources.
Manager Training Opportunities for Non-Traditional Franchisees. If you are an institutional-type or other franchisee
signing the Franchise Agreement Rider, we may grant you permission to provide your own manager training program
which your Managers may complete in lieu of the Training Program. If you sign the Franchise Agreement Rider, the
option to train your Manager applies only to a second or subsequent franchise purchase; both the Director and Manager
must complete the Training Program in connection with your first franchise purchase. Your Manager must successfully
complete the Training Program before the restaurant opens.
If we determine in our reasonable judgment you are not operating your restaurant up to our standards set out in the
Operations Manual, we may require your current manager for your restaurant to complete remedial training within thirty
(30) days after we give you notice.
Item 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands we control.
You will not receive any territorial rights and there are no radius restrictions or minimum or maximum population
requirements which limit where we can license or open another Subway® Restaurant, unless otherwise provided under
applicable state law.
We do not presently intend to establish other franchises or company- or affiliate-owned outlets selling similar products
or services under a different trade name or trademark, but we reserve the right to do so. In the future, we may offer our
own branded product lines under a separate license. We may charge an additional license fee. We may establish units
as separate franchises not located within a Subway® restaurant. We and our affiliates have unlimited rights to compete
with you and to license others to compete with you. We and our affiliates retain the exclusive unrestricted right to
produce, distribute, and sell food products, beverages, and other products and services, under the Subway® mark or any
other mark, directly and indirectly, through employees, representatives, licensees, assigns, agents, and others, at
wholesale, retail, and otherwise, at any location, without restriction by any right you may have, and without regard to
the location of any Subway® Restaurant, and these other stores or methods of distribution may compete with the
Restaurant and may adversely affect your sales. We may use methods of distribution other than through a Subway®
restaurant location, including, but not limited to, a centralized call center, the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing and
other direct marketing. You will not receive any compensation from us in connection with any such production,
distribution or sales. You do not have any right to exclude, control, or impose conditions on the location or development
of any Subway® restaurant, other restaurant, store or other method of distribution, under the Subway® mark or any other
mark.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise, any business
under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that our franchisees sell. However,
our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or
in the future may be owned by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or
73

