caused by such removal. Any such addition or improvement not removed within ten (10) days shall
be deemed abandoned and shall, thereupon, become the property of Landlord without compensation
to Tenant. If Tenant has made improvements to the Premises which, if removed, would cause
significant damage to the Premises, then Tenant may, at its option, choose to leave these
improvements in place without incurring any liability for their removal by Landlord or a third party.
Tenant’s trade fixtures and all of Tenant’s equipment shall not be considered fixtures, and shall
remain the property of Tenant. As such, they may be removed by Tenant at any time, subject to the
foregoing paragraph. On or before the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, Tenant shall
surrender to Landlord the Premises and all of Tenant’s alterations and fixtures broom clean, in good
order and condition, excepting reasonable wear and tear, casualty and condemnation. Tenant may,
but shall not be required to remove those alterations or improvements to the Premises which are
installed by Tenant and which are trade fixtures which may be removed without material damage to
the Premises and which are in the nature of furniture, movable refrigeration, movable cooking
equipment, storage and display cases, counter shelves and racks. All other alterations and fixtures
including, without limitation, those in the nature of ventilating, air conditioning, unmovable
refrigeration, unmovable cooking equipment, plumbing, sprinkling systems, outlets, partitions,
doors, vaults, paneling, molding or flooring shall be surrendered with the Premises and Tenant need
not remove them.
38. Estoppel Certificates. Landlord, within twenty (20) days after Tenant’s request, shall deliver to
Tenant an executed, written estoppel certificate in the form attached hereto as Attachment 2 (the
“Estoppel Certificate”) identifying Tenant and the Lease and certifying and confirming the intent
set forth on Attachment 2, in addition to any information or confirmation Tenant may reasonably
require. In the event Landlord shall fail to return such statement within twenty (20) days of Tenant’s
request, Tenant shall presume that there are no defaults, monetary or non-monetary, under the Lease
and Landlord shall be estopped from rebutting such presumption. Tenant may rely on such Estoppel
Certificate as true and correct. The information contained within the Estoppel Certificate shall be
binding upon the Landlord, its assignees and successors in interest.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

12

