10

NOTICES
Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this Agreement shall be
effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to us at FranchiseNotices@subway.com and
to you at the following email address: bharat@kkcorp.com, or at such other email address as either party
shall from time to time designate in writing; (ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in
writing and sent for next business day delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier.
Notices sent via hand delivery or via nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed directly to us at our
offices at Attn: Legal Department - Franchising, 1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484, and to
you at the following address: bharat@kkcorp.com, or at such other address as either party shall from time
to time designate in writing. Email notices must contain the capitalized words “LEGAL NOTICE” in the
subject line. The sender of an email notice must request a read receipt and the recipient must allow a read
receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email notices shall be effective upon receipt by the
sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the notice. Hand delivered notices shall be deemed to be
effective upon delivery, if delivered. Notices sent for next business day delivery by nationally recognized
courier shall be deemed to be effective on the next business day.

11

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION

11.1

Independent Contractor Relationship. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this Agreement
does not create a fiduciary relationship between them; that you are an independent contractor; and, that
nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute either party an agent, legal representative, subsidiary,
joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant of the other for any purpose whatsoever.

11.2

Notice of Status. At all times during the term of this Agreement, you must hold yourself out to the public
in connection with the Subway® Restaurants and the business described in this Agreement as an
independent contractor operating the business pursuant to this Agreement with us. You agree to take such
action as may be necessary to do so, including, without limitation, exhibiting a notice of that fact in a
conspicuous place within your offices, the content of which we reserve the right to specify.

11.3

No Contracts in Our Name. Nothing in this Agreement authorizes you to make any contract, agreement,
warranty, or representation on our behalf, or to incur any debt or other obligation in our name; and that we
will in no event assume liability for, or be deemed liable hereunder as a result of, any such action; nor will
we be liable by reason of any act or omission of you in your operations hereunder, or for any claim or
judgment arising therefrom against you.

11.4

Indemnification. You must indemnify and hold the DAL Parties (as defined below) harmless against any
and all Damages (as defined below) arising directly or indirectly from any Asserted Claim (as defined
below) as well as from any breach of this Agreement by you. Your indemnity obligations survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

11.5

Definitions. As used in Section 11.4 above, the following terms must have the following meanings:
11.5.1 “Asserted Claim” means any allegation, claim or complaint that is the result of, or in connection
with, your exercise of your rights and/or carrying out of your obligations hereunder (including but
not limited to any claim associated with your development of the Subway® Restaurants or
otherwise), notwithstanding any claim that any DAL Party was or may have been negligent.
11.5.2 “DAL Parties” means DAL, DAL’s current and former shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, and
affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents.

7

