B.
Your Designated Manager(s) or your employee(s) who attend may be dismissed from the
training program and this Agreement may be terminated, with no refund of any fees paid by you to us, if
you, your Designated Manager(s) or your employee(s) materially fail to act in accordance with our Code
of Business Conduct during the training program (which will be made available to you at or before attending
the training program).
C.
We will train up to two (2) persons without a tuition charge, one of whom must be you or
a Designated Manager, and the other person may be a second Designated Manager or other employee. You
are responsible for all travel, lodging, meal and wage expenses for all who attend, and you are also
responsible for initial training related tuition for any persons beyond the two (2) included persons. We may
require you to replace any managers (including any of the Designated Managers) who we determine are not
qualified or suitable to operate a Subway® Restaurant.
D.
Each of your employees shall complete a training program as prescribed in the Confidential
Operations Manual on Restaurant operations and standards only, and it will not address any terms or
conditions of employment.
E.
If the training program is not completed to our satisfaction, additional training may be
required at your expense. If we determine that you or your Designated Managers are unable to satisfactorily
complete the training program, we shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to
you.
F.
We from time to time may provide and may require that previously trained and experienced
franchisees or their managers or employees attend and successfully complete refresher training programs
or seminars to be conducted at such locations as may be designated by us, and at your expense, including
courses provided by third-parties we designate, or by a representative or Field Operation Team member;
provided, however, that attendance will not be required at more than four (4) such programs in any calendar
year.
7.

Computer System.

A.
You will use a computer-based point-of-sale system (the “POS System”) including
software and hardware that we specify to record and report all sales and other designated business
information to us. You have the sole and complete responsibility for: (a) acquiring, operating, maintaining
and upgrading the POS System and any other computer hardware, software, cash register and other
equipment required by us from time to time (the “Computer Systems”); (b) ensuring that the Computer
Systems interface with our systems and those of third parties in the manner that we require from time to
time; and (c) any and all consequences that may arise if the Computer Systems are not properly operated,
maintained, and upgraded. You must also accept credit card and debit card payments as well as contactless
and mobile device payments and participate in our gift card, loyalty, rewards and related programs at your
expense. To maintain a competitive advantage in the quick service restaurant industry, you may be required
to invest in and implement new technology and digital initiatives at your own expense. You acknowledge
that you will be required (if permitted by local law) to enter into software or hardware license agreements
and other technology programs/initiatives during the Term, including without limitation hardware-as-aservice agreements, and you will accept and consent to any such agreements, programs or initiatives
electronically or as we otherwise direct.
B.
You acknowledge and agree that the software you are required to use, if permitted by local
law, has remote access capabilities and that we or our designee may, from time to time, remotely access
your POS System and other Computer Systems in order to maintain system security, perform routine system
maintenance, provide technical support, increase operational efficiency, install updates to software
programs and/or applications, or install or remove software programs and/or applications. We may also
retrieve information, such as transaction data and technical data, from your POS System or other Computer

