III. In regard to the License of the Restaurant:
(i)

You will open the Restaurant by the date provided in the Contract, as it may be amended, or this
Agreement automatically expires. We will not grant you an extension or refund the Franchise Fee if
this Agreement automatically expires.

(ii)

Before opening, you must successfully complete the training program. You may be dismissed from
the training program and this Agreement may be terminated with no refund of your Franchise Fee, if
you materially fail to act in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct during the training
program. You may be required to pass our standardized test given during the training program, with
one retest permitted. If you fail the standardized test, we may dismiss you from the training program,
cancel this Agreement and refund one-half (1/2) of your Franchise Fee. If more than one individual
signs this Agreement, any one of the individuals who fails the standardized test may be dismissed from
the training program and removed from this Agreement with no refund of the Franchise Fee.

(iii)

Because the Restaurant will be at a location identified in and established under the terms of the
Contract, we do not require a Sublease. All references to the Sublease in this Agreement are deemed
deleted. You will be bound by the terms of the Contract, as amended, between us and AAFES which
is specifically incorporated into this Agreement. You agree to perform all of the obligations of
Contractor to develop and operate the Restaurant at the location at your sole expense. We or our
designee will attempt to secure a fair monthly fee for the premises but we cannot represent it will be
the best available fee for name brand fast food locations operating at AAFES sites.

(iv)

You will construct, equip, and open the Restaurant in accordance with the Operations Manual and the
Contract.

IV. You acknowledge and agree that by virtue of operating the Restaurant at an AAFES location, you will be
subject to specific laws, rules and regulations enumerated in the Contract, including but not limited to the
Service Contract Act and wage determinations issued by the United States Department of Labor. You are solely
responsible for complying with these specific laws, rules and regulations.
V.

You will operate the Restaurant in accordance with the Operations Manual which contains mandatory and
suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures and may be updated as a result of experience or
changes in the law or marketplace (the “Operations Manual”) as well as the Contract. If any provision of the
Operations Manual conflicts with the Contract, the Contract will govern.

VI. Your insurance policy must meet our requirements and AAFES’s requirements, including coverage limits and
specified additional insureds, as set forth in the Operations Manual and the Contract. To the extent of any
conflict between the insurance requirements set forth in the Operations Manual and the insurance requirements
set forth in the Contract, the requirements in the Contract will govern. You must also purchase the insurance
required by state law. You will require any subcontractor or general contractor you hire in connection with the
construction or remodel of the Restaurant to abide by the insurance requirements in the Contract. You must
provide us with a copy of your Certificate of Insurance before you order your equipment for the Restaurant.
VII. You will make prompt payment of all charges you owe to us, our Affiliates, your vendors, and AAEFS under
this Agreement, the Contract and any other Franchise Agreement you have with us, in addition to Royalty,
Fee Payments and advertising contributions, and pay all Sales Tax, other taxes, and debts of the Restaurant
and any other Subway® restaurants you operate as they become due.
VIII.

You must have our prior written approval to relocate. All of your accounts with us or our Affiliates for each
Subway® restaurant you operate must be current. You will pay all expenses and liabilities associated with
termination or expiration of the Contract and any relocation expenses as they become due. You must give
consideration to the accessibility requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) when you

