the Confidential Operations Manual and System Standards from time to time, subject to the terms of this
Agreement.
T.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. The parties agree that scanned or electronic signatures shall have the same effect and validity,
and may be relied upon in the same manner, as original signatures. You acknowledge and agree that any
owner of you or any signatory to this Agreement (including any signatory assuming this Agreement) may
sign ancillary agreements and accept system initiatives during the Term such as software license agreements
and consent to technology programs/initiatives in connection with the operation of the Restaurant, such as
remote access to your POS System, with binding effect.
25.

Acknowledgements. You represent, warrant, agree and acknowledge the following:

A.
No representation has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson of us) and
relied on by you as to the future or past income, expenses, sales volume or potential profitability, earnings
or income of the Restaurant, or any other Subway® Restaurant.
B.
No employee or other person providing services to you on our behalf has solicited or
accepted any loan, gratuity, bribe, gift or any other payment in money, property or services from you in
connection with a Subway® franchise purchase with exception of those payments or loans provided in the
Franchise Disclosure Document.
C.
No representation or statement has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson
of us) and relied on by you regarding the anticipated income, earnings and growth of us or the System, or
the viability of the business opportunity being offered under this Agreement.
D.
Before executing this Agreement, you have had the opportunity to contact all existing
franchisees of us.
E.
You have had the opportunity to independently investigate, analyze and construe both the
business opportunity being offered under this Agreement, and the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
using the services of legal counsel, accountants or other advisors (if you so elect) of your own choosing.
You have been advised to consult with your own advisors with respect to the legal, financial and other
aspects of this Agreement, the Restaurant, and the prospects for that Restaurant. You have either consulted
with these advisors or have deliberately declined to do so.
F.
No representation or statement has been made by us (or any employee, agent or salesperson
of us) and relied on by you regarding your ability to procure any required license or permit that may be
necessary to the offering of one or more of the services contemplated to be offered by the Restaurant.
G.
You acknowledge that you are a citizen or permanent resident of the United States of
America and that you have provided us with valid proof of your citizenship or permanent residency unless
otherwise approved in limited circumstances for cross-border development upon presentation of a valid
work visa.
H.
You affirm that all information set forth in all applications, financial statements and
submissions to us is true, complete and accurate in all respects, and you expressly acknowledge that we are
relying on the truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of this information.
I.
You have read and understand our Privacy Notice (contained in an exhibit to our franchise
disclosure document or available on www.Subway.com), which addresses how we use and share your
personal information, and which may be amended from time to time.

