You must review your lease to determine if there are any restrictions that would prevent you from preparing or selling
any pre-made sandwiches at the Restaurant.
III. In regard to the Standards of Quality and Performance:
If you are participating in the Grab & Go Program, you will be required to operate the Restaurant in accordance
with the Grab & Go Program terms and conditions set forth in Confidential Operations Manual, as may be updated
or amended from time to time. You will be provided with reasonable notice of any material updates or changes to
the Grab & Go Program terms and conditions and you, at your sole expense, will make any changes to the
Restaurant necessary to conform to the Grab & Go Program terms and conditions. The Grab & Go terms and
conditions will include, among other terms and conditions, standards for sales reconciliation.
IV. In regard to Term and Renewal:
You may only continue your participation in the Grab & Go Program at the relocation site with our prior written
approval.
V.

In regard to Transfer:
In the event of any transfer contemplated by Section 18 of the Agreement, you and any proposed transferee, as
applicable, must apply (or re-apply) for participation in the Grab & Go Program. We will have the right to approve
of or deny your (or the applicable transferee’s) continued participation in the Grab & Go Program based on our thencurrent eligibility requirements.

VI. In regard to Default and Termination:
If Grab & Go products are offered in addition to made-to-order sandwiches you may withdraw from the Grab & Go
Program at any time upon prior written notice to us. Upon effective withdrawal, you will immediately cease offering
all Subway® Grab & Go branded products, including pre-made sandwiches, and will cease using Subway® Grab &
Go signage, equipment, and materials. Once you have withdrawn from the Grab & Go Program, you will be required
to continue operating the Restaurant as a Subway® restaurant. Upon effective withdrawal, this Rider will be null and
void and have no further force or effect.
You acknowledge that we may discontinue the Grab & Go Program at any time and you may no longer be permitted
to participate in the Grab & Go Program or offer Grab & Go products, including pre-made sandwiches.
VII. You acknowledge and agree that the terms and conditions of this Rider provide no guarantee of success for the
Restaurant’s sales, business, or operations and that the terms of this Rider are subject to change upon reasonable
notice.
VIII.
The Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, contains the entire understanding of
the parties. The Parties can amend the Franchise Agreement further only in a signed writing. The provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider, are ratified and affirmed.
IX.

You acknowledge you read and understand this Rider and the Franchise Agreement, and consent to be bound by all
the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement, as amended and supplemented by this Rider.

