United States Department of Labor; recycling and environmental laws; privacy rules and regulations; the United
States Department of Defense rules and regulations; all laws, rules and regulations pertaining to Combating
Trafficking in Persons and segregated facilities; smoking and gambling policies; identification verification policies;
customer complaint resolution policies; customer purchase receipt rules and policies; business record requirements
(including audited financial statements); as well as certain rules, requirements and policies with respect to your
employees (pertaining to health evaluations, sanitation training, etc.). You may be required to provide a right of first
refusal to qualified employees of the previous contractor of the location for any positions in your restaurant. It is
your responsibility to research these matters and ensure compliance with them in the operation of your restaurant.
Item 5
INITIAL FEES
Extension Fee:
The above description of the extension fee also does not apply to a MCCS location established under the License
Agreement. After you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must open your restaurant within the time prescribed under
the License Agreement or we may terminate the Franchise Agreement, with no right to any extensions.
You will not sign a sublease for your restaurant located at a MCCS location. Your right to occupy the restaurant
premises is provided under the License Agreement and the sublicense we grant to you under the Franchise Agreement.
Item 6
OTHER FEES
Due monthly by the
Commission Fee Monthly Fee
and Other Fees for A percentage of the gross sales of the 10th day of the month
MCCS Locations restaurant, typically 8 to 11%, but
the percentage for your location may
be higher or lower. The monthly fee
is subject to change upon renewal or
extension of the Contract or award of
a follow-on Contract.

Advertising Fee
0.5% of total gross sales

Payable weekly

Late Payment Fee
$200 per day

If the commission fee
is not paid by 4:30
PM on the due date

2

Paid directly to MCCS.

Note 4

