2. Confidentiality. The parties expressly agree that they will maintain this Release, all drafts and discussions and
actions relating to it and this Release’s terms and conditions, in strict confidence and will not disclose the same to any third party
without the prior written consent of the other parties. The foregoing obligations will not apply to any terms that a party is ordered
by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to disclose or in connection with a third party request as part of discovery in any
court or administrative proceeding. However, the foregoing obligations of confidentiality will not apply to DAL to the extent
that DAL deems it reasonably necessary to disclose this Release or any of its terms: (a) in connection with DAL’s business and
franchise operations or in compliance with any state or federal laws, rules or regulations; and/or (b) to a limited number of
DAL’s employees, shareholders, officers, directors, actual and prospective franchisees, licensees, area representatives, investors,
purchasers of DAL’s business, lenders, attorneys, accountants and other advisors provided such persons have a need to know
such information and agree to an obligation of confidentiality. The parties agree that they will not, directly or indirectly, make
any statements or comments that are in any way disparaging, negative, not positive or not favorable toward the other parties or
any of the other parties’ products, services, trademarks or service marks, business, goodwill, reputation, conduct, DAL’s
franchisees, current or former owners, employees, officers, directors, owners, agents, representatives, clients, suppliers,
franchisees, licensees, or business activities, whether verbally, in writing, electronically or on-line. The foregoing restrictions
set forth in the preceding sentence apply to any statements made to any third parties including, without limitation, current or
former employees, news media, clients, customers, franchisees (existing or former), licensees or business associates of the other
parties, officers, representatives, contractors, vendors, suppliers or other members of the public and third party businesses
operating under a name containing the word “SUBWAY” or any word(s) similar thereto. This Section does not limit the ability
of any Franchisee Releasing Party to discuss his, her or its experience as a franchisee with prospective franchisees.
3. Miscellaneous.
(a) Severability: If any of the provisions of this Release are held invalid for any reason, the remainder of this
Release will not be affected and will remain in full force and effect.
(b) Complete Agreement: All of the terms and understandings between the parties are contained in this
Release. There are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between them. The signing and delivery of
this Release will not be construed as acknowledging any liability or responsibility on either party’s part for any claim
or matter whatsoever.
(c) Attorneys’ Fees, Etc.: In any action or dispute at law or in equity that may arise under or otherwise relate
to this Release, the prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of all of its costs and expenses, including
reasonable accounting and legal fees (including paralegal fees and expenses, witness fees, court costs, arbitrator charges,
and travel and lodging expenses).
(d) Headings and Captions: The captions preceding each section of this Release are inserted solely for
convenient reference; they do not constitute a part of this Release and do not affect its meaning, interpretation or effect.
(e) Counterparts: The parties may sign this Release in multiple counterparts. Each signed counterpart will be
an original.
(f) Joint and Several: In this Release, any words in the singular will also include the plural, as the case may
be and as the context may require. If Franchisee Releasing Parties consist of more than one person, then all of Franchisee
Releasing Parties’ obligations to DAL under this Release are joint and several.
(g) Further Assurances: The parties will take any and all actions necessary or appropriate to effectuate the
purposes of this Release; and sign any and all documents required or necessary under law or otherwise to effectuate the
provisions of this Release.
(h) Background Information and Exhibits: The background information is true and correct. This Release
will be interpreted by reference to the background information and exhibits.
(i) Law and Jurisdiction: All arbitration, dispute resolution, governing law, limitations on damages and jury
trial provisions set forth in the Franchise Agreement, will apply to this Release.

