respect to any rights afforded Sublicensor under the Master License, including, but not
limited to, any options to extend or renew the term of the Master License, options to
purchase the Premises, rights of first refusal to purchase the Premises and restrictions
against competition, such rights are not passed on to or conferred upon Sublicensee under
this Sublicense. Sublicensee acknowledges that only Sublicensor has the benefit of and
the right to exercise or enforce such rights and the failure of Sublicensor to exercise or
enforce such rights shall not be a default under the Sublicense nor entitle Sublicensee to
make any claim against Sublicensor.

2

1.2.4

In the event the Master License contains extension or renewal options, Sublicensee
agrees to provide written notice to Sublicensor of its desire to exercise its option at least
one hundred eighty days (180) prior to the date on which Sublicensor must notify the
Master Licensor of its intention to exercise its option to extend or renew the Master
License. Sublicensee agrees that Sublicensor may elect not to extend or renew the Master
License if Sublicensee fails to give Sublicensor notice as provided in this Subsection.
Furthermore, Sublicensor may elect not to extend or renew the Master License if
Sublicensee shall be in default in the performance of any of the terms of the Master
License, this Sublicense or the Franchise Agreement during the period one hundred
eighty (180) days prior to the date Sublicensor must give notice to Master Licensor.

1.2.5

If Master Licensor fails to perform its duties under the Master License, Sublicensee must
give written notice thereof to Sublicensor describing Master Licensor's default in detail.
Upon receipt of the notice, Sublicensor shall then promptly notify Master Licensor and
demand performance as required in the Master License. In the event Sublicensee wishes
to engage the services of an attorney to settle any disputes arising out of the Master
License, all fees and costs shall be borne by Sublicensee, it being understood that
Sublicensor is under no obligation to bring or defend any action brought by or against
Sublicensee, Sublicensor or Master Licensor.

1.2.6

Sublicensee shall not make any agreement with Master Licensor which could modify,
cancel or terminate the Master License.

TERM
2.1

Term. The term of this Sublicense (the “Term”) shall commence on the date shown in the Key
Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublicense (the “Commencement Date”). The Term of
this Sublicense shall expire at midnight one full day before the expiration of the Master License
(the “Expiration Date”) unless sooner terminated as provided in this Sublicense.

2.2

Possession. Possession of the Premises shall be delivered to Sublicensee on the Commencement
Date or as provided in the Master License, whichever is later.

2.3

Holdover. Sublicensee may only hold over at the expiration of the Term with the written consent
of Sublicensor. During such holdover period, Sublicensee shall pay to Sublicensor two hundred
percent (200%) of the License Fees amount that existed immediately prior to the Expiration Date.
Sublicensee agrees to comply with all holdover provisions contained in the Master License.

2.4

End of Term.
2.4.1

Fixtures and Personal property. At the expiration or earlier termination of this
Sublicense, any fixtures located on the Premises and not already owned by Sublicensor
shall become the property of Sublicensor. If, at that time, Sublicensee has fully complied
with Sublicense terms and conditions and is not in default under the Franchise
Agreement, Sublicensor hereby waives any right to claim any personal property owned
or leased by Sublicensee and located on the Premises. Subject to the terms of the
2

