be required to disable such Online Presence (including without limitation any social media account), or
transfer exclusive control and access of such Online Presence (including without limitation any social media
Account) to us, as we determine in our sole discretion.
P.

You shall comply with the covenants contained in Section 19 of this Agreement.

Q.
You shall comply with all other System Standards we periodically establish (and all
applicable law) in connection with the closure and de-identification of the Restaurant, including as relates
to disposing of Personal Information, in any form, in your possession or the possession of your employees.
R.
If you continue using the System or the Marks after termination or expiration of this
Agreement in violation of this Agreement, you will pay us Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per day
for each day you are in default, as a reasonable pre-estimate of the damages. Notwithstanding same, you
stipulate that damages from your continued use of the System or the Marks post-termination would result
in irreparable harm to us that could not adequately be compensated for by a money judgment. Therefore,
you stipulate to our right to injunctive relief in the event of any such post-termination continued use of the
System or Marks and as otherwise provided in Section 24.B.
24.

Miscellaneous.

A.
Security Interest. As security for the performance of your obligations under this
Agreement, including payments owed to us for purchase by you, you grant us a security interest in all of
the assets of the Restaurant, including but not limited to inventory, fixtures, furniture, equipment, accounts,
customer lists, supplies, contracts, cash derived from the operation of the Restaurant and sale of other assets,
and proceeds and products of all those assets. You agree to execute such other documents as we may
reasonably request in order to further document, perfect and record our security interest. If you default in
any of your obligations under this Agreement, we may exercise all rights of a secured creditor granted to
us by law, in addition to our other rights under this Agreement and at law. If a third-party lender requires
that we subordinate our security interest in the assets of the Restaurant as a condition to lending you working
capital for the operation of the Restaurant, we will agree to subordinate only pursuant to a subordination
agreement or inter-creditor agreement with such lender that we approve in our reasonable discretion.
B.
Injunctive Relief. We may enforce by judicial process any provision of this Agreement,
including our right to terminate this Agreement. You and your affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and
owners agree to entry without bond of temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctions and orders of
specific performance enforcing any of the provisions of this Agreement. If we secure any such injunctions
or order of specific performance, you further agree to pay to us an amount equal to the aggregate of our
costs of obtaining any such relief including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs of
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses, and
any damages incurred by us as a result of any breach. You agree that we may seek such relief from any
court of competent jurisdiction in addition to such further or other relief as may be available to us at law or
in equity.
C.
Severability and Substitution of Valid Provisions. All provisions of this Agreement are
severable, and this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or unenforceable
provisions were not contained herein and partially valid and enforceable provisions shall be enforced to the
extent valid and enforceable. To the extent that any covenant restricting ownership of a Competitive
Business herein is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area or length of time, but may
be made enforceable by reductions of either or both thereof, you and we agree that same shall be enforced
to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater prior
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

34

