Advertising Partners. We may share information with third parties to provide marketing
and advertisement purposes, including to provide cross-contextual behavioral
advertising on our websites.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: If you choose to enter into one of our
sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions, we may disclose your information to third
parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, as required
by law, as otherwise permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in
accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers. Your Personal Information is considered a company asset and
may be disclosed or transferred to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual
purchase, any reorganization, sale, lease, merger, joint venture, assignment,
amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal or financing of all or any portion
of our business or of any of the business assets or shares (including in connection with
any bankruptcy or similar proceeding) of the Subway Group or a division thereof, in
order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from, or to continue
the same or similar relationship with, the third party.
Legal Disclosures. We may disclose your information if we believe that the disclosure
is required by law, a subpoena or other legal process, if we believe that the disclosure is
necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, or if we believe that the disclosure will
help us protect the rights, property or safety of the Subway Group or our guests or
partners.
When You Consent. We may share your information with other companies if you give
us permission or direct us to share the information.

COOKIES AND TARGETED ADVERTISING
We use cookies and similar technologies for a wide range of purposes in our websites,
applications and email communications to deliver the Subway Services and improve
your experience. For example, we use information collected from cookies and similar
technologies to help us recognize you, customize and improve your experience, provide
security, analyze usage of the Subway Services, gather demographic information about
our user base, to offer the Subway Services to you, to monitor the success of marketing
programs, and to serve targeted advertising on our site and on other sites around the
Internet. To learn more about the categories of cookies we (and our service providers)
use and what they are used for please click on Cookie & Ad Settings.
Do Not Track: Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a
website not to track you. We do not currently respond to those signals unless noted in
this policy.

OPTING OUT
Cookies and Other Technologies

10

