In view of the different conditions encountered in operating these locations, we have to modify our Franchise Agreement
to afford ourselves and our franchisees the opportunity to compete in this type of market. We may also agree on certain
variations to the Franchise Agreement, to accommodate differences in corporate operations and expansion goals. Some
areas that may change include, but may not be limited to:
1. Timing of reporting sales by the franchisee;
2. Timing and method of payments of royalties and advertising charges;
3. Location of arbitration hearings;
4. The applicability of noncompetition clauses;
5. Commitment to maintain the form of Franchise Agreement for future purchases;
6. Limitation on overall expenses for advertising;
7. Execution of Franchise Agreement with corporation or other entity;
8. Training for the Director of Food Services and the restaurant Manager (new Managers may be required to take the
training course);
9. Elimination of the need for our affiliate to lease the premises due to your current control of the location;
10. Sale of additional franchises at the reduced franchise fee even if all existing restaurants are not in substantial
compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual), if at least 80% of the existing restaurants are in substantial
compliance;
11. Locking in of the franchise fee for additional franchises for a number of years or restaurants;
12. Permission for the franchisee to use a different POS System designed for their multiple operations;
13. Waiver of certain future amendments to the Franchise Agreement;
14. A fixed term without automatic renewal.
The Franchise Agreement for these locations consists of our standard form of Franchise Agreement and the Franchise
Agreement Rider, which amends the standard form of Franchise Agreement. In some circumstances, we may allow you
to establish a satellite or non-traditional location in an airport terminal, theme park, national park, or captive travel plaza
location and you will also sign the Franchise Agreement Rider. However, the satellite location will not be approved if
the Base Restaurant is not located in the same airport terminal, theme park, national park, or captive travel plaza. Due
to the limited value of traditional advertising for these locations, their advertising contribution is lower than the standard
contribution for advertising.
An airport terminal is defined as a building at an airport where passengers transfer between ground transportation and
the facilities that allow them to board and disembark from airplanes. In certain instances where the franchise is to be
located in an airport concession operated by a qualified Airport Concession Disadvantaged Business Entity (“ACDBE”),
we may allow the franchisee to assign the Franchise Agreement to the qualified ACDBE. In the event that the franchise
is no longer located within the airport concession the ACDBE would be required to assign the franchise agreement back
to the franchisee.
A theme park location is defined as an amusement or similar park which meets the following requirements: 1) offers a
collection of rides and/or other entertainment attractions; 2) is more elaborate than a simple city park or playground, as
it is meant to cater to entertaining large groups of people including, adults, teenagers, and small children and generally
uses architecture, signage, and landscaping to help convey the feeling that people are in a different place or time; 3) is
a permanent and not a temporary facility; 4) charges a fee for admission; and 5) has at least 400,000 visitors per year.
A national park location is defined as an area of land declared or owned by a government, set aside for human recreation
and enjoyment, animal and environmental protection, and restricted from development.
A Captive Travel Plaza is defined as having an exit and entrance via the highway only and not accessible to the town or
city. It provides the only convenient food option for those traveling on the highway and is therefore the primary driver
of traffic to the Subway® restaurant.
Note 2:

15

