We may share information collected from or about you with the following categories of
companies in the following ways:
With Affiliated Companies
The Subway Group may share your information amongst our entities in order to
administer our rewards and loyalty programs, process orders and requests, and expand
and promote our product and service offerings. Members of the Subway Group who
receive your personal information are not authorized to use or share the information,
except as set out in this Privacy Statement. We may also disclose personal information
to affiliated companies not part of the Subway Group that are related to us through
common ownership or control. For example, we may disclose personal information to
affiliates in order to enrich our understanding of our customers, improve and promote
our product and service offerings, and develop strategies for reaching new markets.
With Third Parties
Subway® Franchisees and Business Developers. If you choose to contact us or
submit a survey about your experience in a Subway® franchisee’s restaurant, we may
share your information with the Subway® franchisee in order for them to address your
request, compliment or complaint. We may also share your information with the
Business Developer who oversees the operations of the restaurant. Business
Developers are independent contractors of the Subway® franchisor who are
responsible for the growth of the franchise in a specific territory.
Subway® Master Franchisees. If you choose to participate in a Subway® loyalty
program, the relevant Subway® franchisor may share your personal data as a joint
controller for the purposes of managing the loyalty program with the master franchisee
in charge of operating Subway® restaurants in your territory.
Independent Purchasing Organizations. Depending on your region, we may share
your personal information with the applicable independent purchasing organization in
your market and their subsidiaries in connection with online purchases, registration of
gift cards and the administration of rewards and loyalty programs.
Service Providers. We may share your personal information with vendors who provide
services to us, such as business, professional or technical support functions. This
includes, but is not limited to: service providers that host or operate Subway Services;
payment processors; food delivery companies; data processing or other information
technology services; research and analytics vendors, customer experience
management services and vendors that assist with personalizing individual customer
experiences. We do not allow these vendors to use or share this information for any
purpose other than to provide services on our behalf.

9

