Note 23. Military Star Card. You are required to participate in AAFES’ Military Star Card Program and accept
payments made by guests using a Military Star Card. AAFES will charge you a 2% processing fee on all transactions
made using a Military Star Card.
Item 7
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
If you establish your restaurant at the location designated by AAFES under the Contract, your capital requirements
may vary from those stated in the chart above. You will have to abide by certain rules, regulations and policies
applicable to operating from a military base location which may increase your initial investment costs, including but
not limited to, obtaining security clearances and health screenings for you and your employees. You will be required
to construct, equip and open the restaurant to the specifications contained in the Contract in addition to the Operations
Manual, which may cause you to incur additional costs. We may offer to provide financing of the franchise fee and
certain leasehold improvements to franchisees who purchase a franchise for an AAFES location. We may also
guarantee third party equipment leases and loans for these locations only.
Note 2. Real Property:
If your restaurant will be established at the location designated by AAFES under the Contract, you will not sign a
sublease. You will pay AAFES a deposit upon award of the Contract or the award of a follow-on Contract. The
amount of the deposit will vary depending on, among other things, the size and location of the restaurant, but it is
typically calculated by multiplying AAFES’ estimated monthly sales for the location times the monthly fee
percentage and then, if applicable, dividing that amount by 2. The deposit may be refunded to you upon the
termination or expiration of the Contract, less any amounts owed to AAFES. When you commence construction of
the restaurant or renovate the restaurant, you may be required to post a bond equal to 100% of the construction costs.
You will also pay AAFES monthly fee equal to a percentage of gross sales of the restaurant, as well as other charges.
The monthly fee may increase upon renewal or extension of the Contract or upon the award of a follow-on Contract.
AAFES may assess late payment fees.
Note 3. Leasehold Improvements:
AAFES may require you to upgrade the décor of your restaurant and/or renovate the location as a condition of the
grant of the renewal or extension of the Contract for the location. You may have to post a bond equal to 100% of the
construction costs. These costs could be substantial.
Note 5. Insurance
You must also purchase the insurance coverage specified in the Contract and any additional insurance otherwise
required by state law.
in Note 5. Insurance:
In addition, your policy must name all additional insureds required under the Contract, including all Army and Air
Force Exchange System components which in turn include, but are not limited to, AAFES, the United States and any
other government entity or related instrumentality specified in the Contract.
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
You may be required to purchase products and materials required for the operation of your restaurant in accordance
with specifications provided by AAFES.
4

