5.3.4

before the commencement of any Alterations, Subtenant shall pay the amount of any
increase in premiums on insurance policies for endorsements covering the risk during
work on the Alterations and workmen’s compensation insurance covering all persons
employed in connection with that work;

5.3.5

if the estimated cost of the Alteration exceeds $20,000, Subtenant shall, at Sublandlord’s
option, furnish to Sublandlord a surety bond of a company acceptable to Sublandlord, in
an amount equal to the estimated cost of such work, or other security satisfactory to
Sublandlord, guaranteeing the completion of such work, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances; and

5.3.6

the Alterations shall comply with all federal, state and local building requirements and
codes including any disabilities related statutes or codes (collectively, the “Codes”) in
the applicable jurisdiction where the Premises are located.

All buildings, additions, improvements, fixtures and appurtenances in or on the Premises at the
Commencement Date and those which may be erected, affixed or installed in or on the Premises
during the Term are deemed to be and shall immediately become part of the Premises and the
sole property of Sublandlord. All personal property owned and installed by Subtenant (except
signs, trademarks and other insignia of Sublandlord) shall remain the property of Subtenant.
5.4

Liens. Should Subtenant cause any Alterations or Repairs to be made to the Premises, or cause
any labor to be performed or material to be furnished, neither Sublandlord nor the Premises shall
under any circumstances be liable for the payment of any expense incurred, and all such
Alterations and Repairs shall be made and performed at Subtenant’s expense. If, because of any
act or omission of Subtenant, any mechanic’s or other lien, charge, claim or order for the payment
of money shall be filed against the Premises or against Sublandlord, Subtenant shall, at its own
cost and expense, cause it to be canceled and discharged of record or bonded within thirty (30)
days after notice of filing thereof. In the event that Subtenant fails to cause any such mechanics’
or other lien, charge or order to be canceled and discharged or bonded, then, in addition, to any
other right or remedy of Sublandlord, Sublandlord may, at its option, cancel or discharge it by
paying the amount claimed to be due into court or directly to any claimant and the amount so
paid by Sublandlord and all costs and expenses including attorneys’ fees incurred for the
cancellation or discharge of such lien shall be due from Subtenant to Sublandlord as an additional
charge payable on demand.

5.5

Signs. Subtenant shall not place any signs or symbols on any portion of the Premises without
the prior written approval of Sublandlord, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed,
or conditioned.

5.6

Inspection. Fee owner, Sublandlord or their representatives shall have the right to enter the
Premises at reasonable hours of any business day to ascertain if the Premises are in proper repair
and condition, provided, that such persons will make every reasonable effort not to interfere with
customers or Subtenant’s operation of the business.

5.7

License and Laws. Subtenant shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain all necessary licenses
and/or permits that may be required for the conduct of its business; and Subtenant shall, at its
own cost and expense, promptly observe and comply with all present and future laws, ordinances,
requirements, orders, directions, rules and regulations (referred to generally as “Regulations”)
of governmental authorities having or claiming jurisdiction over the Premises or the conduct of
Subtenant’s business. By way of example, and not limitation, compliance with governmental
8

04/25 amended 12/25

