14.1 Compliance with Laws. Subconcessionaire shall at all times, at its own cost and expense,
comply with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations and standards (“Hazardous
Substance Laws”) relating to the use, analysis, production, storage, sale, disposal or
transportation of any hazardous materials, including oil or petroleum products or their
derivatives, solvents, PCB’s, explosive substances, asbestos, radioactive materials or waste, and
any other toxic, ignitable, reactive, corrosive, contaminating or pollution materials (“Hazardous
Substances”) that are now or in the future subject to any governmental regulation. Such
compliance shall include any cleanup, removal, remedial action, testing or monitoring (including
medical monitoring) which may be required under Hazardous Substance Laws, court order or by
any governmental or regulatory agency.
14.2 Indemnification by Subconcessionaire. Subconcessionaire shall indemnify, defend with
counsel reasonably acceptable to Subconcessionor, and hold Subconcessionor free and harmless
from any and all liabilities, damages, claims, penalties, fines, settlements, causes of action, costs
or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, environmental consultant and laboratory fees
and the costs and expense of investigating and defending any claims or proceedings, resulting
from or attributable to (i) the presence, disposal, migration, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substance that is on, from or affecting the Premises including the soil, water,
vegetation, buildings, personal property, persons, or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including
wrongful death) or property damage (real or personal) arising out of or relating to such Hazardous
Substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or administrative order relating to such Hazardous Substance(s);
or any violation of any laws applicable to any Hazardous Substance for which Subconcessionaire
is responsible under this Subconcession Agreement. Subconcessionaire’s indemnification
obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Subconcession Agreement.
15 MISCELLANEOUS
15.1 Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this
Subconcession Agreement shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email
to Subconcessionor at LeaseNotices@subway.com, and to Subconcessionaire at the email
address provided in the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Subconcession Agreement;
(ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in writing and sent for next business day
delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier. Notices sent via hand delivery
or via nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed directly to Subconcessionor at its offices
at Attn: Legal Department - Leasing, 1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484, and to
Subconcessionaire at the Premises, or at such other address as either party shall from time to time
designate in writing. Email notices must contain the capitalized words “LEGAL NOTICE” in
the subject line. The sender of an email notice must request a read receipt and the recipient must
allow a read receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email notices shall be effective
upon receipt by the sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the notice. Hand delivered
notices shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered. Notices sent for next business
day delivery by nationally recognized courier shall be deemed to be effective on the next business
day.
15.2 Construction. In the event that any of the provisions of this Subconcession Agreement shall by
court order be held invalid or in contravention of any of the laws of the United States or of any
state having jurisdiction over the subject matter or of any dispute arising under it, such
invalidation shall not serve to affect the remaining portion of this Subconcession Agreement. To
the extent permitted by the laws of the state where the Premises are located, this Subconcession
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of

15

