reasonable attorneys’ fees and travel expenses. However, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems
the arbitration clause unenforceable after all appeals have been exhausted, the defaulting party will
not be responsible for such costs.
15.2.8 Subject to federal or state law, if a party defaults under Section 15.3, including, but not limited to,
making a claim for special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or multiple damages, or damages in
excess of the amount permitted, the defaulting party must correct its claim and will be responsible
for all expenses incurred by the other party, including attorneys' fees, and will be liable for abuse
of process.
15.2.9 The parties agree that all statutes of limitations and deadlines provided for in the governing law
that is applied to the arbitration shall have full force and effect, unless a shorter limitations period
is provided in 15.3 and is enforceable under applicable law.
15.3

Waivers.
15.3.1 Limitation of Claims and Certain Damages; Class Action Bar. Except for claims arising from your
non-payment or underpayment of amounts you owe us, any and all claims arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the relationship between you and us will be barred unless an action or
proceeding is commenced in accordance with this Agreement within one (1) year from the date the
party asserting the claim knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to such claims. You
and we agree that any proceeding will be conducted on an individual basis, and that any proceeding
between us (or any of our affiliates) and you or your owners may not be: (i) conducted on a classwide basis or as a collective action, (ii) consolidated with another proceeding between us and any
other person or entity, nor may any claims of another party or parties be joined with any claims
asserted in any action or proceeding between you and us, (iii) joined with any claim of an
unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on your behalf by any association or agency. No previous
course of dealing shall be admissible to explain, modify, or contradict the terms of this Agreement.
No implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing shall be used to alter the express terms of this
Agreement.
15.3.2 Waiver of Punitive, Exemplary and Consequential Damages and Jury Trial. EXCEPT FOR
YOUR OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY US FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, YOU AND
WE HEREBY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT
TO OR CLAIM FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER AND AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY
DISPUTE BETWEEN US WE EACH SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE RECOVERY OF
ANY ACTUAL DAMAGES SUSTAINED. YOU AND WE IRREVOCABLY WAIVE
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY US OR YOU.

15.4

No Limitation. No right or remedy conferred on or reserved to us or you by this Agreement is intended to
be, nor must be deemed, exclusive of any other right or remedy set forth in this Agreement or by law or
equity provided or permitted, but each must be cumulative of every other right or remedy.

15.5

Injunctive Relief. Nothing set forth in this Agreement contained will bar our right to obtain injunctive relief
against threatened conduct that must cause it loss or damages, under the usual equity rules, including the
applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions.

15.6

Cost and Attorneys’ Fees. If either party Initiates a judicial or other proceeding, the party prevailing in such
proceeding shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’
fees. If we become a party to any action or proceeding commenced or instituted against us by a third party

11

