8.3.3

stand by and do nothing, and hold Subconcessionaire liable for all Concession Fees,
Additional Concession Fees and other Additional Charges payable under this
Subconcession Agreement through the Expiration Date.

If Subconcessionor does not notify Subconcessionaire which remedy it is pursuing, or if
Subconcessionor’s notice to Subconcessionaire does not expressly state that Subconcessionor is
exercising its remedies under Section 8.3.1 or Section 8.3.3, then it shall be deemed that
Subconcessionor is pursuing the remedy set forth in Section 8.3.2. If Subconcessionor exercises
the option in Section 8.3.1 or 8.3.2, Subconcessionaire agrees to immediately and peacefully
surrender the Premises to Subconcessionor, and if Subconcessionaire refuses to do so,
Subconcessionor may without further notice reenter the Premises either by force or otherwise
and dispossess Subconcessionaire by summary proceedings or otherwise, as well as the legal
representative(s) of Subconcessionaire and/or other occupant(s) of the Premises, and remove
their effects.
8.4

Acceleration. If Subconcessionor exercises the remedies in Section 8.3.3 of this Subconcession
Agreement, Subconcessionaire shall immediately pay to Subconcessionor as damages for loss of
the bargain caused by Subconcessionaire’s default, and not as a penalty, in addition to any other
damages, an aggregate sum that represents the present value of the full amount of the Concession
Fees, Additional Concession Fees and all other Additional Charges payable by
Subconcessionaire hereunder that would have accrued for the balance of the Term.

8.5

Suits. Suit or suits for the recovery of the deficiency or damage or for any installment or
installments of Concession Fees, Additional Concession Fees or any other charge due under this
Subconcession Agreement may be brought by Subconcessionor at any time or, at
Subconcessionor’s election, from time to time, and nothing in this Subconcession Agreement
shall be deemed to require Subconcessionor to wait until the Expiration Date to bring suit.

8.6

Waiver. Subconcessionaire hereby expressly waives service of any notice of intention to reenter.
Subconcessionaire hereby waives any and all rights to recover or to regain possession of the
Premises or to reinstate or to redeem this Subconcession Agreement as permitted or provided by
any statute, law or decision now or hereafter in force and effect. No receipt of monies by
Subconcessionor from Subconcessionaire after the cancellation or termination of the
Subconcession Agreement shall reinstate, continue or extend the Subconcession Agreement, or
affect any prior notice given to Subconcessionaire or operate as a waiver of the right of
Subconcessionor to enforce the payment of Concession Fees and Additional Concession Fees
then due or subsequently falling due, or operate as a waiver of the right of Subconcessionor to
recover possession of the Premises by suit, action, proceeding or other remedy, and any and all
moneys so collected shall be deemed to be payments on account of the use and occupancy of the
Premises, or at the election of Subconcessionor, on account of Subconcessionaire’s liability under
this Subconcession Agreement.

8.7

Proof of Claim. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Subconcessionor to
prove and obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization or dissolution proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute
or rule of law governing such proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less
than the amount of the damages referred to in any of the preceding sections.

8.8

Injunction. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Subconcessionaire of any of its
Subconcession Agreement obligations, Subconcessionor shall have the right to enjoin and
restrain the breach and to invoke any remedy allowed by law or in equity, in addition to other
remedies provided in this Subconcession Agreement.

12

