Program/Type of
Location
Co-Branded
Locations8

Addendum/Rider

Description

Co-Brand Location
Rider (Exhibit A-9)

We have entered into a co-branding agreement with Auntie Anne’s,
Inc. to permit qualified franchisees to establish AUNTIE ANNE’S®
stores in connection with their Subway® restaurants located in
certain Walmart and non-traditional locations, as approved by us.
These co-brand opportunities are being offered to eligible
franchisees on a limited basis.

Walmart® Rider
(Exhibit A-4), if
applicable
Auntie Anne’s®
Rider (Exhibit A-5),
if applicable
Subway® Catering
Program9

N/A
Our approval
required only

Store Option
Programs (“SOP”),
Marketwide Option
Programs (“MOP”),
and Product
Innovation10

N/A

Grab & Go Program

Grab & Go (On-Site)
Rider (Exhibit A-14)

Our approval
required only

All restaurants are required to participate in our basic catering
program, which may include online catering. The catering menu
features the following core items: Sandwich and Wrap platters,
Lunch box meals, toppings platters, cookie platters and cookies by
the dozen. You also have the option to participate in ezOrdering,
the white label online ordering experience on Subway.com as well
as ezCater marketplace, both powered by ezCater.
In addition to our core menu offerings, we have other product
options that fall under the SOP or MOP such as packaging
materials, cleaning products and food items including but not
limited to pizza, cheese, mustard, soda, coffee, cookies, and pie. If
we designate a product as a SOP item, we will approve restaurants
to use or sell the product on a restaurant-by-restaurant basis.
Individual franchisees make the decision on SOP items and these
decisions impact only their restaurant. If we designate a product as
a MOP item, we will approve restaurants to use or sell the product
by advertising markets. We designed the MOP program to promote
consistency of items throughout an advertising market. Under the
MOP policies, the Business Developers make decisions together
that impact all restaurants in the entire market.
If you meet our then current eligibility requirements and receive
our approval, you may prepare and sell certain premade products at
your restaurant as part of our Grab & Go Program. Terms,
conditions, specification and standards for the Grab & Go Program
are set forth in the Grab & Go (On-Site) Rider and the Manual, and
may be amended from time to time.

Note 1:
We may enter into and negotiate Franchise Agreements with large institutional-type franchisees and Food Service
Providers that operate non-traditional locations. Examples of large institutional-type franchisees include convenience
store operators, food service management companies, large institutions (currently defined as entities which provide their
own food services with the number of outlets or net worth we determine appropriate), cooperatives, hospitals, non-profit
corporations, colleges, other schools, foundations, or governmental agencies or entities. A Food Service Provider is a
company that is either privately owned or publicly traded; is not government owned, supported or operated; provides
contract foodservice and/or concession foodservice; meets certain minimum accounts and annual revenue levels on a
consolidated basis as we set from time to time. We will not negotiate with individual franchisees who do not represent
large institutional accounts, chains, cooperatives, hospitals, non-profit corporations, colleges, other schools,
foundations, or governmental agencies or entities.
14

