damages, claims, penalties, fines, settlements, causes of action, costs or expense, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, environmental consultant and laboratory fees and the costs and
expense of investigating and defending any claims or proceedings, resulting from or attributable
to (i) the presence, disposal, migration, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
that is on, from or affecting the Premises including the soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal
property, persons, or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including wrongful death) or property
damage (real or personal) arising out of or relating to such Hazardous Substance(s); (iii) any
lawsuits or administrative order relating to such Hazardous Substance(s); or any violation of any
laws applicable to any Hazardous Substance for which Subtenant is responsible under this
Sublease. Subtenant’s indemnification obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of this Sublease.
15 MISCELLANEOUS
15.1 Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this
Sublease shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to Sublandlord at
LeaseNotices@subway.com, and to Subtenant at the email address provided in the Key Contract
Data at the beginning of this Sublease; (ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii)
in writing and sent for next business day delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized
courier. Notices sent via hand delivery or via nationally-recognized courier shall be addressed
directly to Sublandlord at its offices at Attn: Legal Department - Leasing, 1 Corporate Drive,
Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484, and to Subtenant at the Premises, or at such other address as
either party shall from time to time designate in writing. Email notices must contain the
capitalized words “LEGAL NOTICE” in the subject line. The sender of an email notice must
request a read receipt and the recipient must allow a read receipt to be sent on or before the next
business day. Email notices shall be effective upon receipt by the sender of the read receipt from
the recipient of the notice. Hand delivered notices shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery,
if delivered. Notices sent for next business day delivery by nationally recognized courier shall
be deemed to be effective on the next business day.
15.2 Construction. In the event that any of the provisions of this Sublease shall by court order be
held invalid or in contravention of any of the laws of the United States or of any state having
jurisdiction over the subject matter or of any dispute arising under it, such invalidation shall not
serve to affect the remaining portion of this Sublease. To the extent permitted by the laws of the
state where the Premises are located, this Sublease shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, and otherwise shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State where the Premises are located.
15.3 Successors. This Sublease shall bind Sublandlord and Subtenant and their successors, heirs,
assigns, administrators, and legal representatives, as the case may be.
15.4 Counterparts. This Sublease may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together
shall be construed as one and the same document. Executed counterparts of this Sublease with
signatures sent by electronic mail (i.e., in PDF format) or signed electronically via DocuSign
may be used in the place of original signatures of this Sublease. The parties intend to be bound
by the signatures of the electronically mailed or signed signatures and the delivery of the same
shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Sublease. The parties
hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of this terms of this Sublease based on the form
of the signature or delivery thereof and hereby agree that such electronically mailed or signed
15
04/25 amended 12/25

