arising out of or relating to any claimed or actual act, error or omission of yours, by virtue of statutory,
“vicarious“, “principal/agent” or other liabilities asserted against or imposed on us as a result of our status
as franchisor, or if we become a party to any litigation or any insolvency proceeding involving you pursuant
to any bankruptcy or insolvency code (including any adversary proceedings in conjunction with bankruptcy
or insolvency proceedings), then you will be liable to, and must promptly reimburse us for, the reasonable
attorneys’ fees, experts’ fees, court costs, travel and lodging costs and all other expenses we incur in such
action or proceeding regardless of whether such action or proceeding proceeds to judgment. In addition, we
will be entitled to add all costs of collection, interest, attorneys’ fees and experts’ fees to our proof of claim
in any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding you file.
15.7

Joint and Several Liability. Each individual or entity signing this Agreement as the Developer will be jointly
and severally liable.

16

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

16.1

No Conflicting Obligations. Each party represents and warrants to the others that there are no other
agreements, court orders, or any other legal obligations that would preclude or in any manner restrict such
party from: (a) negotiating and entering into this Agreement; (b) exercising its rights under this Agreement;
and/or (c) fulfilling its responsibilities under this Agreement.

16.2

Your Responsibility for the Choice of Subway® Restaurant Sites. You acknowledge that you have sole and
complete responsibility for the choice of the sites at which Subway® Restaurants will be operated; that we
have not (and will not be deemed to have, even by our acceptance of the sites that will become the locations
at which Subway® Restaurants will be operated) given any representation, promise, or guarantee of your
success at the locations; and that you are solely responsible for your own success within the Subway®
Restaurants.

16.3

Your Responsibility for Operation of Your Subway® Restaurants. Although we retain the right to establish
and periodically modify System standards, which you have agreed to maintain in the operation of the
Subway® Restaurants contemplated hereunder, you retain the right and sole responsibility for the day-today management and operation of the Subway® Restaurants and the implementation and maintenance of
System standards at the Subway® Restaurants contemplated hereunder.

16.4

Different Offerings to Others. You acknowledge and agree that we may modify the offer of our development
rights to other parties in any manner and at any time, which offers and agreements may have terms,
conditions, and obligations that may differ from the terms, conditions, and obligations in this Agreement.

16.5

No Waiver. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
[Signature Page Follows]

12

