Advertising Fee. You will pay us the 4.5% advertising fee in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, except as noted
below. We recommend you set aside, at your sole option, an additional minimum of 2.5% of gross sales to be used for
advertising geared specifically to your restaurant. Any company or affiliate owned restaurants contribute to the
Advertising Fund (defined below) on the same basis as franchisees.
The advertising fee is the same for anyone currently buying a franchise, except as stated in Item 6.
Advertising Fund Administration. We will deposit your 4.5% advertising contribution into an advertising fund, which
contains all of the advertising contributions paid by franchisees in the United States, and which for accounting purposes,
is not considered a restricted account (the “Advertising Fund”). We and our designee may negotiate programs and
advertising contributions with suppliers, and specify that these advertising contributions be placed into the Advertising
Fund to be used solely for advertising. In limited circumstances, we or our affiliates may request a vendor to forward its
advertising contributions directly to advertising agencies or service providers for the purpose of providing advertising
services to franchisees.
SFAFT currently administers the Advertising Fund through a Board of Trustees that we or our affiliates appoint. Those
Trustees are all employees and/or officers of us or our affiliates, and the Board of Trustees does not consist of
franchisees. The Board of Trustees will consist of 1 or more trustees; currently one. SFAFT BV administers the
Advertising Fund in U.S. Virgin Islands. All disclosures in this Item 11 regarding SFAFT also apply to SFAFT BV.
SFAFT will disburse money from the Advertising Fund, including vendor contributions for advertising, to national and
local markets solely for advertising related expenses for the benefit of franchisees in conformance with our published
policies and procedures, except for the portion of vendor advertising contributions allocated to specific SFAFT
promotions. SFAFT will prepare an unaudited annual accounting summary of the Advertising Fund, which will be
available upon written request from a franchisee.
SFAFT was not formed to make a profit. If SFAFT has any income, SFAFT will use it solely for the collective
advertising and promotional benefit of the Subway® franchisees, and no part will benefit solely us or any individual
franchisee.
Allocation and Use of Advertising Fund Contributions. The allocation of Advertising Fund contributions is determined
by SFAFT with input from us and the franchisee advisory board, in conformance with SFAFT policies and procedures.
Generally, your contributions to the Advertising Fund are allocated to two main areas: overhead or administrative
expenses, and national advertising. A portion of your advertising funds may also be used to fully or partially fund
advertising and marketing related brand initiatives, such as the Sub Club Program. A small portion of the advertising
funds are occasionally used for local and regional promotions. SFAFT does not use any portion of the advertising
contributions to solicit new franchise sales. SFAFT plans to commit the advertising funds for advertising for the
upcoming year by the end of the fiscal year. Excess funds may be used for media placements or promotions for the
upcoming year.
During the last fiscal year of SFAFT ending on December 31, 2024, SFAFT spent approximately 75% of its total revenue
in the United States on U.S. network media placement and other media-related expenses, 20% on production of
advertisements, promotional materials, and marketing related activities such as loyalty programs and other technology
initiatives, and 9% on administrative expenses. Total expenses for 2024 were approximately 105% of total revenues.
SFAFT may purchase advertising on radio and television, in newspapers, direct mail, free standing inserts, and other
advertising and promotional vehicles, on the national and local level. Advertising expenditures at the local level are
intended to benefit all franchisees within the local market and advertising expenditures at the national level are intended
to benefit all franchisees in the US.
In the future, we or one of our affiliates may commission the production of advertising materials, including television
commercials, which we or they will offer to franchisees on the national and local level. We and our affiliates do not
need permission from SFAFT to produce advertising materials. Generally, the costs for production of these materials
are included in the portion of Advertising Fund contributions allocated to overhead or administrative expenses.
65

