EXHIBIT A-4-1
Walmart 04/2025 amended 12/2025
WALMART ADDENDUM
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as Required
by the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, amended September 4, 2025, and amended December 1, 2025,
(the “Franchise Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC.
Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
Walmart Locations. We offer franchises for restaurants to be located within the premises of retail establishments owned by
Walmart Stores, Inc., Walmart Stores East, LP, Walmart Louisiana, LLC and Walmart Texas, LLC (“Walmart”). Pursuant
to a Master Lease Agreement dated March 31, 2010, Walmart leased space within certain Walmart stores to Twin Towers
Trading Site Management, LLC (“TTTSM”) solely for the purpose of operating Subway® restaurants (“Master Lease
Location”). On March 31, 2010, TTTSM entered into a Master Sublease Agreement with SRL. Under the terms of the
Master Sublease, a sublease will be executed between TTTSM and SRL for each restaurant premises and will be
incorporated into the Master Sublease. If your restaurant will be located within a Walmart store, you will enter into a SubSublease Agreement with SRL for the premises (the “Sub-Sublease”), in a form substantially similar to Exhibit A-4-2.
Walmart location franchises are sold for specific locations and are operated as full service restaurants. If you purchase a
franchise to be located in a Walmart, you will be required to sell any items agreed and authorized by us which will include
additional snack menu items not typically found in all Subway® restaurants. You are required to participate in a snack
program and offer an expanded menu of snack items. The Franchise Agreement for a Walmart location consists of our
standard form of the Franchise Agreement and Walmart Location Rider.

If you are interested in a satellite, non-traditional, school lunch, community development, or Walmart location, you should
read the riders for these locations and this Disclosure Document carefully. These riders amend the standard form franchise
agreement in several very important respects. We offer non-traditional restaurants, satellite restaurants, community
development restaurants, school lunch restaurants, and Walmart location restaurants by this Disclosure Document. We set
out the disclosure differences regarding the licensing of these locations in the relevant Items. Except where we point out
these differences, references throughout this Disclosure Document to a restaurant and a Franchise Agreement also apply to
a non-traditional location, a satellite location, a community development location, a school lunch location, a Walmart
location, and the Franchise Agreement for these locations.
If you are operating a co-branded Walmart location, you may be required under the terms of the Master Sublease to continue
operating it as a co-branded location throughout the term of your Sub-Sublease, including any extension. In the event you
elect to discontinue operating the third party franchisor’s concept currently operating at your co-branded Walmart location,
you may be required to operate a replacement third party franchisor’s concept (“Replacement Concept”), which has been
approved by us. You may be required under the terms of the Master Sublease to begin operation of the Replacement Concept
at your Walmart location within 120 days after you have ceased operation of the previous third party franchisor’s concept.
You may have additional time to open the Replacement Concept, if you have diligently pursued its opening and can
demonstrate to us that the delayed opening of the Replacement Concept is due to circumstances beyond your control. You
may be required under the terms of the Master Sublease to operate each third party concept operating at your Walmart
location for a minimum of 12 consecutive months.
Item 6
OTHER FEES
Location Rent and
Additional Fees for

Walmart Sub-Sublease:

Payable monthly in arrears
1

Location Rent and
additional fees are paid to

