Franchise:
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM FOR STATE OF MINNESOTA
This Addendum (“Addendum”) dated
(the “Effective Date”) amends and supplements the
Franchise Agreement of the same date between Doctor’s Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with a
principal office in Shelton, Connecticut (“we” or “us” or “DAL”), and
(“you”). The Franchise Agreement, as amended by this Addendum, will be
called this “Agreement”. Capitalized terms used in this Rider that are defined in the Franchise Agreement will have the
meanings given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS:
A. The parties agree it is their intent and desire to amend this Agreement to comply with the requirements set forth in
the Minnesota Franchise Act (“Franchise Act”). The parties are signing this Addendum, in part, to comply with the
Franchise Act. The parties agree that if it is later believed by a party or otherwise determined that the Franchise
Agreement fails to comply with the Franchise Act, the parties will further modify the Franchise Agreement so that it
will be in compliance.
AGREEMENT:
Acknowledging and agreeing to Recital above, which is added to the Recitals of the Franchise Agreement and is herein
incorporated by reference in the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any provisions of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the parties agree to amend and supplement the Franchise Agreement as follows:
I.
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non-renewal rights. Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14,
subd. 3,4,5 require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given ninety (90) days’ notice of termination
(with sixty (60) days to cure) and one hundred eighty (180) days’ notice for non-renewal of this Agreement.
II.
We will reimburse you for all damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding arising out of the use of
any trade or service mark in compliance with this Agreement.
III.
According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 2860.4400, subd. D "it shall be unfair and inequitable for any person to: require a
franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed
by Minnesota Statutes 1973 Supplement, sections 80C.01 to 80C.22; provided, that this part shall not bar the voluntary
settlement of disputes.”
IV.
SECTION 24 SHALL NOT IN ANY WAY ABROGATE OR REDUCE ANY RIGHTS OF THE
FRANCHISEE AS PROVIDED FOR IN MINNESOTA STATUTES 1984, CHAPTER 80C, INCLUDING THE
RIGHT TO SUBMIT MATTERS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS IN MINNESOTA.
V.

Sections 25.A through 25.F of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

VI.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed with the franchise.

2

