application for a franchise completed by the proposed transferee (buyer) including personal
financial statements of such proposed transferee (buyer); the cost estimate of the Remodeling
Requirements, and the opportunity to conduct an in-person interview with such proposed transferee
(buyer).
5.
The transfer fee may be refunded only if we have not yet issued the consent-totransfer, and you and the buyer cancel the transfer. However, if the consent-to-transfer has already
been issued, and (i) you and/or the buyer cancel the transfer, or (ii) we cancel the transfer because
you and the buyer failed to complete the transfer within sixty (60) days after you received the
consent-to-transfer, we will not refund any portion of the transfer fee. If you and the buyer desire
to reactivate a transfer cancelled under these circumstances, and we approve, the parties must repay
the full transfer fee.
D.
Franchisor Right of First Refusal. If you or your owners shall obtain a bona fide,
executed written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser in respect of a proposed transfer,
including the purchase of an interest in this Agreement, any Restaurant or a group of Restaurants, or an
ownership interest in you, you shall submit an exact copy of such offer to us, along with any other
information that we may reasonably request. We shall have the right, exercisable by written notice delivered
to you or your owners within thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of an exact copy of such offer and
all reasonably requested information to us, to purchase such interest for the price and on the terms and
conditions contained in such offer, provided that we shall be entitled to customary warranties, closing
documents and post-closing indemnifications, may substitute cash for any other form of payment proposed
in such offer and shall have not less than sixty (60) days to prepare for closing. If we do not exercise our
right of first refusal, or if we exercise our right of first refusal only with respect to less than all Restaurants
subject to the offer, you or your owners may complete the sale (or partial sale, as applicable) to such
purchaser pursuant to and on the terms of such offer, subject to our written approval of the purchaser as
provided in sub-sections B and C of this Section; provided that if the sale to such purchaser is not completed
within one hundred twenty (120) days after delivery of such offer to us, or if there is a material change in
the terms of the sale, we shall again have the right of first refusal herein provided.
E.
Death or Disability of Franchisee. Upon your death or permanent disability or, if you are
a corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
partnership interest, equity or voting control of you, the executor, administrator, conservator or other
personal representative of such person shall assign this Agreement or such interest in you to a third party
approved in writing by us. Such disposition of such interest in you shall be completed within a reasonable
time, not to exceed twelve (12) months from the date of death or permanent disability, and shall be subject
to all the terms and conditions applicable to assignments contained in sub-sections B and C of this Section
and elsewhere in this Agreement; except that, where the assignee is an heir, devisee, legatee or next of kin
or immediate family, the assignee shall assume this Agreement and any ancillary agreements, and shall not
be required to execute our then-current form of franchise agreement and ancillary agreements, and shall
pay a transfer fee of $200. Failure to so dispose of this Agreement or such interest in you within said period
of time shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. Pending disposition, we shall have the right to approve
the management of the Restaurant owned by you. References to “immediate family” as used in this
Agreement shall mean parents, spouses, children and siblings, and the parents, children and siblings of
spouses.
F.
Effect of Consent to Assignment. Our consent to a transfer, including an assignment of
this Agreement or any interest subject to the restrictions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of any
claims we may have against the assignor, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of our right to demand exact
compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement by the assignee or by the assignor.
19.

Covenants.

