Doctor’s Associates LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)

Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(dollars in thousands)
intellectual property and are recognized as franchisee sales occur and the royalty is deemed
collectible.
The Company’s primary performance obligations under the franchise agreement include granting
certain rights to access the Company’s intellectual property and a variety of activities relating to
opening a franchise unit, including site selection, training and other such activities commonly
referred to collectively as “pre-opening activities.
Initial franchise fees allocated to the right to access the Company’s intellectual property are
recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective franchise agreement
and are included within “Deferred revenues” on the accompanying balance sheets.
Transfer fees received from an existing franchisee for the transfer of their franchise unit to another
franchisee are earned upon completion of the transfer.
The Company capitalizes direct and incremental costs, principally consisting of commissions,
associated with a new franchisee and amortizes these costs over the term of the respective
franchise agreement.
Vendor Funds Revenue and Vendor Funds Receivable
The Company has entered into certain preferred vendor arrangements for which it earns
a commission or rebate payable by the vendor based on a percentage or volume of purchases
made by its franchisees. These funds are intended to be used by the Company for the benefit of
the franchisees and offset various initiatives administered and rolled-out by the Company.
Commissions and vendor rebates are recognized in the period purchases are made or per contract
specifications.
The Company is also party to strategic capital initiative fund agreements. In such situations,
the Company receives payment upfront or based on a payment schedule in order to fulfill certain
strategic initiatives as described by the vendor during the life of the contract. The upfront payments
are recognized ratably in income over the life of the contract and are included within “Deferred
revenues” on the accompanying balance sheets.
Master Franchise Agreement
The Company enters into contracts granting rights to the Subway brand to master franchisees in
a particular country or defined geographic territory. These contracts are referred to as Master
Franchise Agreements (“MFAs”). MFAs require the master franchisees to open a designated
number of franchise units within a specified time period, defines an exclusivity period, during which
no other franchisee can operate in a designated area and requires the master franchisee to pay
a nonrefundable upfront fee upon entering into the MFA. For each individual location opened
under the MFA, a separate franchisee agreement between the MFA and franchisee is then
executed, resulting in additional fees, such as initial franchise fees, royalties, and other fees, to
become due and payable. MFAs require the master franchisee to pay the Company a royalty
based on a percentage of sales. Royalty percentages vary among markets and may also vary
based on certain incentives and concessions. MFA royalty revenue is included within “Franchise
royalties” in the accompanying statements of income. Revenues from MFAs represents 1% of
“Total revenue” in 2024, 2023, and 2022.

8

