´éĚ
´éĚ
´éĚ

HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
CHILDRENÔÇÖS PRIVACY
OUR SECURITY

ABOUT THIS STATEMENT
The Subway Group. The Subway Group (ÔÇťwe,ÔÇŁ ÔÇťusÔÇŁ or ÔÇťourÔÇŁ) is made up of a variety of
companies including but not limited to, Subway IP LLC (the owner of our proprietary
system for establishing and operating restaurants in order to develop Subway┬«
restaurants worldwide), FWH Technologies, LLC (the owner and licensor of the
SubwayPOS┬« software for use in Subway┬« restaurants worldwide), Franchise World
Headquarters, LLC (a service-oriented company that provides core business-related
services to other Subway Group entities), the Subway┬« franchisors (which offer and sell
franchises worldwide), and the Subway┬« advertising entities (which administers national
and local advertising funds and activity for Subway┬« restaurants and Subway┬«
franchisees worldwide).
What this statement applies to. This Privacy Statement applies to the personal information that
the Subway Group collects as a controller when you interact with the Subway┬« brand online and
offline. This includes information collected through our websites, WiFi services or similar
technology provided in Subway┬« restaurants, branded pages on third party platforms (i.e. social
networking services), mobile applications, and through our direct marketing campaigns or other
communications, as well as, when you purchase our products, request delivery and carry-out
services, subscribe to our news and offers, enter into one of our promotions or contact customer
support, apply for employment, or apply to become a franchisee (collectively, ÔÇťSubway
ServicesÔÇŁ).
What this statement does not apply to. This Privacy Statement does not apply to (1)
Subway Services that show a different privacy statement (2) third party websites
including websites that are operated by Subway┬« franchisees, or (3) when you interact
with us as an employee. Subway┬« restaurants are owned and operated by
independent Subway┬« franchisees. Each restaurant is solely and independently
responsible for its legal and regulatory compliance and this Privacy Statement does not
apply to Subway┬« franchisees or to websites or mobile apps they operate. Please see
Subway┬« franchiseesÔÇÖ privacy notices for information on how they use customer
information. There may also be times we have a link to third party websites. If you
choose to visit those websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those
websites before submitting your personal information. Some third parties may choose
to share information about their users with us; that sharing is governed by that
companyÔÇÖs privacy policy and not this Privacy Statement.
Changes to this statement. If we make any material changes to this statement, we
will notify you by means of a notice on this site or by an email (sent to the email address
specified in your account). Where we are required by applicable data protection laws,
we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use your

2

