Type of Fee
Menu Board
Translites,
Promotional
and
Operational
Items

Amount
$500 - $750 for 4
– 6 menu board
translates

Description
You must purchase your initial supply of menu board translites from us or
SFAFT, unless we designate otherwise. The estimated cost for menu board
translites is $125. You must also buy decals and replacement menu board
translites from us or SFAFT, and certain operational items from the supplier we
designate. The estimated cost is less than $600 and is non-refundable.

$8,000 – $14,000
for digital menu
boards

Once available, you may have the option to purchase digital menu boards
typically consisting of four television screens, media players, HDMI cables,
and menu content management services from us, an affiliate or a designated
supplier. The estimated cost to purchase and install the digital menu boards are
$8,000 to $14,000. Ongoing licensing fees and support fees may apply.
Alternatively, you may opt to lease them through our approved supplier’s
Hardware-as-a-service program, currently $155 per month. In the future, we
may require you to purchase digital menu boards.

$155/mo. digital
menu board
HaaS program
Training
Cancellation
Fee

$100

If you register for and fail to attend the training program, or if you cancel a
registration for the training program with less than 10 business days' notice, you
must pay the non-refundable cancellation fee.

Purchase Price
of a Company
or AffiliateOwned
Restaurant4
POS System
Hardware
Costs5

Varies

If you are purchasing a company or affiliate-owned restaurant, you must sign a
Franchise Agreement and pay the initial franchise fee that applies to you. You
must pay the purchase price in cash or by certified check. Financing is available
for some of the purchase price.

$57/mo.

You are required to use a computer-based point-of-sale system (the “POS
System”) which must be obtained from an approved POS hardware vendor.
Currently, our approved hardware vendor is Hewlett Packard (“HP”). We may
change hardware vendors or approve one or more additional hardware vendors
in the future. You are required to enroll in the hardware-as-a-service component
of our Restaurant Technology as a Service (“RTaaS”) program with HP to
obtain a POS System. We estimate the cost of the base package in the RTaaS
program to be $57 per month, exclusive of tax and shipping charges, which
must be paid to us, our affiliate, designee or directly to HP, as we require.

27

