(“Rescission Period”). Unless revoked by Tenant during the Rescission Period, upon expiration of
the Rescission Period, Tenant’s exercise of the renewal option shall be binding and irrevocable.
8. Use. Tenant’s permitted use shall be defined as a restaurant for on and off premises consumption or
for any other lawful purpose (the “Permitted Use”). Landlord acknowledges that Tenant’s menu
consists primarily of sandwiches, wraps, salads and related items and that from time to time Tenant
may add test items to its menu. Landlord further agrees that Tenant may add, delete and/or change
its menu without the prior consent of Landlord provided that Tenant complies with all local codes
and ordinances, and Landlord represents and warrants that Landlord has no preexisting agreements
prohibiting such menu additions. In no event shall Tenant’s menu be construed as limited to
sandwiches and salads. Without limiting the foregoing, Tenant may sell pizza, fruit smoothies and/or
yogurt. Tenant may, but shall not be required to, remain open seven (7) days per week twenty-four
(24) hours per day. Landlord acknowledges that the normal operation of Tenant’s business will create
certain aromas including but not limited to the aroma of baking bread. Landlord represents that
Tenant’s Permitted Use is permitted by all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules
and regulations, all court orders, governmental directives, and governmental orders and all
interpretations of the foregoing, and all restrictive covenants or zoning laws.
9. Co-Tenancy. If at any time during the Term of the Lease, less than seventy-five percent (75%) of
the square feet in the Building is fully occupied and open for business, Tenant shall have the option
upon five (5) days written notice to Landlord to either (i) cancel the Lease; or (ii) conduct business
and pay an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the current minimum rent and additional rent
monthly. Tenant shall not be responsible for paying minimum rent and additional rent until at least
seventy-five percent (75%) of the square feet in the Building is occupied and open for business.
10. Competition. Landlord agrees and understands that the following exclusive language is a material
inducement for Tenant to enter into this Amendment. Landlord agrees not to sell, lease, let, use or
permit to be used, any property owned or controlled by Landlord within one (1) mile of the Premises
now or at any time during the initial Term of the Lease or any renewal thereof to any entity including,
but not limited to, food trucks, kiosks and mobile food carts, which sells or serves made to order
food or pre-packaged sandwiches, including but not limited to convenience stores. Further, Landlord
agrees that current tenants shall be prohibited from adding items to their menus which conflict with
this exclusive right. Landlord warrants that Tenant shall not be in violation of any other exclusive
rights as of the Effective Date. Further, Landlord shall indemnify, defend and hold Tenant harmless
from any third party claim or suit regarding any other exclusive right granted by Landlord. Landlord
agrees to provide Tenant with all current and future exclusivity agreements with other tenants.
11. ADA Compliance. Landlord warrants that the Premises are fully in compliance with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990 (“ADA”) and any revisions made there under, including but not limited
to, any Standards and Regulations as they may change from time to time. Landlord agrees to
indemnify Tenant for any damages ensuing from a lawsuit brought either by an individual or the
attorney general for violation of the ADA, as well as any applicable local accessibility ordinances.
Any alterations required to bring the Building into compliance with the ADA or other local
accessibility ordinances shall be the Landlord’s sole expense and responsibility, and any charges
incurred by the Landlord shall not be charged back to the Tenant either as part of the common area
maintenance charges, or otherwise.
12. Décor and Signage. Landlord hereby gives its consent to Tenant to construct the interior and
exterior of Premises in accordance with standard Subway® decor and to erect standard Subway®
signs/awnings on the building. Tenant’s signs shall measure at least 36” high and extend the length
of the fascia. The phrase “standard Subway® signs” shall be deemed to include existing pole signs,
3

