To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the
amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information; the potential risk of harm
from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information; the purposes for which
we use the personal information; whether we can achieve the purposes through other
means; and the applicable legal requirements.

CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 or equivalent
minimum age depending on the jurisdiction.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe we may have collected information
about your child, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section
above.
If we learn that we have inadvertently collected the personal information of a child under
13, or equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to
delete the information as soon as possible.

OUR SECURITY
We use reasonable security measures as required by applicable law. While we have
employed security technologies and procedures to assist safeguarding your personal
information, no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we
cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You use
Subway Services and provide us with your information at your own risk. In the event
that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we
may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.

CONTACT US
Thank you for reading our Privacy Statement. If you have any questions about
this Statement or about how we process personal information, please contact us
by using the contact details provided under “How to Contact Us”, which is
located at the top of this document.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact a data
privacy supervisory authority in the country where you live or work, or where you
consider that the data protection rules have been breached or seek a remedy
through the courts.

16

