(b) Immediately upon notice to SVS upon (i) any expiration or other termination of the franchise
agreement, (ii) any expiration or other termination of Participant’s status as a franchisee of Franchisor, or (iii) any termination of Participant’s right to own or operate Subway® branded restaurants;
(c)

By written mutual agreement of Participant and SVS at any time;

(d) By Participant at any time and with or without cause by providing thirty (30) days’ written
notice to SVS;
(e) By a party if the other party materially breaches this Participation Agreement and has not
cured the breach within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of such breach; or
(f)
By Participant via written notice to SVS if: (i) SVS is insolvent or bankrupt under any law,
admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or discontinues its
business, (ii) SVS has stopped paying its debts in the ordinary course of business, enters into an
agreement for the composition, extension, or readjustment of all or substantially all of its obligations, (iii) a voluntary or involuntary petition regarding SVS under any present or future bankruptcy, reorganization, or similar law is filed, or (iv) SVS is or becomes unable to pay its debts
generally as they come due or to perform its obligations under this Participation Agreement.
Upon any termination of the Participation Agreement, the parties will mutually facilitate the orderly wind
down of the business relationship and coordinate to reasonably mitigate disruption to, or adverse effects
on, the Participant’s business.
9. Miscellaneous All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning attributable thereto in
the Services Agreement. The terms of this Participation Agreement that by their terms or by implication are
to have continuing effect after the expiration or other termination of this Participation Agreement (including
without limitation those pertaining to confidentiality) will survive such termination or expiration.
Participant acknowledges agrees that any written correspondence or legal notices sent pursuant to this
Participation Agreement will be sent to Participant’s address provided to SVS by Franchisor.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Connecticut, U.S.A., without regard for its conflict of law principles.
This Participation Agreement, including all attached exhibits (if any) and agreed-upon order forms, which
are incorporated herein, constitutes the entire agreement between Participant and SVS concerning the
subject matter hereunder and supersedes all prior understandings and writings with respect thereto. This
Participation Agreement can only be modified in a writing signed by the parties. No waiver of any term of
this Participation Agreement will be deemed a future waiver of the same term or a waiver of any other term.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Participation Agreement.
SVS: STORED VALUE SOLUTIONS, A DIVISION OF COMDATA INC.
This Participation Agreement has been agreed to and electronically executed by Participant using electronic document acceptance tools provided by Franchisor and is deemed to be legally enforceable.

www.storedvalue.com | 101 Bullitt Lane, Suite 305 | Louisville, KY 40222 | PH: 502.326.4600
9
22124989 v1

