an Approved Lease. An Approved Lease must contain a fully-executed lease rider in the form that we
require (the “Franchisor Lease Rider”). If you execute an Approved Lease, and not a Sublease, it is your
sole responsibility to obtain a fully executed Franchisor Lease Rider in connection with executing the
Approved Lease. The Franchisor Lease Rider is intended to provide us with certain protections under the
Approved Lease and may not benefit you or the landlord. If you or the landlord request that we consider
any modifications to the Franchisor Lease Rider, and we elect to do so, we may also require you to
reimburse us for all expenses we incur (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) in connection with such
review. We may also reject any request for modifications to the Franchisor Lease Rider for any reason.
E.
You agree that upon obtaining possession of the Approved Location for the Restaurant,
you will: (i) cause to be prepared and submit for our approval a site survey and any modifications to our
basic plans and specifications (not for construction) for a Restaurant (including requirements for
dimensions, exterior design, materials, interior design and layout, equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs and
decorating) at the Approved Location, provided that you may modify our basic plans and specifications
only to the extent required to comply with all applicable ordinances, building codes and permit
requirements and only with prior written approval by us; (ii) obtain all required zoning changes; all
required building, utility, health, sanitation, and sign permits and licenses and any other required
permits and licenses; (iii) purchase equipment, fixtures, furniture and signs as provided herein; (iv)
complete the construction and/or remodeling, equipment, fixture, furniture and sign installation and
decorating of the Restaurant in full and strict compliance with plans and specifications therefor approved
in writing by us and with all applicable ordinances, building codes and permit requirements; (v) obtain all
customary contractors' sworn statements and partial and final waivers of lien for construction, remodeling,
decorating and installation services; and (vi) otherwise complete development of and have the Restaurant
ready to open and commence the conduct of its business in accordance with this Agreement.
F.
You acknowledge and agree that we may from time to time designate the maximum amount
of debt that a Restaurant may service, and you will ensure that you comply with such limits. You will ensure
that you have sufficient cash at all times, through equity capital contributed to you by your owners, to
comply with any such requirement.
G.
If the Lease terminates without your fault, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or
otherwise rendered unusable without your fault, or if in our judgment there is a change in character of the
location of the Restaurant sufficiently detrimental to its business potential to warrant its relocation, we will
grant permission for relocation of the Restaurant to a location and site acceptable to us. Any such relocation
shall be at your sole expense and we shall have the right to charge you for any costs incurred by us, and a
reasonable fee, in connection with any such relocation of the Restaurant.
H.
If you own the Premises, you represent and warrant that as of the Agreement Date: (a) you
or your affiliate (that you control, either directly or indirectly) are the rightful owner in fee simple of the
Premises; (b) you have the right to occupy the Premises and operate the Restaurant without restriction
through the expiration date of this Agreement; and (c) you have no knowledge of any fact or circumstance
which would give rise to any claim, demand, action or cause of action arising out of, or in connection with,
your occupancy of the Premises. You are required to operate the Restaurant at the Premises through the
expiration date, and you may not relocate the Restaurant without our prior written consent. You agree that,
in the event that you or your affiliate wishes to sell the Premises prior to the expiration date, you shall, prior
to the sale, agree to enter into a lease with the buyer, which must be an Approved Lease, that does not expire
until on or after the expiration date, and the terms of such Approved Lease must be provided to us and
approved in writing by us prior to you entering into the Approved Lease. Our approval of the terms of an
Approved Lease indicates only that we believe the Approved Lease complies with acceptable minimum
criteria we established. You acknowledge and agree that your acceptance of the Approved Lease is based
on your own independent investigation, including consultation with your attorney and other advisors. The
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

4

