Senior Global Account Manager of FWH: David Strawhince
Mr. Strawhince has been a Senior Global Account Manager since April 2021. Prior to that, he was the Senior Manager
of Store Operations for Staples, Inc. from July 2017 to July 2020, and the Manager, Store Operations for Staples, Inc.
from February 2016 to July 2017, both in Framingham, MA.
Global Account Manager of FWH: Hector Trejo
Mr. Trejo has been a Global Account Manager since February 2023, contracted by K-Force from October 2022 to
February 2023. Prior to that, he was the Strategic Account Manager for T-Mobile from May 2021 to October 2022. He
was an Area Operations Manager for Amazon Logistics from August 2020 to May 2021.
Assistant Manager of Non-Traditional of FWH: Faneva Durandisse
Ms. Durandisse has been an Assistant Manager of Non-Traditional since July 2023. Prior to that, she was the Supply
Chain Planner for Luxury Brand Partners from May 2021 to June 2023. She was an Accounting Coordinator II for
Ryder from November 2020 to May 2021. Ms. Durandisse is based out of our Miami, Florida office.
***********
FRANCHISE BROKERS/BUSINESS DEVELOPERS
Business Developers are franchise brokers. We have engaged Business Developers whose duties include franchise sales,
site location assistance, training, and operational assistance to franchisees. Business Developers also make
recommendations as to whether prospective franchisees in their territories should be granted franchises and we take
their recommendations into consideration. We generally recruit Business Developers from existing franchisees. We pay
Business Developers a portion of amounts we collect from franchisees as payment for their services, including
approximately one-half of the initial franchise fee, and up to one-third of royalties, transfer fees and extension fees. We
also pay them approximately one-third of any fees we receive from a third-party franchisor and any co-brand continuing
fees, if they provide services for the other concept. We may also pay them bonuses and penalize them depending upon
whether they are ahead or behind their development schedules for establishing restaurants in their areas. We prohibit
Business Developers from making any representations of sales or profits to you. Additionally, we require Business
Developers to abide by all federal and state laws in the performance of their duties. Business Developers are independent
contractors and not employees of ours or our affiliates. We and our affiliates disclaim responsibility for any acts or
statements made by Business Developers contrary or in addition to the disclosures made in this Disclosure Document,
or in the Franchise Agreement, the Operations Manual, or related contracts. Therefore, unless otherwise disclosed in
this Item 2, Business Developers are not our directors, trustees, general partners, or principal officers, nor will they have
management responsibility relating to the sale or operation of franchises offered by this document.
Exhibit Q contains the name, contact information, contract number(s), and a description of the servicing territory for
each Business Developer for DAL in the United States and its territories, as of the effective date of this Disclosure
Document.
Item 3
LITIGATION
Other than the 59 actions and the 34 franchisor-initiated actions disclosed in Exhibit L, no other litigation is required to
be disclosed in this Item. We estimate that the franchisees we or our affiliates filed actions against in connection with
the franchise relationship constitute about 0.2% of the franchisees operating Subway® restaurants globally.
Item 4
BANKRUPTCY
Benjamin Selden, the Chief Financial Officer of SWSH, Subway US IP Holder, FWH, FWHT, DAL and Subway
MyWay, LLC, served as the Senior Vice President of Finance for Sungard Availability Services Capital, Inc.
(“Sungard”), located at 680 Swedesford Road, Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087, from August 2017 to December 2019. On
May 1, 2019 Sungard and certain of its affiliates filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States
22

