Subtenant, it being understood that Sub-Sublandlord is under no obligation to bring or
defend any action brought by or against Sub-Subtenant, Sub-Sublandlord, TTTSM or
Master Landlord.
1.2.7
1.3

2

3

Sub-Subtenant shall not make any agreement with TTTSM or Master Landlord which
could modify, cancel or terminate the Master Lease, Master Sublease or Sublease.

Covenant of Quiet Enjoyment. Sub-Sublandlord promises, subject to Sub-Subtenant’s
performance of all of the terms and conditions of the Sub-Sublease, that Subtenant shall be
entitled to the quiet and peaceful enjoyment and undisturbed possession of the Premises for the
term of this Sub-Sublease.

TERM
2.1

Term. The term of this Sub-Sublease (the “Term”) shall commence on ___________________,
(the “Commencement Date”). The Term of this Sub-Sublease shall expire at midnight one full
day before the expiration of the Master Sublease (the “Expiration Date”) unless sooner terminated
as provided in this Sub-Sublease.

2.2

Possession. Possession of the Premises shall be delivered to Sub-Subtenant on the
Commencement Date or as provided in the Master Sublease, whichever is later.

2.3

Holdover. Sub-Subtenant may only hold over at the expiration of the Term with the written
consent of Sub-Sublandlord. During such holdover tenancy, Sub-Subtenant shall pay to SubSublandlord one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Rent amount that existed immediately prior
to the Expiration Date to the extent permitted in the Master Lease or Master Sublease. SubSubtenant agrees to comply with all holdover provisions contained in the Master Sublease.

2.4

End of Term.
2.4.1

Fixtures and Personal property. At the expiration or earlier termination of this SubSublease, any fixtures located on the Premises and not already owned by SubSublandlord shall become the property of Sub-Sublandlord. If, at that time, SubSubtenant has fully complied with Sub-Sublease terms and conditions and is not in
default under the Franchise Agreement, Sub-Sublandlord hereby waives any right to
claim any personal property owned or leased by Sub-Subtenant and located on the
Premises. The personal property may then be removed by Sub-Subtenant or SubSublandlord provided that the Premises are restored to their original condition,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. Any such personal property not removed within
thirty (30) days after the Sub-Sublease expiration or termination shall be deemed
abandoned and become the property of Sub-Sublandlord.

2.4.2

Joint Inspection. During a period no earlier than three (3) weeks and no later than one
(1) week prior to the end of the Term, Sub-Sublandlord and Sub-Subtenant shall conduct
a joint inspection of the Premises, and Sub-Sublandlord shall make a list of any items of
repair and maintenance that may be needed to put the Premises in good condition and
repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted. If the items on such list cannot be completed
by Sub-Subtenant by the end of the Term, then Sub-Subtenant shall pay to SubSublandlord by the end of the Term the reasonable cost of such repairs as evidenced by
third-party bids. Sub-Subtenant’s obligation to make such payment shall survive the
termination of this Sub-Sublease.

CONSIDERATION
3

