your owners, officers, or key employees) of the failures and, if such notification is given, whether
or not those failures are corrected after we deliver written notice to you (or your owners, officers,
or key employees);
11.
Violate(s) any health, safety or sanitation law, ordinance or regulation or
operate(s) the Restaurant in a manner that presents a health or safety hazard to your customers or
the public and do(es) not begin to cure the violation immediately and correct the violation within
seventy two (72) hours after receiving notice of such violation from us or any other party, regardless
of any longer period of time that any governmental authority or agency may have given you to cure
such violation;
12.
Create(s) or allow(s) to exist any condition in or at the Restaurant, or in connection
with the operation of the Restaurant, that we determine to present an immediate health or safety
concern for the Restaurant customers or employees;
13.
Fail(s) to pay any third-party, including the landlord of the Premises, any amounts
owed in connection with the Restaurant when due, and you do not cure such failure within any
applicable cure period granted by such third-party; or
14.
Engage(s) in any dishonest or unethical conduct which, in our judgment, is
reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the System, the Marks, the goodwill associated
therewith, or our interest therein.
C.
This Agreement shall terminate, either with respect to an individual Restaurant or group of
Restaurants or in its entirety as it applies to all Restaurants, as we determine, upon written notice to you if
(for the avoidance of doubt, the cure periods contained below in this sub-section C do not apply to subsection B above):
1.
You or any of your owners fail(s) or refuse(s) to make payments of any amounts
due to us or our affiliates for Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, rents or other obligations
owed to us under any lease, purchases from us, our affiliates, suppliers, or vendors, or any other
amounts due to us or our affiliates, and do(es) not correct such failure or refusal within ten (10)
days after written notice of such failure is delivered to you;
2.
You or any of your affiliates or owners fail(s) to comply with any other agreement
with us or one of our affiliates and do(es) not correct such failure within the applicable time or cure
period, if any (if no such time or cure period is specified, then 30 days); or
3.
You or any of your owners fail(s) or refuse(s) to comply with any other provision
of this Agreement, or any specification, standard or operating procedure prescribed in the
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing by us, and do(es) not correct such failure
within thirty (30) days (or provide(s) proof acceptable to us that you, he or she has made all
reasonable efforts to correct such failure and will continue to make all reasonable efforts to cure
until a cure is effected if such failure cannot reasonably be corrected within 30 days) after written
notice of such failure to comply is delivered to you.
D.
To the extent that the provisions of this Agreement provide for periods of notice less than
those required by applicable law, or provide for termination, cancellation, non-renewal or the like other
than in accordance with applicable law, such provisions shall, to the extent such are not in accordance with
applicable law, not be effective, and we shall comply with applicable law in connection with each of these
matters.

