Doctor’s Associates LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)

Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(dollars in thousands)
1.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Doctor’s Associates LLC (the “Company”) is a Delaware limited liability company and a subsidiary
of Underground Purchaser, LLC (“Parent”), a Delaware limited liability company. The Company is
the franchisor of quick serve restaurants throughout the United States operating under the trade
name “Subway.” On August 23, 2023, Parent entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement
(“Purchase Agreement”) to acquire Subway Worldwide, Inc. and became the parent entity of the
Company upon closing of the acquisition on May 1, 2024 (“acquisition date”). During 2024 the
Company was converted to a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Subway Funding Holdco LLC
(“SPV Holdco”), a subsidiary of Parent, and became a securitized guarantor entity, pursuant to the
Subway Funding LLC’s securitized note issuance. The Company currently operates pursuant to a
license agreement dated June 20, 2024, with Subway US IP Holder LLC (“SUIPH”), an affiliated
entity under common control of Parent. The Company previously operated pursuant to a license
agreement between the Company and Subway IP LLC (“SIP”), also an affiliated entity under
common control of Parent.
Franchisees are engaged in making and selling submarine sandwiches (“subs”) and salads utilizing
the Subway System, including recipes, formulas, business policies, trademarks, service marks and
trade names. Pursuant to the Company’s typical franchise agreement, the Company provides its
continuing know-how and experience in the production and retail sales of its prepared food
products through training and consulting programs for the franchisees.
Basis of Presentation
The financial statements include the accounts of Doctor’s Associates LLC. Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) 220 requires a separate statement of comprehensive income. However, as
net income is the only material component of comprehensive income, the Company elected not to
include a separate statement of comprehensive income because it would not be meaningful to the
users of the financial statements.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
items subject to such estimates and assumptions include allowance for credit losses, amortization,
and trade-related and other accrued expenses.
Revenue Recognition
The Company accounts for revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The Company derives its revenues from franchise revenues and vendor rebates.
Franchise Fees and Royalties
Royalty revenue from contract consideration from franchisees primarily consists of sales-based
royalties. Sales-based royalties are collected either weekly or monthly. Royalties are earned
based on a percentage of franchisees’ gross sales, relate entirely to the use of the Company’s

7

