applicable cure period granted by such third-party; or (14)
Engage in any dishonest or unethical conduct which, in our
judgment, is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the
System, the Marks, the goodwill associated therewith, or our
interest therein.
DA Section 7.1 and
7.2

Become insolvent, is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or
become subject to similar proceedings; fail to meet obligations
under development schedule; any franchise agreement between
you and us is terminated; you are in breach of any of your
franchise agreements on 3 or more occasions in any 12-month
period.

FAR Part IV

The satellite Franchise Agreement will automatically
terminate, regardless of the length of term remaining on the
Franchise Agreement for the Base Restaurant, if the lease for
the satellite restaurant or Base Restaurant terminates or
expires.

i.

Franchisee’s
obligations
on termination/
non-renewal

FA and MUFA Section Obligations include de-identification (if you receive our
23
written approval to close the restaurant); return of Operations
Manual; automatic assignment of telephone numbers,
cancellation of any Social Media accounts, domain names,
internet addresses, any permits, registrations, certifications or
other consents; and you must obtain a mutual release of the
lease from the landlord and pay all associated costs. Also see
q. and Note 2 below, and Item 15. Your franchise rights revert
to us if you abandon or if we revoke the agreement. If we or
our affiliate terminate your Sublease, you must quit and
surrender the restaurant premises to your sublandlord, but you
will be liable for the balance of the rent due under the Sublease
and the master lease.

j.

Assignment of
FA and MUFA Section No restriction on our right to assign.
contract by franchisor 18

k.

“Transfer” by
franchisee -definition

DA Section 8.1
FA and MUFA Section “Transfer” shall include the voluntary, involuntary, direct or
18
indirect assignment, sale, gift, pledge or other transfer by you
or your owners of any interest in any of: (1) the Franchise
DA Section 8.2
Agreement and the Restaurant; (2) the ownership of you, or
(3) substantially all of the assets of your Restaurant. An
assignment, sale or other transfer shall include any of the
following events: (1) the transfer of ownership of capital
stock, voting stock (or security convertible to voting stock) or
partnership interest; (2) merger or consolidation or issuance
of additional securities representing an ownership interest in
you; (3) transfer of an interest in you, the Franchise
Agreement or your restaurant owned by you in a divorce,
insolvency, corporate or partnership dissolution proceeding or
otherwise by operation of law; or (4) transfer of an interest in
the Franchise Agreement, your restaurant owned by you or an
ownership interest of you in the event of the death of you or
any of your owners, by will, declaration of or transfer in trust,
or under the laws of intestate succession.
83

