Program/Type of
Location
Military Base
Location1, 4

Addendum/Rider

Description

NEXCOM, AAFES
or MCCS Rider
(Exhibit A-6, A-7 or
A-8), if applicable

Franchisees may be permitted to establish a restaurant at a site
controlled by the Army and Air Force Exchange Service
(“AAFES”), the Navy Exchange Service Command (“NEXCOM”)
or the Marine Corps Community Services (“MCCS”) which are
non-appropriated fund instrumentalities of the United States
Government. We may agree to subcontract the right to establish a
restaurant at an AAFES, NEXCOM, or MCCS location to you. In
certain circumstances you will enter into an agreement directly with
AAFES, NEXCOM, or MCCS.
We also offer to franchise qualified locations as satellite
restaurants. Some satellites may operate under the mark Subway
EXPRESS™. A satellite location cannot be a full-service restaurant
and is intended to operate only with the support of an existing full
service Subway® restaurant (the “Base Restaurant”) licensed to the
same franchisee, unless we give specific written approval stating
otherwise. Generally, the satellite will not be able to bake bread,
prepare product, or have adequate storage capacity for product. It
may often be in a non-traditional location. Satellite restaurants may
be temporary, seasonal, operate with limited hours. The satellite
location usually has little or no seating and is for carry-out service
or delivery. To keep pace with market trends, we will consider
applications for different types of satellite locations upon written
request. We alone will determine whether your proposed location
and restaurant operations qualify for treatment as a satellite location
according to our policies.

Satellite Location5

Franchise Agreement
Rider (Exhibit A-1)

Short-Term Satellite
Location6

Franchise Agreement
Rider (Exhibit A-1)

We have a program to establish satellite locations that will operate
for a term of one year or less, with the option to renew for an
additional 1-year term, if mutually agreed upon by both parties.

Dual Location Test
Site7

Dual Location Test
Rider (Exhibit A-10)

We may deem a restaurant to be located close in proximity to
another Subway® restaurant owned and operated by the same
franchisee a “Dual Location Test Site” so that the franchisee can
determine whether both restaurant locations should be operated
simultaneously. If we grant you a franchise for a Dual Location
Test Site, you may cease operation of the new or existing
restaurant, by means other than transfer or assignment, within one
year after the new restaurant opens. We will then cancel the
Franchise Agreement for the restaurant you cease to operate and
refund the franchise fee for the new restaurant. You will pay all
expenses and liabilities to terminate the lease for the restaurant that
you cease to operate.

13

