E.
Death or Disability of Franchisee. Upon your death or permanent disability or, if you are
a corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
partnership interest, equity or voting control of you, the executor, administrator, conservator or other
personal representative of such person shall assign this Agreement or such interest in you to a third party
approved in writing by us. Such disposition of such interest in you shall be completed within a reasonable
time, not to exceed twelve (12) months from the date of death or permanent disability, and shall be subject
to all the terms and conditions applicable to assignments contained in sub-sections B and C of this Section
and elsewhere in this Agreement; except that, where the assignee is an heir, devisee, legatee or next of kin
or immediate family, the assignee shall assume this Agreement and any ancillary agreements, and shall not
be required to execute our then-current form of franchise agreement and ancillary agreements, and shall
pay a reduced transfer fee of $200. Failure to so dispose of this Agreement or such interest in you within
said period of time shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. Pending disposition, we shall have the right
to approve the management of the Restaurant owned by you. References to “immediate family” as used in
this Agreement shall mean parents, spouses, children and siblings, and the parents, children and siblings of
spouses.
F.
Effect of Consent to Assignment. Our consent to a transfer, including an assignment of
this Agreement or any interest subject to the restrictions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of any
claims we may have against the assignor, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of our right to demand exact
compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement by the assignee or by the assignor.
19.

Covenants.

A.
We have entered into this Agreement with you on the condition that you will deal
exclusively with us. You acknowledge and agree that we would be unable to encourage a free exchange of
ideas and information among franchisees and us if franchisees were permitted to hold interests in any
Competitive Businesses. You therefore agree that neither you nor your owners will have any direct or
indirect Association with a Competitive Business during the Term, in accordance with the definitions and
provisions below, unless we allow otherwise in writing.
B.
You further covenant that during the Term, you shall not divert or attempt to divert any
business of or any customers of the Restaurant to any Competitive Business, by direct or indirect
inducement or otherwise, or do or perform directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to the
goodwill associated with our Marks and the System, or in any way negligently or intentionally interfere
with our business or our prospective business.
C.
Upon termination of this Agreement by us in accordance with its terms and conditions or
by you without cause or upon expiration of this Agreement, you and your owners agree that, for a period of
one (1) year commencing on the effective date of termination or expiration or the date on which you and
your owners begin to comply with this Section, whichever is later, neither you nor your owners nor any
member of such owner’s or owners’ immediate families shall have any direct or indirect Association with
a Competitive Business within a three (3) mile radius of the Approved Location or any Subway® Restaurant
in operation or under construction as of the termination or expiration date or the date on which you and
your owners begin to comply with this Section, except in connection with the operation of Subway®
Restaurants under franchise agreements with us. The restrictions of this sub-section shall not be applicable
to the ownership of shares of a class of securities listed on a stock exchange or traded on the over-thecounter market that represent two percent (2%) or less of the number of shares of that class of securities
issued and outstanding. You (and your owners) expressly acknowledge that you (and they) possess skills
and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities for exploiting such skills. You further
acknowledge and agree that the terms of the covenant are reasonable in scope, geography and time.
Consequently, enforcement of the covenants made in this Section will not deprive you (or them) of your (or
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

25

