services to you and for our lost or deferred opportunity to sell a franchise to others. If you or your affiliate
are an existing Subway® franchisee, you represent that your other Subway® Restaurant(s) is/are in
substantial compliance with the Operations Manual and there are no material defaults under the franchise
agreement(s) governing the operation of such Subway® Restaurant(s). If any of the aforesaid representations
are not true when the Restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant evaluation), you agree to pay
us an additional $7,500.
B.
Royalty Fee. You shall pay to us without offset, credit or deduction of any nature unless
otherwise permitted by us in writing, so long as this Agreement shall be in effect, a royalty fee equal to
eight percent (8%) of Gross Sales of the Restaurant on a weekly basis or other periodic basis that we may
determine from time to time (the “Royalty Fee”).
C.
Advertising Contributions. You shall pay without offset, credit or deduction of any
nature, to us, so long as this Agreement shall be in effect, advertising contributions equal to four and onehalf percent (4.5%) of Gross Sales of the Restaurant on a weekly basis or other periodic basis that we may
determine from time to time (“Advertising Contributions”).
D.
Restaurant Excellence Visits. We or a third-party that we authorize will conduct periodic
“Restaurant Excellence Visits” as set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.
We will not charge you for these Restaurant Excellence Visits. However, if you receive a “Fail” score (as
determined by us or the third-party conducting the Restaurant Excellence Visit), you will be required to pay
a fee of $140.69 (the “Revisit Fee”) for a subsequent Restaurant Excellence Visit (a “Revisit”). You will
receive a Revisit until you achieve a score of “Pass”, and you will pay the Revisit Fee for each Revisit. The
Revisit Fee is subject to increase by 3% per year. Effective January 1, 2026, the Revisit Fee will increase
to $144.92 per revisit (subject to increase by 3% per year).
E.
Restaurant Technology Fee; Digital Technology Fee. You will pay us a “Restaurant
Technology Fee” for the Software of $75 per month, payable per Restaurant. This cost covers development
and maintenance of the Software for each POS system terminal in the Restaurant as well as other restaurant
technology. We will charge this fee to your pre-authorized account with us. We reserve the right to increase
this fee at any time without notice to you. In addition to the Restaurant Technology Fee, we reserve the
right to charge in the future a “Digital Technology Fee” to cover our costs of development, infrastructure
and support of programs including our Subway® App, Online Ordering, Third-Party Delivery platform
support, Digital Menu Boards and Social Media Platforms.
F.
Legacy Support Fee. To cover our costs related to any non-compliance, you must pay to
us or our affiliate the “Legacy Support Fee” if you do not comply with our technology standards and
specifications, fail to return hardware, fail to upgrade systems, fail to allow access in a timely manner,
install unauthorized software, or attempt to hack or circumvent our software, all as provided in this
Agreement, any other agreement between you, on the one hand, and us or our affiliate on the other hand,
or otherwise as set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. The Legacy Support
Fee is currently $200 for each month that you are not in compliance with any of the foregoing. We reserve
the right to increase the Legacy Support Fee at any time without notice to you.
G.
Digital Menu Boards Hardware-as-a-Service Fee. You will pay us a monthly fee for our
Digital Menu Board Hardware-as-a-Service (“DMB HaaS”) program, currently $155 per month. DMB
HaaS includes service, installation, maintenance and help-desk support for digital menu boards in your
Restaurant. We reserve the right to increase the DMB HaaS fee at any time without notice to you.
H.

Payment Terms. The following terms and conditions apply to all payments due to us from

you:
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

14

