all respects this Agreement as it pertains to the applicable Restaurant, and the applicable Restaurant
will no longer be governed by this Agreement; the terms of such renewal Franchise Agreement
may materially differ from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different
percentage Royalty Fee and Advertising Contribution; provided, however, you shall be required to
pay a renewal fee equal to twenty five percent (25%) of our then-current standard initial franchise
fee (excluding any promotions or discounts);
6.

You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements;

7.
You have executed our current form of Renewal Addendum to the then-current
form of Franchise Agreement to cover the applicable Restaurant; and
8.
You and your owners have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us,
of any and all claims against us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers,
directors, agents, owners and employees.
4.

Restaurant and Approved Location.

A.
You may operate each Restaurant only at a location that we approve (in each case, an
“Approved Location”). If we have already approved a location at the time of executing this Agreement,
then the Approved Location is specified on Exhibit B. If we have not yet approved a location at the time
of executing this Agreement, then you will be responsible for leasing a suitable site for the Restaurant. Prior
to the acquisition of any site for the premises of the Restaurant, you shall submit a description of the
proposed site to us accompanied by photographs depicting the proposed site, as well as any other
information about the site that we may reasonably require. We will provide you with written notice of our
approval or disapproval of a proposed site within fifteen (15) business days after receiving your written
submission thereof and completing a physical inspection of the proposed site. If we fail to respond within
such 15-day period, the site will be deemed disapproved. We may require you to executed one or more
riders related to any Restaurant, each of which will be specified on Exhibit B and included as Exhibit C.
B.
While we may provide you with our experience and expertise in a selection of a location,
you hereby acknowledge and agree that our approval of a site does not constitute an assurance,
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the success or profitability of your
Restaurant operated at the site. Our approval of the site indicates only that we believe the site complies with
acceptable minimum criteria established by us solely for our purposes as of the time of the evaluation. Both
you and we acknowledge that application of criteria that have been effective with respect to other sites and
premises may not be predictive of potential for all sites and that, subsequent to our approval of a site,
demographic and/or economic factors, such as competition from other similar businesses, included in or
excluded from our criteria could change, thereby altering the potential of a site. Such factors are
unpredictable and are beyond our control. We shall not be responsible for the failure of a site approved by
us to meet your expectations as to revenue or operational criteria. You further acknowledge and agree that
your acceptance of a franchise for the operation of a Restaurant at the site is based on your own independent
investigation of the suitability of the site. It shall be your sole responsibility to undertake site selection
activities and otherwise secure premises for the Restaurant.
C.
After receiving our written approval of the location of the Restaurant, we or our affiliate
shall, at our option, either: (1) lease the Premises from the owner or landlord of the Approved Location and
you will execute a sublease with us for the Premises (the “Sublease”); (2) permit you to lease the Premises
directly from the owner or landlord; or (3) permit you to own the Premises directly. In the case of (2) above,
the terms of such lease must be provided to us and approved by us prior to you entering into a lease
agreement (an “Approved Lease”). Our approval of the terms of a lease indicates only that we believe the
lease complies with acceptable minimum criteria we established. You acknowledge and agree that your
acceptance of a lease is based on your own independent investigation, including consultation with your own

