operating your Subway® restaurant in connection with a third-party franchisor’s concept. You must make your own
inquiries about the third-party franchisor and franchise. You will receive a separate Disclosure Document from the thirdparty franchisor and if your co-brand location is approved, you will enter into a franchise agreement with the third-party
franchisor, which may have different terms than your Franchise Agreement with us. You will operate the other concept
as a direct franchisee of the third party franchisor. You will pay to the third-party franchisor a franchise fee, royalty,
advertising fee, and other charges due under the terms of your franchise agreement with the third-party franchisor. You
may pay these fees to us as collection agent if provided in the third-party franchisor’s franchise agreement.
You will sign the Co-Brand Location Rider to address the different conditions inherent in operating a co-brand location.
If you are interested in a co-brand location, please review Exhibit A-7 carefully so you will be familiar with how the
Co-Brand Location Rider will affect your Franchise Agreement with us. You grant us a release under the Co-Brand
Location Rider with respect to a co-brand location. Each franchisor will be separately responsible to you under its own
franchise system. The third party franchisor may pay us all or a portion of certain fees for services we may provide. You
may also pay us directly under the Co-Brand Location Rider a continuing fee between 0% to 8% of your sales from the
other franchised concept. We will determine the continuing fee, if any, after we finalize the master agreement with the
third party franchisor.
Note 9:
To participate in the ezOrdering, you must opt-in for catering on the Restaurant Management Portal. If you participate,
you will be charged a fee equal to 5% ezOrdering commission for each catering order and approximately 2.75% for
credit card processing. These fees may change and other fees may be charged in connection with the catering program
in the future.
Note 10:
Voting procedures may be required depending on the expense impact of the MOP decision. If your market or franchisees
throughout the country do not elect to offer the MOP item, then you may not offer it unless you were offering the item
before the cutoff date or we grant you a waiver. You must review your lease to determine if there are any restrictions
that would prevent you from preparing or selling any SOP or MOP items at your location. You will have additional
investment costs. In the future, we may implement a Region Option Program and you will be responsible for any
associated costs, but as of the date of this Disclosure Document, details on any such program are still forthcoming.
You may be permitted to offer other products, not designated as SOP or MOP, with our prior written approval, provided
you are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement and meet certain other qualifications. Some of these offerings
may be test programs. Examples of other products may include, but are not limited to: smoothies, ice cream,
bakery/coffee (such as donuts, muffins, cookies, cinnamon rolls and coffee), and snacks (such as pretzels, nachos, ice
cream novelties and hot dogs). Any additional products must meet our standards and specifications. The length of time
you may be approved to offer an additional product will vary. You will pay royalty and advertising charges on the sale
of any additional items from your restaurant. You cannot sell a product that we approve for another franchisee without
our written permission and you cannot expect us to grant you the right to offer any additional products, even if you meet
our requirements. We reserve the right to offer our own branded products in the future under a separate license that may
require you to pay an additional license fee, or to offer them as separate franchises that do not have to be operated in
connection with a Subway® restaurant.
As these other products are new, and we may have limited or no experience with them, you assume the risk of the failure
of any of these products. You are responsible for all costs associated with offering any of these other products, which
may include, but not be limited to, costs for additional equipment and inventory, signage, and counter space. You will
have to review your lease to make sure you can prepare and sell the additional products. You will also have to review
local regulations to make sure they allow the expanded menu and do not require additional permits or impose other
requirements.
***********

17

