renew, you must request to arbitrate the decision. Refer to Item
17.u. for arbitration procedures.

c.

Requirements for
franchisee to renew
or extend

FA and MUFA Section In order to renew, you must (1) have complied with all material
3
provisions of the Franchise Agreement; (2) maintain
possession of the premises; (3) provide written notice of intent
to renew at least 12 months, but not more than 18 months, prior
to expiration of the term; (4) have satisfied all monetary
obligations; (5) you agree to execute our then-current form of
franchise agreement and pay the renewal fee; (6) comply with
our then-current qualifications and training; (7) execute a
Renewal Addendum in the form substantially similar to Exhibit
G-1; and (8) execute a general release.

d.

Termination by
franchisee

None

You do not have the right to terminate the Franchise
Agreement, but if we do not cure a default within 60 days, you
can seek arbitration. See Section 22 of the Franchise
Agreement.

FAR Part I, II

You may stop operating a school lunch location or a nontraditional location at any time after 30 days’ notice.

None

We may terminate only for good cause.

FAR Part I

We may terminate the Franchise Agreement for a nontraditional location for any reason within 30 days after you sign
the Franchise Agreement.

e.

Termination by
franchisor without
cause

f.

Termination by
franchisor with cause

g.

“Cause” definedcurable defaults

FA and MUFA Section We can terminate if you default. See u. below.
22
DA Section 7
FA and MUFA Section You have 10 days to cure: failure to make payments of any
amounts due to us or our affiliates for royalty fees, advertising
22.C
contributions, rents or other obligations owed to us under any
lease, purchases from us, our affiliates, suppliers, or vendors,
or any other amounts due to us or our affiliates
You have 30 days to cure: failure to comply with any other
agreement with us or one of our affiliates; or failure to comply
with any other provision of the Franchise Agreement, or any
specification, standard or operating procedure prescribed in the
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing by us.
DA Section 7.3
FAR Part IV

You have 10 days to cure: failure to make payments of any
amounts due to us or our affiliates; failure to comply with
applicable laws
A default under the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement will
be a default under the satellite Franchise Agreement.

81

