As incurred

Utilities
Varies, plus a $75 late fee or 10% of
commission fee, whichever is
greater, for late payment of utilities
Repairs and Upgrades
Costs vary
Customer Programs
Costs vary
Military Star Card
Currently, 2% processing fee on all
Military Star Card transactions
Late Opening Fee
$50 per occurrence; $300 per half
hour per occurrence where opening
is more than 15 minutes late
Early Closing Fee
$50 per occurrence; $300 per half
hour per occurrence where closing is
more than 15 minutes early

You are responsible for
payment of all utilities. An
exemption may be granted
by MCCS in limited
circumstances

As incurred. Upon
extension or renewal,
may be payable
within 90 days
As incurred

Note 22

As incurred

Note 23

As incurred

Imposed if the restaurant is
opened later than 15
minutes prior to the posted
opening time.
Imposed if the restaurant is
closed earlier than 15
minutes prior to the posted
closing time.

As incurred

Add to Note 4. Late Payment Fees:
If you fail to pay MCCS the commission fee, MCCS may charge a late fee on the amounts due.
Add to Note 7. Insurance:
You may be required under the License Agreement to submit your insurance policy to MCCS for approval prior to
opening the restaurant.
Disputes arising from or in connection with the License Agreement with MCCS must be resolved in accordance with
the dispute resolution procedures outlined in the License Agreement, consistent with the requirements of the Contract
Disputes Act.
Add a new Note 22:
Note 22. Customer Programs: Promotions, Receipts and Claims. You may be required under the License Agreement
to participate in special promotions or programs offered by MCCS which may involve the issuance of coupons or
other vouchers. You may be required to share in the cost of these promotions or programs with MCCS. You must
provide customers with a receipt. If you do not, MCCS may require you to offer the customer a free item or meal at
your expense. You must also comply with MCCS’s customer complaint resolution policies, including issuing refunds
to customers for customer dissatisfaction with an item or service, and for any overcharges to customers. If you fail
to promptly make any refund of overcharges to a customer, MCCS may make the refund to the customer on your
behalf and charge you the amount of the refund.
Add a new Note 23:

3

