against the amounts we otherwise would debit from your Pre-authorized Account on the next
payment date.
5.
If your payment of Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, or other charges that
you owe us is more than one week late, you will pay us interest at a rate of twelve percent (12%)
(or the maximum rate allowed by the law where the Restaurant is located) per annum on any
Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions, or other charges you will owe us under this Agreement.
If permitted by local law, we may also charge you a late fee equal to ten percent (10%) (or the
maximum rate allowed by law) per annum on all past due accounts to cover our banking,
administrative, and accounting costs. In the event that any late charge, interest rate, or other
payment provided herein exceeds the maximum applicable charge legally allowed, such late
charge, interest rate, or other payment shall be reduced to the maximum legal charge, rate, or
amount. You acknowledge that this sub-section shall not constitute agreement by us or our affiliates
to accept such payments after same are due or a commitment by us to extend credit to, or otherwise
finance your operation of, the Restaurant. Further, you acknowledge that your failure to pay all
amounts when due shall constitute grounds for termination of this Agreement, as provided herein.
You must pay us a sum of Fifty Dollars ($50) if you default on payments because you change banks
without notice. You must pay us a sum of Twenty Dollars ($20) if your payments to us are
unsuccessful due to insufficient funds in your pre-authorized account.
6.
Notwithstanding any designation by you, we shall have the right to apply any
payments by you to any past due indebtedness of you for Royalty Fees, Advertising Contributions,
purchases from us and our affiliates, interest, late fees, and other charges that you owe, or any other
indebtedness. You shall be responsible for and shall pay to us (or reimburse us for the payment of)
upon demand any tax assessed (excluding tax on our net income) on or measured by the amount of
Royalty Fees or any other amounts paid to us under this Agreement.
14.
Advertising. Recognizing the value of advertising and the importance of the standardization of
advertising and promotion to the furtherance of the goodwill and the public image of Subway®
Restaurants, you agree as follows:
A.
All advertising and marketing materials, including, but not limited to, newspapers, radio
and television advertising, advertising through an Online Presence including internet, social media,
electronic mail or other similar electronic or digital medium, and specialty and novelty items, signs, boxes,
napkins, bags and wrapping papers, will be compliant with the requirements set forth by us in the
Confidential Operations Manual or through other written means, or will otherwise be submitted to us or our
designee, for our prior approval. In the event written approval of said advertising and promotional materials
is not given by us to you within twenty (20) days from the date such materials are received by us, said
materials shall be deemed disapproved. You must participate in, and comply with the requirements of, any
sales, marketing, advertising, and promotional programs we implement, and you must use only the materials
and media for these programs that we designate or otherwise expressly approve. Information you collect
about customers, including through an Online Presence or at the Restaurant, may be subject to requirements
set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing by us. You will not place “For Sale”
or similar signs at or in the general vicinity of the Restaurant or use any words in any advertising that
identify the business offered for sale as a Subway® Restaurant, nor will you allow any vendor or agent of
yours to do so. You will always indicate your status as an independent franchise operator to others and on
any document or information released by you in connection with the Restaurant. You will display the
following notice (subject to modification by us from time to time) in a prominent place at the Restaurant:
“The Subway® trademarks are owned by Subway US IP Holder LLC and the independent franchise operator
of this restaurant is a licensed user of such trademarks.”

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

16

