Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools. How
you do so depends on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser
cookies. If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work.
To manage your cookie preferences, please click on Cookie & Ad Settings.
Additionally, the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising provides
consumers with the ability to manage certain choices online here and provides a tool for
managing mobile choices here. European users should use the following link.
Please note, options you make are browser and device specific.
Marketing Communications
You may opt-out of marketing communications by following the opt-out instructions in
the marketing emails we send you or you can also contact us by using the contact
details provided under the “How to Contact Us” section above. Depending on the
Subway Services you use, you may also have the ability to change your communication
preferences in the profile section of the online services that you use or in your device
settings.
If you do opt out of receiving marketing emails from us, we may still send
communications to you about your transactions, any accounts you have with us, and
any contests, competitions, prize draws or sweepstakes you have entered. Opting out
of one form of communication does not mean you’ve opted out of other forms as
well. For example, if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, you may still receive
marketing text messages if you’ve opted in to receiving them. Please note that if you are
receiving communications from a Subway® franchise, then you will need to opt out from
them directly.
Push Notifications
Where our mobile applications allow for the delivery of “push notifications”, you can also
opt out of receiving these notifications by going into your mobile phone settings and
toggling the “Notifications” switch within our mobile application to “off”.
Rewards and Loyalty Programs
U.S., Canada, United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Ireland, Finland, France,
Germany. Participation in the Subway® MVP Rewards or Subway Rewards® program
is voluntary; you may end your participation in the Subway® loyalty program by using
the contact details provided under the “How to Contact Us” section above, in which case
any data gathered through the program will be deleted except what we are legally
required to keep and subject to the remainder of this Privacy Statement. Please note
that data originating through other non-program interactions may remain with us. If you

11

