A.
We have entered into this Agreement with you on the condition that you will deal
exclusively with us. You acknowledge and agree that we would be unable to encourage a free exchange of
ideas and information among franchisees and us if franchisees were permitted to hold interests in any
Competitive Businesses. You therefore agree that neither you nor your owners will have any direct or
indirect Association with a Competitive Business during the Term, in accordance with the definitions and
provisions below, unless we allow otherwise in writing.
B.
You further covenant that during the Term, you shall not divert or attempt to divert any
business of or any customers of the Restaurant to any Competitive Business, by direct or indirect
inducement or otherwise, or do or perform directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to the
goodwill associated with our Marks and the System, or in any way negligently or intentionally interfere
with our business or our prospective business.
C.
Upon termination of this Agreement, as it applies to any given Restaurant, by us in
accordance with its terms and conditions or by you without cause or upon expiration of this Agreement,
you and your owners agree that, for a period of one (1) year commencing on the effective date of termination
or expiration or the date on which you and your owners begin to comply with this Section, whichever is
later, neither you nor your owners nor any member of such owner’s or owners’ immediate families shall
have any direct or indirect Association with a Competitive Business within a three (3) mile radius of the
applicable Approved Location or any Subway® Restaurant in operation or under construction as of the
termination or expiration date or the date on which you and your owners begin to comply with this Section,
except in connection with the operation of Subway® Restaurants under franchise agreements with us. The
restrictions of this sub-section shall not be applicable to the ownership of shares of a class of securities
listed on a stock exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market that represent two percent (2%) or less
of the number of shares of that class of securities issued and outstanding. You (and your owners) expressly
acknowledge that you (and they) possess skills and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities
for exploiting such skills. You further acknowledge and agree that the terms of the covenant are reasonable
in scope, geography and time. Consequently, enforcement of the covenants made in this Section will not
deprive you (or them) of your (or their) personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. To the extent that this
sub-section is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area or length of time, but may be
made enforceable by reduction of either or both thereof, you and we agree that the same shall be enforced
to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought.
D.
For each unauthorized Association with a Competitive Business in violation of this Section,
you agree to pay us Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00) plus eight percent (8%) of its gross sales (using
the definition for calculating Royalty Fees in this Agreement), as being a reasonable pre-estimate of the
damages we will suffer. For each Competitive Business location for which we are unable to verify gross
sales in a timely manner, you will pay us a sum of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) and an
additional One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) for each subsequent year the Competitive
Business operates during the Term. You acknowledge and agree that the payment of such sum(s) is a good
faith pre-estimate of our damages from the loss of Royalty Fees and Advertising Contributions, and not a
penalty. You further agree that the payment of these sums would be insufficient to fully compensate us,
and that damages from such competition would be difficult to calculate. Accordingly, you stipulate that
any breach of this Section would irreparably harm us, and that, notwithstanding the payment requirements
herein, we have a right to injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Section.
E.

As used in this Agreement:

1.
“Competitive Business” means any business that operates, manages, franchises
or licenses restaurants or stores that derive more than twenty percent (20%) of its total gross revenue
from the sale of any type of sandwiches on any type of bread, including but not limited to sub rolls
and other bread rolls, sliced bread, pita bread, flat bread, and wraps, whether for on or off-premises

