Agreement, DAI will continue to design franchisees’ stores to ADA standards. DAI will train field staff and
agents, and retain experts to provide assistance in connection with ADA issues in stores. Field staff and agents
will evaluate stores and advise franchisees to remedy existing ADA issues and for future stores attempt to select
sites that are accessible to the disabled. DAI will fund an interest-free remediation loan program for franchisees
to make required changes. DAI paid $25,000 to the United States Treasury as a civil penalty.
56) In the Matter of: The Commissioner of Financial Protection and Innovation v. Doctor’s Associates LLC d/b/a
Subway (California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation) Consent Order Oct. 28, 2020 (no case
number). As part of an informal investigation with which we cooperated fully, the Commissioner of Financial
Protection and Innovation (“Commissioner”) notified us of certain alleged violations of the California Franchise
Investment Law (“FIL”) (Corp. Code § 31000 et seq.). To comply with the FIL, we qualify for, and rely on, an
exemption for well-capitalized, experienced franchisors from registration. In addition to the capitalization and
experience qualifications that we meet, to secure the availability of the exemption, we are required to file an annual
exemption notice and pay a filing fee prior to offering or selling franchises in California. The exemptions apply
for the calendar year filed or otherwise specified in the notice. In certain years in the last decade, we filed the
exemption notice later than the beginning of the year. Accordingly, because of the late filing, the Commissioner
alleged that we sold unregistered franchises in California and materially modified franchise agreements in parts
of the years 2013-2015 and 2018 without complying with the registration requirements under the FIL. Under the
FIL, it is unlawful for any person to offer or sell a franchise in California or to solicit a franchisee’s agreement to
a material modification to its existing franchise agreement unless the offer or material modification has been
registered or is otherwise exempt. The Commissioner did not file an administrative enforcement action against us;
instead, on November 4, 2020, we and the Commissioner entered into a Consent Order whereby we agreed to stop
such violations, and pay penalties totaling $410,000 for the alleged violations. We also agreed that certain
management personnel would attend four hours of California franchise law training courses. We completed the
training on December 17, 2020.
D. Actions Involving Non-Subway Affiliates and Management
The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with settlements that involved
their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders or decrees. None of these actions
have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct by us.
57) The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior Court, Los Angeles
County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019, our affiliate, Arby’s Restaurant
Group, Inc. (“ARG”), entered into a settlement agreement with the states of California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon and Pennsylvania. The Attorneys
General in these states sought information from ARG on its use of franchise agreement provisions prohibiting the
franchisor and franchisees from soliciting or employing each other’s employees. The states alleged that the use
of these provisions violated the states’ antitrust, unfair competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices, consumer
protection and other state laws. ARG expressly denies these conclusions but decided to enter into the settlement
agreement to avoid litigation with the states. Under the settlement agreement, ARG paid no money but agreed (a)
to remove the disputed provision from its franchise agreements (which it had already done); (b) not to enforce the
disputed provision in existing agreements or to intervene in any action by the Attorneys General if a franchisee
seeks to enforce the provision; (c) to seek amendments of the existing franchise agreements in the applicable states
to remove the disputed provision from the agreements; and (d) to post a notice and ask franchisees to post a notice
to employees about the disputed provision. The applicable states instituted actions in their courts to enforce the
settlement agreement through Final Judgments and Orders, Assurances of Discontinuance, Assurances of
Voluntary Compliance, and similar methods.
58) The People of the State of California v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (California Superior Court, Los Angeles County,
Case No. 19STCV09597, filed on March 19, 2019.) On March 14, 2019, our affiliate, Dunkin Brands, Inc.
(“DBI”), entered into a settlement agreement with the Attorneys General of 13 states and jurisdictions concerning
the inclusion of “no-poaching” provisions in Dunkin’ restaurant franchise agreements. The settling states and
jurisdictions included California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North
Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and the District of Columbia. A small number of franchise
agreements in the Dunkin’ system prohibit Dunkin’ franchisees from hiring the employees of other Dunkin’
19

