the singular form of “Restaurant” is used throughout this Agreement, it shall be deemed to refer to each
Restaurant set forth on Exhibit B, and you agree and acknowledge that the terms of this Agreement apply
to each and every one of such Restaurants separately and as a group. Similarly, we may exercise any and
all of our rights and remedies separately on an individual Restaurant or group of Restaurants, in addition to
any rights or remedies we have as to any or all of them.
B.
You acknowledge and agree this Agreement does not grant you any territorial rights and
there are no radius restrictions or minimum or maximum population requirements which limit where we
can license or open another Subway® Restaurant, unless otherwise provided under applicable state law.
We and our affiliates have unlimited rights to compete with you and to license others to compete with you.
You acknowledge and agree that we and our affiliates retain the exclusive unrestricted right to produce,
distribute, and sell food products, beverages, and other products and services, under the Subway® mark or
any other mark, directly and indirectly, through employees, representatives, franchisees, licensees, assigns,
agents, and others, at wholesale, retail, and otherwise, at any location, without restriction by any right you
may have, and without regard to the location of any Subway® Restaurant, and these other stores or methods
of distribution may compete with the Restaurant and may adversely affect your sales. You do not have any
right to exclude, control, or impose conditions on the location or development of any Subway® Restaurant,
other restaurant, store or other method of distribution, under the Subway® mark or any other mark.
3.

Term and Renewal.

A.
This Agreement shall be effective and binding from the date that we execute it and shall
expire, with respect to each Restaurant, on the expiration date set forth next to such Restaurant on Exhibit
B, unless sooner terminated pursuant to this Agreement (the “Term”).
B.
You will have the right to renew this franchise at the expiration of the initial Term of the
franchise for each Restaurant as stated on Exhibit B for one (1) additional successive term of twenty (20)
years, provided that all of the following conditions have been fulfilled with respect to the applicable
Restaurant:
1.
You have, during the entire Term, complied with all material provisions of this
Agreement and (if applicable) the Sublease (defined below);
2.
You maintain possession of the premises of the Restaurant (the “Premises”) and
by the expiration date of this Agreement you have brought the Restaurant into full compliance with
the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing Subway® Restaurants, and
you have presented evidence satisfactory to us that you have the right to remain in possession of
the Premises for the duration of any renewal term or any lesser period that we approve in writing;
or, in the event you are unable to maintain possession of the Premises, or in our judgment the
Restaurant should be relocated, you secure substitute premises approved in writing by us and have
furnished, stocked and equipped such premises to bring the Restaurant at its substitute premises
into full compliance with our then-current specifications and standards by the expiration date of
this Agreement;
3.
You have given written notice of renewal to us no earlier than eighteen (18)
months, and no later than twelve (12) months, prior to expiration of the initial Term;
4.
You have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by you to us and our affiliates
and you have timely met these obligations throughout the Term;
5.
You agree to execute upon renewal our then-current form of Franchise Agreement
(with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the Franchise Agreement relates to the grant
of a renewal franchise, and with no further right of renewal), which agreement shall supersede in

