months to one year. We may re-inspect and re-evaluate the facilities and products of any previously approved supplier
and may revoke its approval if we find the supplier fails to meet any of our standards and specifications at any time.
Approved Suppliers
In any instances where we or our affiliate are an approved supplier, we or our affiliate, as applicable, may derive revenue
from your purchases. Otherwise, we and our affiliates do not derive revenue or profit from your purchases or leases but
reserve the right to do so in the future.
Equipment
IPC manages equipment ordering platforms and relationships with equipment suppliers.
Currently, Huntington Technology Finance, Inc. is the sole approved supplier of leasing services for certain leased
equipment. To lease the equipment that is part of this program, you will be required to execute the Huntington
Technology Finance Equipment Lease attached as Exhibit K-2.
Real Estate
If you do not own an approved location or lease an approved location directly, then we either designate a real estate
leasing company affiliate to enter into the lease or license for the approved location and you sublet or sublicense from
our affiliate or we or the real estate leasing company affiliate own the premises and directly lease or license the premises
to you. If we or our affiliate act as landlord or licensor, we or our affiliate, as applicable, will derive rental revenues
and may retain a profit. If we or our affiliate act as sub-landlord or sub-licensor, we or our affiliate, as applicable, may
derive rental revenues and may retain a profit.
The Sublease and Sublicense impose all costs and obligations of the master lease or license on you (except that we
reserve the right to earn a profit under the sublease by charging amount in excess of amounts payable under the master
lease). We or our real estate leasing company affiliate may derive revenue from the charge of base rent, additional rent,
premiums, late payment fees, and other assessment costs and charges and can exercise the same rights as a landlord,
including, termination remedies and government payments. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we
have not charged rent.
In accordance with certain state law, including Nevada, you may be required to use an architect licensed in the state of
Nevada for the preparation of site-specific drawings to be used in the new construction, alteration, and remodel of
Subway® restaurants located in or contemplated in Nevada. You may be required to use the licensed architects that we
designate.
POS System Hardware and Software
Currently, there is only one approved supplier for your POS system hardware. You are required to enroll in the
hardware-as-a-service component of our RTaaS program with HP to obtain a POS System.
We and our affiliate, FWHT, developed the SubwayPOS® software. Subway US IP Holder, the current owner of the
SubwayPOS® software, is the only approved supplier and has granted us the right to sublicense it to you with various
third party components. Currently, there is no monthly software maintenance fee if your restaurant will be located in
the United States, but we may charge one in the future; however, if your restaurant is located in a United States territory
(not a state), we will charge you a monthly maintenance fee.
Our affiliate, FWH, will provide full support for the SubwayPOS® software. We will receive revenue from the support
FWH provides to Subway® franchisees worldwide through the FWH Technology Support Center.
The approved Subway® Payment Manager (“SPM”) software you must install and use to participate in the required
Subway® Gift Card Program, and to offer the required integrated credit/debit, contactless and mobile device payment
options is only available from us. We will license the SPM software to you.
53

