Program/Type of
Location
General NonTraditional Location1

Addendum/Rider

Description

Franchise Agreement
Rider (Exhibit A-1)

Examples of non-traditional locations include convenience stores,
gasoline service stations, highway rest stops, department stores,
hospitals, parks, universities, schools, sports arenas, convention
centers, airports, theme parks, national parks, captive travel plaza,
bus and railroad terminals, military bases, business complexes,
assisted living/nursing homes and other similar locations.
Typically, non-traditional locations are full service restaurants and
we license them under our standard form of Franchise Agreement.
In some cases, we may waive all or a portion of the initial franchise
fee and a portion of the advertising fee and otherwise modify the
Franchise Agreement to address different conditions for a nontraditional location.

Community
Development
Program Location1

Franchise Agreement
Rider (Exhibit A-1)

We have a program to establish franchises within facilities operated
by organizations or individuals that offer support services within
the community in which they are located (“Community
Development Program”). Examples of these facilities include
places of worship, shelters, half way homes, rehabilitation centers,
community centers, and disaster relief centers. Under the
Community Development Program, you will operate a full-service
restaurant serving freshly prepared product located at one of these
facilities. The restaurant must be operated with the intent of
providing job training to individuals with barriers to employment.

School Lunch
Program Location1, 2

Franchise Agreement
Rider (Exhibit A-1)

We have a program to establish franchises in elementary, middle,
or high schools. We will license school systems directly to a Food
Service Provider, or experienced individual Subway® franchisees.
State law restrictions may prevent a qualified Food Service
Provider from directly operating a particular school lunch location.
Under these circumstances, we may allow the Food Service
Provider to manage the school lunch location operated by a
qualified school lunch franchisee. Under the school lunch program,
you will operate a restaurant located in the school, serving freshly
prepared product. We will charge school lunch franchisees the
same non-negotiable royalty fee and advertising fees that apply to
other franchisees. If you are an individual, and not a school system
or institutional food service provider, you will establish the
restaurant in the school as a satellite and you will sign the Franchise
Agreement Rider.

School Lunch
Delivery Program3

N/A

We may give you permission to enter into an arrangement with a
school within a 20-minute drive from your restaurant’s location, for
the purpose of delivering freshly-prepared sandwiches for resale in
the school’s cafeteria. You and the school must enter into an annual
contract which we provide to you.

Our approval
required only

12

