E.
You shall make no material alterations to the improvements of the Restaurant nor shall you
make material replacements of or alterations to the equipment, fixtures or signs of the Restaurant without
our prior written approval.
F.
Restaurant.

The Approved Location shall be used solely for the purpose of conducting a Subway®

G.
Except if you are prohibited from selling products under applicable law or under the terms
of the Restaurant lease, you agree that you will offer for sale and sell at the Restaurant all types of
sandwiches, food, drinks and other products that we from time to time authorize, and that you will not offer
for sale or sell at the Premises any other food product, beverage, confection or non-food product whatsoever
or use the Premises for any purpose other than the operation of the Restaurant in full compliance with this
Agreement. You further agree that you will participate in any gift certificate, gift card and/or loyalty card
programs that we require. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you must comply with our minimum,
maximum, and other pricing requirements for sandwiches and other products and services offered by the
Restaurant, as well as comply with our pricing methods and procedures for in-store, curbside, delivery,
catering (including online catering), on-line/electronic and any other types of orders, including but not
limited to advertising and marketing promotions.
H.
From time to time, we shall provide to you in the Confidential Operations Manual or
otherwise in writing a list of approved manufacturers, suppliers, and distributors and approved food and
non-food products, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery, supplies, and other items or services necessary to
operate the Restaurant. Such list shall specify the manufacturer, supplier and distributor and the food and
non-food products, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery, supplies and services that we have approved to
be carried or used in the System. We may revise the approved list of manufacturers, suppliers and
distributors and the approved list of food and non-food products, fixtures, equipment, signs, stationery,
supplies, and other materials from time to time. Such approved list shall be submitted to you in a form that
we deem advisable. You must respond to the recall of any products in the manner and at the time that we
specify.
I.
All sandwiches, menu items, breads, meats, cheeses, ingredients, toppings, spices, mixes
and other food and beverage products and materials, containers, packaging materials, other paper and plastic
products, plates, cups, utensils, menus, uniforms, forms, cleaning and sanitation materials and other
materials and supplies used in the operation of the Restaurant shall conform to the specifications and quality
standards established by us from time to time in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise. Except
as otherwise provided herein, you may only purchase such products that meet our specifications and quality
standards from suppliers approved by us as meeting our criteria for Subway® Restaurant suppliers, such
criteria and suppliers being subject to change by us from time to time. If you propose to offer for sale at the
Restaurant any brand of product, or to use in the operation of the Restaurant any brand of food ingredient
or other material or supply, that is not then approved by us as meeting our minimum specifications and
quality standards, or to purchase any product from a supplier that is not then designated by us as an approved
supplier, you shall submit your request in writing to us before purchasing or leasing any such ingredient,
material or supply, and its purchase or lease may not be made by you absent our prior written consent. We
will not be obligated to respond to your request, and any actions we take in response to such request will
be at our sole discretion, including the assessment of a fee to compensate us for the time and resources we
spend in evaluating the ingredient, material or supply. If we do not respond to your request within thirty
(30) days, the request shall be deemed denied. We reserve the right from time to time to examine the
facilities of any approved supplier or distributor and to conduct reasonable testing and inspection of the
ingredients, materials or supplies to determine whether they meet our standards and specifications. We also
reserve the right to charge fees for testing and evaluating proposed suppliers or distributors and to impose
reasonable limitations on the number of approved suppliers or distributors of any product. Approval of a
supplier or distributor may be conditioned on requirements relating to frequency of delivery and standards

