including without limitation the post-termination covenant not to compete set forth in Section 23;
and (10) the transferee execute our then-current form of Transfer Addendum.
3.
In conjunction with our consideration of consenting to a proposed transfer, we shall
prepare an itemized written assessment of the need for refurbishing and/or remodeling of the
Restaurant (the “Remodeling Requirements”) to conform with the then-existing standards and
specifications for the décor of Subway® Restaurants within the System. The Remodeling
Requirements shall be forwarded to you/assignor and the proposed assignee. You/assignor shall
obtain a written cost estimate from reputable contractors to complete the Remodeling Requirements
and such cost estimate shall be provided to us and the proposed assignee. Completion of the
Remodeling Requirements shall be your responsibility and shall be a condition of our final consent
to a transfer contemplated in this Section. Funding for the Remodeling Requirements shall be the
subject of negotiation and agreement by and between you/assignor and the proposed assignee. The
Remodeling Requirements shall be contemplated prior to the proposed transfer, unless otherwise
agreed to between us and you.
4.
We shall not be obligated to consider giving our consent to any such transfer unless
you have requested such consent in writing and have provided to us at least thirty (30) days in
advance of the proposed transfer: your current financial statements; such other information (on
such forms or via such systems that we require) including, but not limited to, the proposed sales
price and terms of payment (including any and all applicable letters of intent, term sheets, purchase
and sale contracts, and other relevant documents and information pertaining to the transfer); an
application for a franchise completed by the proposed transferee (buyer) including personal
financial statements of such proposed transferee (buyer); the cost estimate of the Remodeling
Requirements, and the opportunity to conduct an in-person interview with such proposed transferee
(buyer).
5.
The transfer fee may be refunded only if we have not yet issued the consent-totransfer, and you and the buyer cancel the transfer. However, if the consent-to-transfer has already
been issued, and (i) you and/or the buyer cancel the transfer, or (ii) we cancel the transfer because
you and the buyer failed to complete the transfer within sixty (60) days after you received the
consent-to-transfer, we will not refund any portion of the transfer fee. If you and the buyer desire
to reactivate a transfer cancelled under these circumstances, and we approve, the parties must repay
the full transfer fee.
D.
Franchisor Right of First Refusal. If you or your owners shall obtain a bona fide,
executed written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser in respect of a proposed transfer,
including the purchase of an interest in this Agreement, the Restaurant or an ownership interest in you, you
shall submit an exact copy of such offer to us, along with any other information that we may reasonably
request. We shall have the right, exercisable by written notice delivered to you or your owners within thirty
(30) days from the date of delivery of an exact copy of such offer and all reasonably requested information
to us, to purchase such interest for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in such offer,
provided that we shall be entitled to customary warranties, closing documents and post-closing
indemnifications, may substitute cash for any other form of payment proposed in such offer and shall have
not less than sixty (60) days to prepare for closing. If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, you or
your owners may complete the sale to such purchaser pursuant to and on the terms of such offer, subject to
our written approval of the purchaser as provided in sub-sections B and C of this Section; provided that if
the sale to such purchaser is not completed within one hundred twenty (120) days after delivery of such
offer to us, or if there is a material change in the terms of the sale, we shall again have the right of first
refusal herein provided.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

24

