

o

When using #EatFreshRefresh it must be accompanied by
#Freshlyprepared
#SubwayDelivers



Keep the information on your social media pages current. Outdated information can
lead to confusion amongst guests.



Use high quality images, graphics, and/or videos of the product. When capturing
images and videos of our product, be sure to use good lighting and proper positioning.
Images and videos should have high clarity for users to see and engage with. Also,
remember to get creative! Consider how to make the product look more enticing and
compelling for your audiences.



Inspect your environment. Before capturing content, be sure to scan your environment
for any distracting background items, untidy workspaces, or depictions of confidential
information.



Request permission to feature guests in your content. If you are featuring a guest or cocreating content with a guest, be sure to ask for consent before sharing the content onto
your social media pages. This ensures that the guest is aware of how they will be depicted
in your content, and where and how the guest may become discoverable across social
media.



Monitor your activity closely. Posts and responses move fast. Monitor posts, respond
when necessary, and forward complaints as appropriate. Remember, any misinformation
or negativity can escalate if left unchecked.

SOCIAL MEDIA ACTIVITIES TO AVOID
If you mention the Subway® brand, products, or promotions on social media, you must not:


Share confidential information. Although it’s great to share positive brand news, the
Franchise agreement and/or Business Development agreement that you have signed with
us contains restrictions that require you to keep certain information confidential. This
includes any information about our business strategies or upcoming initiatives before
their official launch. If you share information with your staff make sure they have a
confidentiality agreement that protects the information and obligates your employee to
treat it as confidential.
o

Pay close attention to disclaimers and phrases such as "for internal use only.”
These materials should not be forwarded to anyone who is not subject to a
confidentiality agreement.

o

If you are unsure whether you can disclose certain information, seek approval
with your BD or SMO team. Examples of Confidential Information include:


Internal newsletters (i.e., BD Update, or any official company
communications)



Information on internal networks, such as The Feed.



Marketing materials shared prior to official Subway release

NA Business Developer/Franchisee Social Media Policy
4 | Page

