Item 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Add the following disclosure to Item 11:
We do not provide any AB1228 ongoing training or any safety or security measures specific to AB 1228’s requirements
and standards.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Add the following after the heading THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP:
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the franchisee concerning
termination or non-renewal of a franchise. If the franchise agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the
law, the law will control.
The franchise agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be unenforceable under
federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 10 et seq.).
The franchise agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the termination of the franchise. A
contract that restrains a former franchisee from engaging in a lawful trade or business is to that extent void under
California Business and Professions Code Section 16600.
The franchise agreement contains a liquidated damages clause. Under California Civil Code Section 1671, certain
liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.
You must sign a general release if you transfer your franchise. California Corporations Code § 31512 voids a waiver of
your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code §§ 31000 through 31516). Business and
Professions Code § 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions
Code §§ 20000 through 20043).
The franchise agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at Connecticut with the costs being borne
equally by the parties, except as otherwise provided in the Franchise Agreement. See Paragraph 24 of the Franchise
Agreement.
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and
federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the
Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of
California.
The franchise agreement requires application of the laws of Florida. This provision may not be enforceable under
California law.
For franchisees operating outlets located in California, the California Franchise Investment Law and the California
Franchise Relations Act will apply regardless of the choice of law or dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere. Any
language in the Franchise Agreement or any amendment thereto or any agreement to the contrary is superseded by this
condition.
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure document, in a form containing
the information that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a solicitation of a proposed material
modification of an existing franchise.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under applicable state

2

