2.
The parties further agree that in cases where the amount in controversy is One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) or less the only depositions will be for the sole purpose of
preserving testimony. In other cases, the right to, and extent of, any depositions will be determined
by agreement of the parties, or by the arbitrator. In all cases any documents exchanged between the
parties as part of the discovery process must be returned or destroyed (with proof of destruction)
within thirty (30) days of final judgment or dismissal of the arbitration.
3.
The parties agree that the city where we then have our headquarters at the time of
the commencement of the arbitration will be the site for arbitration. The arbitration shall be held
before one (1) arbitrator, who shall be chosen pursuant to the AAA rules for appointment of one
(1) arbitrator from the National Roster, except that in the event that either of the parties seeks
damages in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00), the arbitration shall be held before a
panel of three arbitrators. To compose the panel of three arbitrators, each party shall name one
arbitrator within fourteen (14) days of service of the Demand for Arbitration or Counterclaim
seeking damages in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00). The two chosen arbitrators
must perform his or her duties as a neutral, with impartiality and independence, and with diligence
and in good faith. The two arbitrators chosen by the parties shall, within thirty (30) days of the
appointment of the last arbitrator, appoint the chairperson of the panel from the National Roster
provided by the AAA.
4.
If you breach the terms of your Sublease, the Sublessor, whether us or our affiliate,
may exercise its rights under the Sublease, including your eviction from the Premises. Any action
brought by the Sublessor to enforce the Sublease, including actions brought pursuant to any crossdefault clause in the Sublease (which provides that a breach of this Agreement is a breach of the
Sublease) will not be an arbitrable dispute and will be adjudicated in the courts of the county and
state where the Premises is located. Without limitation, any security deposit that is returned to us
or our affiliate by the landlord may be applied to any amounts that you owe us under this
Agreement. The parties agree that you may seek a stay of any eviction brought under a cross-default
clause in the Sublease by filing a demand for arbitration in accordance with this sub-section within
thirty (30) days of the Sublessor’s commencement of the eviction. The stay shall be lifted upon
conclusion of the arbitration, and you may not seek a stay of eviction after the arbitration has
concluded. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not seek a stay of any eviction for any other type
of default under the Sublease, including without limitation the failure to pay rent or any other
amounts due and owing under the Sublease on a timely basis.
5.
You may only seek damages or any remedy under law or equity for any arbitrable
claim against us or our successors or assigns. You agree our intended beneficiaries of the arbitration
clause including our affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and
representatives, and their affiliates, will be neither liable nor named as a party in any arbitration or
litigation proceeding commenced by you where the claim arises out of or relates to this Agreement
or the business relationship between the parties. If you name a party in any arbitration or litigation
proceeding in violation of this sub-section, you will reimburse us for reasonable costs incurred,
including but not limited to arbitration fees, court costs, attorneys’ fees, management preparation
time, witness fees, and travel expenses incurred by us or the party.
6.
You acknowledge and agree that your default under this Agreement concerning
infringement of intellectual property rights in the Marks or in copyrighted items or disclosure of
Confidential Information (together “Intellectual Property Claims”) may cause irreparable harm
to us, our Affiliates and the System as a whole. Notwithstanding the arbitration clause in this subsection, we or an Affiliate may bring an action in connection with such a default for damages,
injunctive relief, or both in any court having jurisdiction.
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

37

