Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplify language in this Disclosure Document, “we”, “us”, “DAL” or “Doctor’s Associates” means Doctor’s
Associates LLC, the franchisor. “You” means the person(s) or entity that is granted the franchise, as well as all parties
who own any interest in an entity that is the franchisee.
The Franchisor, Its Parent, Predecessor, and Affiliates.
Franchisor and its Predecessor
We are a Delaware limited liability company, doing business as “Subway” through various affiliates. We converted
from a Florida corporation to a Florida limited liability company on October 29, 2018, and changed our name to
“Doctor’s Associates LLC”. On May 29, 2024, we converted to a Delaware limited liability company. Under Florida
and Delaware law, we are still the same entity that existed before each conversion. Our address is 1 Corporate Dr., Suite
1000, Shelton, CT 06484. Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit I. We previously offered plush toy
business franchises from 1982 to 1983 but did not sell any. Aside from the plush toy business and Master Franchise
Businesses described below, we have not offered franchises in any other line of business. We have no predecessors.
Since August 2021 we and our affiliates Subway IP LLC (“SIP”) and Subway International B.V. (“SIBV”) have offered
Subway® restaurant master franchise businesses (a “Master Franchise Business”) outside of the United States. A Master
Franchise Business is operated by an independent third party who is given a license from us to offer direct unit Subway®
restaurant franchises to third parties pursuant to unit franchise agreements. SIP has sold Master Franchise Businesses in
Paraguay and El Salvador, which have since been assigned to us. We have sold Master Franchise Businesses in Brazil,
China, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Panama, Uruguay, Honduras, and Guatemala. SIBV has sold Master Franchise
Businesses in Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Brazil, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Georgia, Hong Kong,
India, Indonesia, Japan, Kuwait, Luxembourg, Lichtenstein, Macau, Mongolia, Peninsula, Portugal, Malaysia, Norway,
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, and United Arab Emirates.
All of these Master Franchise Businesses are currently open and operating. SIBV has also sold a Master Franchise
Business in Russia, which is no longer open and operating.
Parents
Through a series of related step transactions, on April 30, 2024, our parent, Underground Purchaser, LLC (“UPL”),
acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of our former parent, Subway Worldwide System Holdings,
LLC (“SWSH,” successor in interest to our former parent, Subway Worldwide, Inc.). SWSH is a Delaware limited
liability company and shares our principal business address. UPL is a Delaware limited liability company owned by
several investment funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, an Atlanta-based private equity firm (“Roark”),
or one of its affiliates, and shares Roark’s principal business address, 1180 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 2500, Atlanta,
Georgia 30309-3521.
We are a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Subway Funding LLC (“Subway Funding”), which in turn is a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Subway Funding Holdco LLC (“Subway Funding Holdco”). Subway Funding and Subway
Funding Holdco were organized as part of the secured financing transaction described below and are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Subway US Holdings, LLC (“SUSH”). SUSH is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Subway System
Holdings, LLC (“SSH”), which in turn is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of SWSH.
Subway Funding, Subway Funding Holdco, SUSH, and SSH share our principal business address at 1 Corporate Drive,
Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484.
Securitization Transaction
As a result of a secured financing transaction which closed on June 20, 2024 (the “US Securitization Transaction”), we
became a direct subsidiary of Subway Funding and an indirect subsidiary of Subway Funding Holdco. As a result of
the US Securitization Transaction, ownership and control of all U.S. trademarks and certain intellectual property relating
1

