limited to, alterations and/or additions to the Premises if required under the Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990.
5.8

Damage or Destruction. If, during the Term, the Premises or the personal property or fixtures
on it are destroyed or damaged in whole or in part by fire or other cause, Subconcessionaire shall
give Subconcessionor immediate notice, and Subconcessionaire, at its own cost and expense,
shall cause the prompt repair, replacement and rebuilding of same (“Restoration”), subject to
Section 5.2 and Section 5.3 of this Subconcession Agreement. The restored building, personal
property or fixtures shall reflect the then current image of the Subway® brand. Subconcessionor
shall in no event be called upon to repair, replace or rebuild any such buildings, fixtures or
personal property, nor to pay any of the costs or expenses thereof beyond or in excess of any
insurance proceeds, as provided in this Subconcession Agreement.

5.9

Disclaimer. The taking of possession of the Premises by Subconcessionaire shall be conclusive
evidence that Subconcessionaire has accepted the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or
patent defects. Subconcessionaire acknowledges that Subconcessionaire is relying on its own
independent inspection.

5.10 Contracts. Subconcessionaire shall not without Subconcessionor’s written consent enter into
any service contract or agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the
occupants of it unless such contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more
than thirty (30) days’ notice or shall expressly provide that it shall not become binding on
Subconcessionor in the event that this Subconcession Agreement is terminated or expires.
Subconcessionaire shall furnish Subconcessionor with copies of all service contracts or
agreements affecting the Premises that are now in existence or that are subsequently entered into.
6

TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES
6.1

7

Payment.
6.1.1

In the event Subconcessionor elects, at its sole option, to pay the taxes, assessments,
charges for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental
impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (“Charges”) that are payable
in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises,
Subconcessionaire shall reimburse Subconcessionor within thirty (30) days after
Subconcessionaire receives an invoice for the payment of such Charges.

6.1.2

In the event Subconcessionor elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding
paragraph, Subconcessionaire shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may
be made without penalty or interest, all Charges that may be assessed, imposed, or
become due and payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of
the Premises or the fixtures or personal property on it, or any Charges that may be
imposed in lieu of, or as a substitution for, any such Charges. At any time after the time
for payment of each Charge, upon Subconcessionor’s request, Subconcessionaire shall
exhibit to Subconcessionor satisfactory evidence of payment. All Charges assessed or
imposed for the fiscal periods in which the Term of this Subconcession Agreement
commences and terminates shall be apportioned.

INDEMNIFICATION
7.1

Subconcessionaire shall indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably acceptable to
Subconcessionor and save Subconcessionor and its affiliates, and the shareholders, officers,
directors, employees, and agents of Subconcessionor and its affiliates, harmless from and against
all costs, expenses, liabilities, losses, damages, injunctions, suits, actions, fines, penalties, claims
9

