Franchisee’s use of the POS System and Software (“Restaurant Data”) and that relating to
franchisee owners and personnel, including your employees (“Franchisee Personnel Data”).
“Process”, “Processed” or “Processing” means any operation which is performed upon any
Personal Data, whether or not by electronic or automatic means (including, but not limited to security
measures), such as: collection, accessing, handling, impacting, recording, organization, structuring,
storage, protection, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission,
transfer, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure
or destruction.
“Processor” shall mean the person which is responsible for the Processing of Personal Data services
on behalf of, and as directed by the Controller. Processor shall also have the same meaning as
“Service Provider” (or any similar definition) under Data Protection Laws.
“Security Incident” means any breach, unauthorized or unlawful access to, or disclosure of any
Personal Data, or of any breach, unauthorized or unlawful access to any databases containing any
Personal Data, or of any other compromise to the security, confidentiality, availability, or integrity of
any Personal Data that is Processed pursuant to the Agreement.
“Security Program” means administrative, physical, technical, and organizational safeguards which
protect data from unauthorized Processing (as defined in the DPA), and which meet all applicable
requirements under Data Protection Laws and are no less rigorous than accepted industry practices
(including as such practices may be updated or replaced, and specifically including ISO standards
(ISO/IEC 27001 and ISO/IEC 27002), COBIT standards, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, or other at
least equivalent and applicable industry standards for information security).
“Subprocessor” means a subcontractor engaged by the Processor who agrees to receive Personal
Data exclusively intended for the Processing activities to be carried out in accordance with the terms
of the Agreement.
“Technical and Organizational Security Measures” means those measures aimed at protecting
data against a Security Incident, including where the Processing involves the transmission of data
over a network and against all other unlawful forms of Processing.
“Your Employees’ Personal Data” means all Franchisee Personnel Data comprising Personal Data
of employees of Franchisee’s Restaurant(s).
1.

Processing of Personal Information

1.1. Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants that it appointed and/or will appoint a Data
Protection Officer as and where such appointment is required by Data Protection Laws.
1.2. Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants that it complies, and throughout the Term of
the Agreement will continue to comply with all Data Protection Laws applicable to their
performance under the Agreement. Franchisee will notify Franchisor immediately if Franchisee
determines it can no longer meet its obligations under applicable Data Protection Laws or this
DPA. Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants that its and its subcontractors’
Processing of Personal Data will be consistent with no less than industry good practices, and
only occur within and comply with this DPA, Franchisee’s Security Program, and the Data
Protection Laws.
1.3. Franchisee shall treat Personal Data as confidential and shall only Process the Personal Data
(for clarity, not including Your Employees’ Personal Data) on behalf of and in accordance with
written instructions of Franchisor, unless Processing is required by the applicable Data
Protection Laws to which Franchisee or its Subprocessors are subject, in which case
Franchisee or its relevant Subprocessor shall to the extent permitted by the Data Protection
Page 14 of 22

