customers credit or debit card transaction receipts including the card’s expiration date. Plaintiffs contended that
printing credit or debit card expiration dates on transaction receipts constitutes a knowing, willful, intentional or
reckless violation of FACTA’s receipt provision precluding the printing of expiration dates on any
receipt. Plaintiffs sought certification of the class, statutory and punitive damages, attorney’s fees, costs, injunctive
relief and any other relief that the court may find reasonable and just. The franchisee was removed as a named
defendant in the Alan case, which was transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
Florida. The parties have agreed on a settlement in principle, which includes a class settlement fund of $30.9
million in consideration for a release of all claims on behalf of DAI, its affiliates and franchisees. The settlement
resolves both cases. DAI did not admit any wrongdoing, and contends that noncompliant receipts issued, if any,
were not the result of willful or reckless conduct on the part of DAI or its affiliates. On March 11, 2019, the
Southern District of Florida issued an order granting Plaintiff’s motion for attorney’s fees and final approval of
the class settlement.
28) Doctor’s Associates Inc. v. Jose Luis Carbonell and Victoria Carbonell, (6th Judicial District Court, Grant County
New Mexico, Case No. D-608-2013-00127). On May 7, 2013, Doctors Associates Inc. (DAI) brought an action
to confirm a stipulated arbitration award. On July 19, 2013, the Defendants filed an answer as well as
counterclaims against DAI and a third-party complaint against BDA Carol English. In their counterclaims and
third-party complaint, the Defendants claim that DAI breached the terms of the stipulated award by failing to
approve the transfer of two of the Defendants’ Subway® restaurants. The Defendants allege breach of contract,
breached of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, and civil conspiracy. Defendants seeks actual and
punitive damages, reasonable attorney fees, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, court costs and such other
and further relief as the court deems just and proper. The parties have entered into a confidential settlement and
mutual release, pursuant to which DAI paid the plaintiffs a $60,000 settlement fee. On April 14, 2020, the parties
filed a Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice.
29) Jeffrey E. Frahm v. Doctor’s Associates LLC, 01-19-0004-6405 (AAA). On December 24, 2019, former Business
Development Agent (“BDA”) Jeffrey Frahm filed an arbitration against Doctor’s Associates LLC (“DAL”) after
DAL terminated his Business Development Agent Agreement (“BDAA”) for cause. Frahm alleged multiple
counts of breach of contract, claiming that DAL unlawfully and improperly terminated the BDAA. Frahm also
alleged that he was fraudulently induced into entering into the BDAA. Frahm sought declaratory and injunctive
relief, monetary damages, interests, costs and other such relief as may be just and equitable. On May 19, 2020,
the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement and mutual release, pursuant to which the parties
agreed to the termination of the BDAA and DAL paid Frahm $1,150,000 and cancelled $563,473.34 of debt Frahm
owed to DAL. On May 26, 2020, the Frahm withdrew all claims in the arbitration with prejudice.
30) Mark Mitchell and Franchise Concepts of Oklahoma v. Doctor’s Associates LLC, Subway IP LLC, Franchise
World Headquarters, LLC, Joseph Esposito, Esq., Trevor Haynes, Suzanne Greco, Don Fertman, William
McCane, 01-20-0005-3623 (AAA). On May 22, 2020, Business Development Agent (“BDA”) Mark Mitchell
and his operating company filed an arbitration against Doctor’s Associates, LLC (“DAL”) and other related
entities and individuals after DAL terminated his Business Development Agent Agreement (“BDAA”) pursuant
to a trial period provision. The Claimants alleged that the Respondents improperly terminated the BDAA and
interfered with Mitchell’s ability to transfer his rights under the BDAA to a third party. The Claimants asserted
claims for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent and
negligent misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, fraud, tortious interference, unjust enrichment and violations
of the Florida Franchise Act, the Florida Communications Fraud Act, the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade
Practices Act, and the Oklahoma Business Opportunity Act. The Claimants sought declaratory and injunctive
relief, monetary damages, punitive damages, interests, costs, attorneys’ fees and other such relief as may be just
and equitable. On June 23, 2020, DAL filed and answer and asserted counterclaims against Mitchell for breach
of contract. On September 11, 2020, the Claimants and DAL entered into a confidential settlement agreement and
mutual release, pursuant to which the parties agreed to the termination of the BDAA and DAL paid Mitchell
$1,225,000. On September 18, 2020, the parties withdrew all claims in the arbitration with prejudice.
31) James J. Turi and Conri Development Group Inc. v. Doctor’s Associates, LLC, Subway IP LLC, and Franchise
World Headquarters, LLC, 01-20-0007-5808 (AAA). On July 1, 2020, the Claimants, former Business
Development Agent (“BDA”) James J. Turi and his operating company, filed an arbitration against the
Respondents after DAL terminated Turi’s Business Development Agent Agreement (“BDAA”) pursuant to a trial
11

