Confidential Operations Manual, the terms of the master copy of the Confidential Operations Manual
maintained by us at our home office shall be controlling.
10.

Standards of Quality and Performance.

A.
You shall commence operation of the Restaurant not later than twelve (12) months from
the Agreement Date, or as otherwise approved in writing by us. Prior to such opening, you shall have
procured all necessary licenses, permits, and approvals, including but not limited to construction permits,
shall have hired and trained personnel, made all leasehold improvements, and purchased initial inventory.
If you for any reason fail to commence operations as herein provided, unless you are precluded from doing
so by war or civil disturbance, natural disaster or organized labor dispute that precludes such timely
commencement of operation, such failure shall be considered a default and we may terminate this
Agreement. Once you have commenced operation of the Restaurant, you must actively and continuously
operate the Restaurant during normal business hours (as we may periodically prescribe in the Confidential
Operations Manual or elsewhere in writing) for the entire duration of the Term.
B.
You agree to maintain (or cause to be maintained) the condition and appearance of the
interior and exterior of the Premises consistent with our quality controls and standards for the image of a
Subway® Restaurant as an attractive, pleasant and comfortable facility conducive to patronage and impulse
buying by its customers. You agree to carry out such maintenance of the Restaurant as is from time to time
required to maintain or improve the appearance and efficient operation of the Restaurant, including
replacement of worn out or obsolete fixtures and signs, repair of the exterior and interior of the Restaurant
and redecorating. If at any time in our business judgment the general state of repair or the appearance of
the Premises or its equipment, fixtures, signs or decor does not meet our quality control and standards
therefor, we shall so notify you, specifying the action to be taken by you to correct such deficiency. If you
fail or refuse to initiate within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, and thereafter continue, a bona
fide program to complete any required maintenance, we shall have the right, in addition to all other
remedies, to enter upon the Premises and effect such repairs, painting, decorating or replacements of
equipment, fixtures or signs on your behalf and you shall pay the entire costs thereof on demand. Your
obligation to initiate and continue any required maintenance shall be suspended during any period in which
such maintenance is commercially impractical due to war, civil disturbance, natural disaster, organized
labor dispute or other event beyond your reasonable control.
C.
You must bring all Restaurants into compliance with our System Standards on or before
the Remodel Due Date set forth on Exhibit B (in each case, a “Remodel Due Date”). You may identify
certain Restaurants for relocation, subject to our approval. If a Restaurant is identified for relocation and
approved by us before its Remodel Due Date, that Restaurant will be considered remodeled as of the
Remodel Due Date; provided that, you, to our satisfaction, relocate and re-open the identified Restaurant
to our specifications within 18 months of our approval. No later than ninety (90) days after the Agreement
date, you agree to upgrade or replace any equipment in accordance with the equipment requirements set
forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. The parties agree that time is of the essence with respect to
your equipment obligations.
D.
In our sole discretion, we may permit you to close certain Restaurants operated by you
under this Agreement. You must provide us with 60 days’ prior written notice of your desire to close a
Restaurant, which shall include an explanation of the reasons for the closure for our consideration. If we
permit you to close the Restaurant, you must comply with all post-termination obligations set forth in this
Agreement as they apply to the closed Restaurant, and you must cooperate with us or our designee during
the closure process, including with respect to matters such as disidentification. Our failure to respond to
your notice of your desire to close a Restaurant shall be deemed our disapproval of such closure. Any
Restaurant closed in accordance with this paragraph shall be deemed remodeled and upgraded on or before
the Remodel Due Date.

