p.

Death or disability of
franchisee

FA and MUFA Section Upon your death or permanent disability or, if you are a
18.E
corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the
owner of 50% or more of the equity or voting control of you,
the executor, administrator, conservator or other personal
representative of such person will assign this Agreement or
interest in you to a third party approved in writing by us. This
disposition of the interest in you must be completed within a
reasonable time, not to exceed 12 months from the date of
death or permanent disability, and will be subject to all the
terms and conditions applicable to assignments contained in
Section 18 and elsewhere in the Franchise Agreement. Failure
to dispose of the Franchise Agreement or interest in you within
the required period of time will constitute a breach of the
Franchise Agreement. Pending disposition, we will have the
right to approve the management of the restaurant owned by
you.

q.

Non-competition
covenants during the
term of the franchise

FA and MUFA Section No direct or indirect association with a competitive business
19
anywhere; if you breach you must pay $15,000 for each
business and 8% of gross sales and we may seek termination
of your Franchise Agreement, an injunction and/or damages.
You may not disclose any confidential or proprietary
information to any unauthorized person or we may seek an
injunction, damages or both.
FAR Part I and II

r.

Non-competition
covenants after the
franchise is
terminated or expires

No direct or indirect association with a competitive business at
your Facility or School, as applicable.

FA and MUFA Section No direct or indirect association with a competitive business
19
for 1 year after termination, expiration or transfer of the
Franchise Agreement within a 3 mile radius of where a
Subway® restaurant operates or operated within the prior year;
if you breach you must pay $15,000 for each business and 8%
of gross sales and we may seek an injunction and/or damages.
You may not disclose any confidential or proprietary
information to any unauthorized person or we may seek an
injunction and/or damages.
FAR Part I and II

No direct or indirect association with a competitive business
for 1 year after termination, expiration or transfer of the
Franchise Agreement within your Facility. If you operate a
School Lunch Program Subway® restaurant, you may operate
a competitive business in a different school after termination
provided that you do not operate the competitive business as a
full retail outlet open to the public.

s.

Modification of the
agreement

FA and MUFA Section The Franchise Agreement may be modified only by written
24.R
agreement signed by both you and us. However, you
acknowledge and agree that we may modify the Confidential
DA Section 13
Operations Manual and System Standards from time to time,
subject to the terms of the Franchise Agreement.

t.

Integration/merger
clause

FA and MUFA Section Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are binding
24.N
(subject to state law), however, nothing in the Franchise
Agreement is intended to disclaim or waive any representations
DA Section 13
in this Disclosure Document. Any other promises may not be
enforceable.
85

