C.
Upon our demand, you shall assign to us your interest in any lease then in effect for the
Premises and you shall furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within
thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.
D.
Except with respect to Restaurants that you have the right to continue to operate under this
Agreement or another franchise agreement, you shall immediately and permanently cease to use, by
advertising or in any manner whatsoever: any confidential methods, procedures and techniques associated
with the System; and the Marks and distinctive forms, slogans, signs, symbols, logos, and devices
associated with the System. In particular, you shall cease to use, without limitation, all signs, advertising
materials, stationery, forms, and any other articles that display the Marks.
E.
You shall take such action as may be necessary to assign to us or our designee any assumed
name rights or equivalent registration filed with state, city, or county authorities that contain(s) the name
“Subway®”, any derivation thereof, or any other service mark or trademark of the System, and you shall
furnish us with evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with this obligation within thirty (30) days after
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
F.
You agree, in the event you continue to operate or subsequently begin to operate any other
business, not to use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy or colorable imitation of the Marks either in
connection with such other business or the promotion thereof, which is likely to cause confusion, mistake
or deception, or which is likely to dilute our exclusive rights in and to the Marks and further agree not to
utilize any designation of origin or description or representation that falsely suggests or represents an
association or connection with us so as to constitute unfair competition.
G.
Except as expressly provided herein, you must obtain our written approval prior to closing
the Restaurant and removing any signage, fixtures, or other leasehold improvements from the Restaurant,
or otherwise de-identifying the Restaurant as a Subway® Restaurant. We will have the right, at your cost,
to reinstall any signage, fixtures or other leasehold improvements removed from the Restaurant without our
written consent. If we approve the closure of the Restaurant in writing, or if you fail to obtain our approval
to close the Restaurant and we subsequently determine the Restaurant should be closed, you must change
the appearance of the Restaurant, to the extent we require, so it will no longer be identified as a Subway®
Restaurant within fourteen (14) days of the date we issue our written approval or provide notice to you of
our decision for the Restaurant to close.
H.
If your leasehold interest in the Premises is not a Sublease with us, you are responsible for
obtaining a termination and mutual release of such lease from the landlord for us or our affiliate(s). You
are responsible for all costs associated with obtaining the termination and mutual release, including but not
limited to any amounts owed to the landlord.
I.
You shall promptly pay all sums owing to us. In the event of termination for any default of
yours or termination without cause by you, such sums shall include all damages (which may include lost
future Royalty Fees), costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by us as a result
of the default.
J.
You shall pay to us all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees,
incurred by us subsequent to the termination or expiration of the franchise herein granted in obtaining
injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any provisions of this Section or Section 19.
K.
You shall immediately turn over to us all manuals, including the Confidential Operations
Manual, customer lists, records, files, instructions, brochures, agreements, disclosure statements, and any
and all other materials provided by us to you or which contain our Confidential Information relating to the
operation of the Restaurant (all of which you acknowledge to be our property).

