However, in certain circumstances, we and our affiliates may charge a usage fee to franchisees to offset the costs of
production, which will be paid from the portion of Advertising Fund contributions allocated to national or local
advertising. Alternatively, we or our affiliates may allocate money from the vendor advertising contributions to a
national advertising fund to pay for all or a portion of the costs for these materials.
Neither we nor SFAFT are obligated to advertise in the immediate vicinity of your restaurant; however contributions to
the Advertising Fund will be used for the benefit of all Subway® franchisees. We cannot quantify or guarantee any
benefits to you as a result of your contributions to the Advertising Fund or any vendor advertising contributions paid on
your purchases from a vendor. Disbursements from the Advertising Fund for various advertising and marketing related
brand initiatives may not benefit you in proportion to the amounts you contributed or that vendors contributed as a result
of your purchases from the vendor.
Franchisee Advisory Board. Franchisees that meet certain qualifications have the opportunity to be appointed to a
franchisee advisory board. The SFAFT US Advisory Board functions in an advisory capacity and consults with and
advises us and SFAFT about advertising, marketing and promoting the Subway® brand nationally in the US.
All requirements, qualifications, and responsibilities with respect to Advisory Board Members are contained in the
Governance Manual and are subject to change and may be amended by us at any time.
Franchisee Created Advertising and Promotional Programs. You may develop advertising materials for your own use
at your own cost. Individual restaurant advertising includes but is not limited to internet coupons, point of purchase
advertising materials, receipt advertising, fliers, billboards, team sponsorships, radio partnerships, cross promotions with
other retailers, etc. All advertising materials you develop must be approved by us prior to distribution as provided in the
Operations Manual. Any use of Social Media must comply with the Social Media Guidelines as amended and as set
forth in the Operations Manual. We have the power to approve or disapprove of any use of the trademarks in advertising
or developed by you. You must participate in, and comply with the requirements of, any sales, marketing, advertising,
and promotional programs we implement, which may be implemented on a national, regional, or local basis, and you
must use only the materials and media for these programs that we designate or otherwise expressly approve. As part of
the overall marketing strategy, SFAFT may offer other promotions in which you may be required to participate at your
cost, including by purchasing services from distributors we designate.
Computer and Cash Register Systems. You must use an approved computer-based point-of-sale system (“POS
System”) in all of your new and existing restaurants, with required software. We may waive this requirement for some
satellite restaurants, co-brand locations, and some non-traditional locations under certain circumstances. You must also
provide us with a business email address and cellular phone number that you will use to receive electronic
communications and calls from us or our affiliates. You must report and transmit sales and specified business
information to us electronically at weekly or other intervals we direct for all new and existing franchises that you own.
Data transmission requirements include but may not be limited to the following: all data generated at the point of sale,
including detailed sales transactions; general time punch data without employee identifying information; inventory; and
purchase orders for food distributors. You must also use our control systems to manage your business. We may have
independent access to your POS information and related data described above, and you are required to connect your
POS to our LiveIQ reporting system, which transmits transactional data to us in near real-time.
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, you will be entering into software license agreements and consenting to
other technology programs/initiatives electronically in connection with the operation of your restaurant, if permitted by
local law. If more than one individual signs the Franchise Agreement, any one individual may accept software license
agreements and consent to technology programs/initiatives, like remote access to your POS System, on behalf of all
individuals named as franchisee on the Franchise Agreement. By virtue of such acceptance or consent by one of you, all
of you agree to be bound by it. You may delegate access to and configuration of your POS System to the manager of
your restaurant to permit the manager to configure your POS system for updates on your behalf. However, some POS
system updates may only be accessible by you.
You have a contractual obligation to upgrade or update your POS system to maintain full operational efficiency and to
keep pace with changing technology and updates to our requirements. We may, from time to time, remotely access your
POS System with your consent in order to maintain system security, perform routine system maintenance, provide
66

