None of the affiliated franchisors listed above are obligated to provide products or services to you; however, you may
purchase products or services from these franchisors if you choose to do so.
Except as described above, we have no other parents, predecessors or affiliates that must be included in this Item.
The Franchisor’s Business. We offer and sell franchises for Subway® restaurants for locations in the United States and
its territories. Though our current policy is to establish all restaurants as franchises, sometimes we may own or operate
restaurants previously owned by franchisees until we find a new franchisee. You must purchase through us from us
substantially all major items of equipment for your restaurant. We have been offering franchises for Subway® restaurants
since 1974.
We also offer and sell master franchise businesses in countries outside of the United States, as described above. Other
than that, we are not engaged in any other business.
The Subway® Restaurant Franchise. Under the Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”), which is Exhibit
A, we offer qualified purchasers the right to establish and operate, from a single location, a retail establishment preparing
and selling foot-long, six-inch, flat bread, and specialty sandwiches, salads, wraps, and other food items. All foot-long
sandwiches are required to measure at least 12 inches in length. All six-inch sandwiches are required to measure at least
6 inches in length. The sandwich categories include cold cuts, seafood, steak, pulled pork, chicken and meatballs. Guests
may choose between an array of signature sandwiches from our Subway® Series menu, or from a variety of breads,
cheeses, vegetables, seasonings, and condiments to make their custom-made sandwiches. The breakfast menu is required
for all restaurants in the United States and its territories and features egg sandwiches, bacon, sausage, muffins, juice,
coffee and other breakfast items. The Franchise Agreement gives you the right to operate the restaurant under the name
and mark Subway® and other marks we designate. You must operate your restaurant in accordance with the rules we
establish, including those in the Operations Manual (the “Operations Manual”), which we license from our affiliate and
which our affiliate may revise at any time during the term of your Franchise Agreement under any condition and to any
extent which we consider necessary to meet competition, protect trademarks, service marks, or trade names, or improve
the quality of the product or service provided by Subway® restaurants.
If you meet our qualifications, we may approve of you operating multiple restaurants in accordance with the
Development Agreement attached as Exhibit A-12, and one or more Franchise Agreements or the Multi-Unit Franchise
Agreement attached as Exhibit A-13. The Development Agreement governs your development obligations, while one
or more Franchise Agreements or Multi-Unit Franchise Agreements will govern the development, opening and operation
of specific restaurants.
Programs and Non-Traditional Locations. We also sell franchises for non-traditional locations, as set forth in the table
and notes below. In addition, we offer programs to qualifying franchisees. If you meet our requirements and choose to
purchase a franchise for a non-traditional location, or if you qualify and choose to participate in one of our programs,
you may be required to sign a rider or addendum described in the table and notes below, which will amend the standard
form Franchise Agreement. Alternatively, we may require you to sign a concession or subconcession agreement.
The non-traditional locations and programs that we offer are as follows:

11

