of default under the Sublease, including without limitation the failure to pay rent or any other
amounts due and owing under the Sublease on a timely basis.
5.
You may only seek damages or any remedy under law or equity for any arbitrable
claim against us or our successors or assigns. You agree our intended beneficiaries of the arbitration
clause including our affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and
representatives, and their affiliates, will be neither liable nor named as a party in any arbitration or
litigation proceeding commenced by you where the claim arises out of or relates to this Agreement
or the business relationship between the parties. If you name a party in any arbitration or litigation
proceeding in violation of this sub-section, you will reimburse us for reasonable costs incurred,
including but not limited to arbitration fees, court costs, attorneys’ fees, management preparation
time, witness fees, and travel expenses incurred by us or the party.
6.
You acknowledge and agree that your default under this Agreement concerning
infringement of intellectual property rights in the Marks or in copyrighted items or disclosure of
Confidential Information (together “Intellectual Property Claims”) may cause irreparable harm
to us, our Affiliates and the System as a whole. Notwithstanding the arbitration clause in this subsection, we or an Affiliate may bring an action in connection with such a default for damages,
injunctive relief, or both in any court having jurisdiction.
7.
Any disputes concerning the enforceability or scope of the arbitration clause are
delegated to the arbitrator for determination, except for Intellectual Property Claims. Any
arbitration will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §1, et seq. (“FAA”),
and the parties agree that the FAA preempts any state law restrictions (including the site of the
arbitration) on the enforcement of the arbitration clause in this Agreement. If the FAA has been
repealed or modified such that it no longer applies to this Agreement, then any disputes shall be
resolved in accordance with applicable law governing this Agreement. The parties agree to waive
any right to disclaim or contest this pre-dispute arbitration agreement.
8.
A party will be in default of this Agreement if it i) commences action in any court
in violation of this sub-section prior to an arbitrator’s final decision (except as otherwise allowed
by this Agreement, including to compel arbitration), or ii) commences litigation in any forum
except where permitted by this sub-section. The defaulting party will also be responsible for the
expenses the other party incurs to enforce this sub-section, including but not limited to filing fees,
court costs, reasonable attorneys’ fees and travel expenses. However, if a court of competent
jurisdiction deems the arbitration clause unenforceable after all appeals have been exhausted, the
defaulting party will not be responsible for such costs.
9.
Subject to federal or state law, if a party defaults under sub-section G, including,
but not limited to, making a claim for special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or multiple
damages, or damages in excess of the amount permitted, the defaulting party must correct its claim
and will be responsible for all expenses incurred by the other party, including attorneys' fees, and
will be liable for abuse of process.
10.
The parties agree that all statutes of limitations and deadlines provided for in the
governing law that is applied to the arbitration shall have full force and effect, unless a shorter
limitations period is provided in sub-section H and is enforceable under applicable law.
L.
Binding Effect. This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, assigns and successors in interest.

