not apply to the portions of the Co-Branded Location where you operate the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store.
Each AA Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and procedures, will control and apply to
its respective licensed portion of the Co-Branded Location, and any common areas, but will not apply
to the Subway restaurant portion of the Co-Branded Location. The common areas will be subject to
ours, and Auntie Anne’s, Inc.’s Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and procedures.
You will comply with the highest and most stringent duties and responsibilities governing the common
areas if we and the Auntie Anne’s, Inc. have different requirements.
i. You must permit each Auntie Anne’s, Inc. representative to inspect the Subway® portion of the
Co-Branded Location at all reasonable times during normal business hours and your books and records
related to the operation of the Restaurant, to the same extent you must permit us to inspect the location
and your books and records under this Agreement. You will also grant us inspection rights relating to
the portions of the Co-Branded Location you operate under the AA Franchise Agreement, and the
related books and records, to the same extent you grant Auntie Anne’s, Inc. inspection rights under its
respective franchise agreement. You acknowledge and agree we and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. may share
information about you, the Co-Branded Location, and the businesses you operate, and may report
compliance problems or your other possible defaults to each other. You will report to us weekly your
sales, inventory costs, and other business information we request regarding the AUNTIE ANNE’S®
store you operate in combination with the Restaurant.
j. You will name Auntie Anne’s, Inc. and its designated affiliates individually, as additional
insureds on the insurance coverage required under this Agreement, and provide certificates of insurance
to each additional insured. You will also name us, our Affiliates, our Business Developer assigned to
the Co-Branded Location, and our agents, representatives, shareholders, directors, officers and
employees, and those of our Affiliates and the Business Developer (the “Additional Insureds”),
individually, as additional insureds on the insurance coverage you maintain under your AA Franchise
Agreement, and provide certificates of insurance to the Additional Insureds. You will obtain and
maintain the highest limits of coverage we or Auntie Anne’s, Inc. requires under its respective
Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and procedures, for the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store
you operate in combination with the Restaurant under the AA Franchise Agreement. You may obtain
your insurance for the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store from our Gold Standard Insurance Program.
k. You acknowledge and agree the right to operate the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store in combination
with the Restaurant is subject to your continued operation of the Restaurant. If this Agreement
terminates or expires, or for any other reason you cease to operate the Restaurant at the Co-Branded
Location which is licensed under this Agreement, you will also cease to operate the AUNTIE ANNE’S®
portion of the Co-Branded Location and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. will allow you to terminate your AA
Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms of your AA Franchise Agreement. You may relocate
the Co-Branded Location only with ours and Auntie Anne’s, Inc.’s separate written approval. If Auntie
Anne’s, Inc. does not consent to your request to relocate, Auntie Anne’s, Inc. shall grant you the right
to terminate your franchise agreement in accordance with its termination procedures. We may then
allow you to relocate the Restaurant. The term of your AA Franchise Agreement may be shorter than
the term of this Agreement.
l. You acknowledge and agree you must review the master lease or sublease for the Restaurant to
make sure it allows you to offer AUNTIE ANNE’S® products. You also agree to review local
regulations to make sure they allow the sale of the AUNTIE ANNE’S® products at the location, and do
not require you to obtain additional permits or satisfy other requirements, such as adding more parking
spaces.
m. You understand and agree we and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. are separately responsible to you. You
understand your AUNTIE ANNE’S franchise was made through a separate franchise offering made
to you by Auntie Anne’s, Inc. and we cannot attest to the validity any of the information they have
provided to you in their disclosure document or thru any other source. We will not be liable to you for
any defaults or misrepresentations by Auntie Anne’s, Inc.
3

