nonrefundable. We may pay up to one-third of collected royalties to third parties who assist with the development of
our franchise system, including Business Developers. The royalty is payable weekly and is due on or before the Friday
following the close of the business week which is usually Tuesday. You must submit signed forms to allow us to deposit
drafts against your bank account for the full amount of the weekly accruals of royalties, advertising fees, and other
amounts you will owe us. We may establish a marketing assistance fund that may be used to conduct marketing analyses
and related activities regarding specific restaurants located in the vicinity of certain non-traditional locations. We may
place a portion of the royalty fees received from Subway® restaurant locations developed by large companies operating
100 or more locations into this fund which will be administered jointly by us and the company developing the locations.
Note 2. Advertising Fees. You must pay us 4.5% of gross sales of your restaurant for advertising. The advertising fee
is nonrefundable and we will deposit that money into SFAFT or such other marketing fund(s) as we shall designate from
time to time. Under earlier forms of franchise agreement, many of which are still in effect, franchisees had the right to
increase the advertising percentage temporarily or permanently by a 2/3 vote on the basis of one vote for each operating
restaurant. At the time of issuance of this disclosure document, more than 2/3 of restaurant locations were governed by
franchise agreements with this legacy provision. While unlikely, it is possible that the franchisees owning at least 2/3
of all restaurants could vote to increase the advertising percentage, but it would be among themselves only, and you
would not be bound by any such increase because the current form of franchise agreement fixes the advertising fund
contribution at 4.5%. Company- or affiliate-owned restaurants pay advertising fees and have a vote on advertising fund
matters.
Certain satellite restaurants and other non-traditional restaurants, certain qualified Food Service Providers, and certain
franchisees paying advertising fees under their leases, may each qualify to pay a reduced advertising fee ranging from
0.5% to 2% of gross sales.
Certain multi-unit franchisees entering into a Development Agreement with us may be eligible for reduced advertising
contributions ranging from 2% to 3.5%.
The advertising fee is the same for anyone currently buying a franchise, except as stated above. Advertising fees are due
weekly at the same time as the royalty fees.
Note 3. Audit Fees. If we determine, after conducting an audit, that you under-reported gross sales by more than 2%
of your reported sales, you will pay us the royalty, advertising contributions and other charges due on the Gross Sales
that were not reported, all costs provided in Section 16.E of the Franchise Agreement, plus interest and the late fees (the
“Overdue Amount”). This charge covers the damages we suffer for your under-reporting, which is injurious and
prejudicial to the Subway® system, the trademarks, and the goodwill associated therewith. If you fail to submit your
information to be audited, we have the right to obtain the Restaurant’s Gross Sales information and data directly from
your POS System reports which you acknowledge and agree we have a right to access. We will use those reports to
determine any amount of the under-reported Gross Sales and charge the Overdue Amount on that basis. In the event for
any reason, we are unable to access the necessary information through the POS System reports, we may estimate your
Gross Sales and charge you based upon the estimate. However, we will not impose this charge if you can show that you
fully completed all of our control sheets in an accurate manner each week and that your under-reporting was due solely
to employee theft that could not be detected with our control systems. We may also terminate your Franchise Agreement
if you fail to properly report Gross Sales for any calendar year.
Note 4. Late Payment Fees. We may change or eliminate these fees.
Note 5. Transfer Fee. A transfer is the sale or other conveyance of any portion of your rights under the Franchise
Agreement to another party, including the addition or removal of an individual from the Franchise Agreement. You will
pay the standard transfer fee of $7,500. If you own a satellite restaurant, you must transfer the Franchise Agreement for
the satellite restaurant to the same buyer who purchases the Base Restaurant and the Base Restaurant’s Franchise
Agreement. In limited circumstances, we may allow a transfer of only the satellite restaurant and satellite Franchise
Agreement if in our determination there is a good business reason to do so. You must pay a transfer fee of $3,000 for
the transfer of the satellite Franchise Agreement (or $1,000 if the satellite will be established for one year or less) and a
separate transfer fee for the transfer of the Base Restaurant. The transfer fee is payable when you submit a request for
transfer.
39

