When you use Subway Services, we may ask you to provide certain personal
information to obtain our products or use our services. For example, we collect
information if you place an order, create an account, or contact us. We also collect
information from you if sign up for email communications, submit a job application, or
otherwise submit your information to us. This could be in person, by phone, or online.
We Collect Information Automatically
When you visit or interact with Subway Services as well as any third-party advertisers
and/or service providers, we may use a variety of technologies that automatically or
passively collect information about your online activity. We and our service providers
use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, unique advertising identifiers, and
mobile device identifiers to collect information about the use of our websites and mobile
services. For more information, including the types of cookies found on Subway®
websites and how to control cookies, please read the “Cookies & Targeted
Advertising” section below.
We Receive Information from Third Parties
We may collect information about you from other companies and organizations,
including our service providers, public databases, social media platforms, affiliated
companies, data aggregators, our marketing partners or various independent
purchasing organizations established for the benefit of Subway® franchisees. This
includes, for example, information from public databases, data aggregators, and our
affiliates that may include your demographic information, media consumption, previous
purchases, shopping habits, loyalty program information or lifestyle preferences.
Independent purchasing organizations provide a variety of support functions to
Subway® franchisees in each region. Support functions may include, but are not limited
to, administering rewards, loyalty, and gift card programs, in which we may work with
the independent purchasing organization in joint marketing efforts in relation to those
programs. The Independent purchasing organizations we work with are Independent
Purchasing Cooperative, Inc. (United States, its territories, and Canada), Independent
Purchasing Company (Australasia) Ltd. (Asia, Australia, and New Zealand), Latin
American and Caribbean Independent Purchasing Company (Latin America and
Caribbean), Independent Purchasing Company Europe Limited (Europe) and Middle
East Independent Purchasing Company Ltd. (MEIPC) (Middle East).
We Collect Information that is Publicly Available
For example, we may collect public information about your when you interact with us
through social media. By collecting additional information about you, we can correct
inaccurate information, enhance the security of your transactions, and give you product
recommendations and special offers that are more likely to interest you.
We Combine Information

6

