APPENDIX 1 to SUBWAYPOS® END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Data Processing Addendum
This Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) is entered into by and between Franchisor and You, a
franchisee and operator of one or more SUBWAY® restaurants. You are also referred to as the
“Franchisee”. This DPA is incorporated into and forms a part of the SubwayPOS® End User License
Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee (the “Agreement”).
The parties’ performance of the Agreement will include Processing of Personal Data. Accordingly, this
DPA governs the respective responsibilities of the parties and their subcontractors. For the avoidance
of doubt, this DPA is intended to supplement and expand upon the provisions of the Agreement, and
not to limit or restrict any provision of the Agreement. Capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined
herein, will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.
List of Exhibits:
Exhibit 1: Additional Controller to Controller Terms
Exhibit 2: Details of Processing
Exhibit 3: Description of Technical and Organizational Security Measures
Definitions
In this DPA, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below and similar terms shall be
construed accordingly:
“Controller” means the entity responsible for determining the purposes and means of the
Processing of Personal Data collected, received, or otherwise transmitted pursuant to the Agreement.
Controller shall also have the same meaning as “Business” (or any similar definition) under Data
Protection Laws.
“Data Protection Laws” means any and all applicable international, national, provincial, federal,
state, and local laws and regulations, including as they may be enacted, amended or replaced from
time to time, that relate to or govern Personal Data, the terms of this DPA or the Agreement, and/or
the performance thereof, and including the following data protection laws and frameworks (if and to
the extent applicable): (A) the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), (B) all United
States state privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the
Colorado Privacy Act, the Utah Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, and the Virginia
Consumer Data Protection Act, (C) the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), (D) the
federal and provincial privacy laws in Canada, and (E) to the extent applicable, the data protection
or privacy laws and regulations of any other jurisdiction.
“Data Protection Officer” is an enterprise privacy leadership role as required by the applicable
Data Protection Law. A Data Protection Officer is responsible for overseeing data protection strategy
and implementation to ensure compliance with the requirements of Data Protection Laws.
“Personal Data” means any information that identifies or locates a natural person (a “Data
Subject”) or that, in combination with other reasonably available data, can be used to identify or
locate a natural person that is Processed pursuant to the Agreement. Personal Data does not include
information that is appropriately de-identified or made anonymous and, hence, excluded from
regulation under Data Protection Laws. Any information considered “Personal Information” (or any
similar definition) under Data Protection Laws shall be considered Personal Data. Personal Data
includes information relating to actual and prospective Restaurant customers, loyalty members, and
Subway® card holders, as well as Restaurant transaction data and other information arising from
Page 13 of 22

