If you establish the restaurant at an AAFES location, you may be required to have a manager on duty at the restaurant
during all hours of operation who has received food protection manager certification.
You must keep your restaurant open within the hours specified in the Contract, subject to local regulations, unless
we approve different hours in writing.
Item 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
If you establish your restaurant at an AAFES location, you may be required under the Contract to offer certain snack
menu items, such as pizza or hot dogs. Review the Contract and any Modifications of Contract specific to your
location to determine whether any such requirement applies to you. You are responsible for any costs associated with
offering the additional menu item(s).
Under the Contract, you will be limited to selling to individuals who have access to AAFES’ facilities. Under the
Contract, you may be required to obtain approval from AAFES to offer and sell certain products or to make changes
to menu offerings. You may also be required to sell items at the same or lower price than the prices of the same items
at the Subway® restaurant closest to your restaurant.
Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
or the AAFES Rider (“AR”) (Exhibit A-20).
Item a, Length of the Franchise Term:
AR Para. III.

The term is 20 years, but you must open the restaurant for business
within the time provided in the Contract.
There are additional risks involved because the Contract is generally for a
short term of 10 years, but it could be as short as 1 year or less if the
Contract has only been extended or renewed for a limited time. AAFES
may also terminate the Contract at any time upon written notice. Your
Franchise Agreement could be valueless and you could lose your
investment if AAFES does not extend or renew the term of the Contract
grant you a follow-on Contract for the location.

Item g. “Cause” defined- defaults which can be cured:
AR Paras. XI, XII,

You have 10 days to cure: failure to pay amounts owed to AAFES for
all amounts you owe under the Franchise Agreement or Contract. A
default under the Contract will be a default under the Franchise
Agreement and you have 60 days to cure any such default.

8

