a. “Force Majeure” shall mean any period of delay which arises from or through acts of God;
pandemics; strikes, lockouts, or labor difficulty; explosion, sabotage, accident, riot, or civil
commotion; act of war; fire or other casualty; pandemics, legal requirements; delays caused
by the other party; and causes beyond the reasonable control of a party. Landlord further
agrees that in the event Tenant is required by any governmental authority to close its store
at the Premises due to a Force Majeure event, Tenant’s obligation to continue paying the
monthly rent shall be abated (“Rent Abatement”) if Tenant sends the Rent Abatement
Notice.
b. “Rent Abatement Notice” shall mean written notice submitted by Tenant pursuant to the
terms of this Amendment notifying Landlord of a requirement by any governmental
authority to refrain from operating its business at the Premises. The Rent Abatement Notice
shall include a copy of the requirement issued by the governmental authority. The period of
the Rent Abatement shall be one-day for each day following the date that Landlord receives
the Rent Abatement Notice and the date that Tenant is no longer obligated to refrain from
opening due to the aforesaid governmental authority requirement or to remain closed due to
the aforesaid governmental authority requirement, as applicable (this period of time being
referred to herein as the “Rent Abatement Period”). The parties agree, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, that the Lease term shall be extended automatically by a
period of time equal to the Rent Abatement Period; and, upon the request of either party, the
non-requesting party shall enter into an amendment of this Lease to memorialize this
extended Lease term.
33. Cancellation. Landlord agrees that the Lease may be canceled by Tenant within thirty (30) days of
full execution by so notifying Landlord in writing. Further, Landlord agrees that it shall commence
and/or continue constructing the Premises in accordance with Landlord’s work during this period.
However, Tenant acknowledges that Landlord shall not be required to make any alterations that are
unique to Tenant’s use until the above referenced time period has expired.
34. Entire Agreement. The Lease and this Amendment contains the entire agreement between the
parties and supersedes all prior understandings.
35. Mechanics’ Liens. Tenant shall pay and settle all expenses and liabilities arising out of or in any
way connected with any and all construction, repairs, alterations, or maintenance of the Premises,
and all liens of mechanic’s and materialmen, and all liens of a similar character, arising out of or
growing out of the construction, repair, alteration, or maintenance of the Premises, provided said
work was performed by Tenant and provided the person performing the work has filed the lien
properly in accordance with the laws of the State where the Premises are located.
36. Timeliness of Charges. Landlord agrees to notify Tenant in writing in accordance with the Lease
of any back charges due under the Lease or of any changes in the rent as and when they become due.
All parties agree and acknowledge that time is of the essence with respect to these matters. In the
event that Landlord does not appropriately notify Tenant within ninety (90) days of the date upon
which said charges had become due, Landlord agrees that it has waived its rights to said back charges
and further, that Tenant shall not be obligated to pay, nor shall it have any liability for these back
charges. It is agreed that it is the intent of the parties that all charges be assessed in a timely manner
as they accrue and in no event shall they be assessed to Tenant after this ninety (90) day period.
37. Surrender of Premises. Tenant shall be permitted, within ten (10) days after the expiration or
sooner termination of the Lease, to remove any additions or improvements made by it, provided,
however, that it repairs any damage to the Premises caused by such removal or pays for any damages
11

