If you are a school board, school district, or municipality buying a franchise for a school lunch location, you must notify
us before you sign the Franchise Agreement if the law prevents you from providing the required insurance coverage or
indemnification. We may elect to amend your Franchise Agreement to delete the unlawful insurance coverage or
indemnification requirements.
We have designated one or more approved insurance brokers and their associated carrier(s) from which you must buy
your insurance under our Gold Standard Insurance Program for each of your restaurants. We have negotiated to provide
an insurance package, including property, general liability, auto liability, statutory Workers’ Compensation, business
income, and additional forms of insurance coverage for Subway® franchisees. At the brokers’ direction, the carriers will
name all the additional insureds your Franchise Agreement and Sublease or Sublicense, if any, requires and will also
provide insurance certificates to us and our real estate affiliate. You must make payments directly to your insurance
carrier via EFT. If your insurable interest in the facility in which the restaurant is located is greater than the restaurant,
subject to our written approval and your signing the Franchise Agreement Rider, Part I, you may maintain a program of
self-insurance or buy your insurance through your local insurance broker or carrier. If you own another business
operating on the premises where your restaurant is located, subject to prior written approval, we may allow you to buy
your insurance from the broker or carrier, who places the insurance for the other business. In these cases, which we
allow you to obtain your insurance from a source other than that approved under our Gold Standard Insurance Program,
your broker or agency must meet our requirements relating to Errors & Omissions coverage, indemnification and
reporting specifications and place your insurance with a carrier maintaining a rating of at least A-/IX in Best’s Insurance
Guide.
You must buy your insurance from the brokers and companies we designate and provide indemnification under our
current language for all of your restaurants.
Neither we nor our affiliates receive any income from placing insurance coverage or benefit plans with any insurance
broker or carrier.
Note 6. Training Expenses. You do not pay us a training fee but you will be responsible for all personal expenses for
the training, including transportation to the designated training restaurant, lodging, meals, wages, and benefits for any
of your employees. We may substitute a shorter training program for school lunch franchisees but you may have travel
costs depending on where you receive your training. We do not charge a separate training fee for school lunch
franchises, but we may do so for franchises purchased in the future, if we are waiving the initial franchise fee at that
time.
Note 7. Miscellaneous Expenses. You must pay the cost of all permits, licenses, registrations, certifications, utilities,
or other consents required for leasing, constructing, or operating your restaurant. The $50 non-refundable fee and any
additional costs associated with recording the lease that you pay to our affiliate are included in the total. You may have
to pay data use charges in connection with any wireless internet service and a transmission fee to transmit data from
your restaurant to our designated database. In addition to these expenses your municipality may assess impact fees on
your Subway® restaurant location. Impact fees are charges assessed by your municipality against new development
projects, such as your restaurant, in an attempt to recover the cost incurred by the municipality for providing the public
facilities required to serve the new development. Impact fees may vary among municipalities; however, we estimate
these fees to be between $5,000 and $25,000. These fees are non-refundable.
In accordance with Nevada state law, you will be required to use an architect licensed in the state of Nevada for the
preparation of site-specific drawings to be used in the new construction, alteration, and remodel of a Subway® restaurant
located in or contemplated in Nevada. If we do not designate your architect, the architect you use must be approved by
us and will be required to sign a non-disclosure agreement. You will be required to utilize the architect’s services for
the design and construction of your restaurant. The Store Design Department of FWH will have the right to approve or
disapprove any plans used in the construction of your restaurant. You will be solely responsible for all fees charged by
the architect. We estimate these fees to be between $1,500 and $3,000.
Note 8. Additional Funds. This is an estimate only of the range of initial start-up expenses for 3 months. These expenses
include payroll costs but do not include royalty, advertising fees, or food costs or any allowance for an owner’s draw.
The actual amount of additional funds you will need to operate for three months depends on a variety of factors,
49

