Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Approved Products and Services
You will purchase all required food, equipment, beverages, and other products or services typically used in Subway®
restaurants exclusively from an approved distribution center or another approved source, which could be us or our
affiliate, as we may designate. If there is not a designated distribution center or other approved source, you must purchase
or lease other food products, packaging materials, construction materials, equipment, items bearing the Subway®
trademark, and other products and materials required for the operation of your restaurant in accordance with our
specifications. We consider our criteria for approving suppliers to be a proprietary trade secret, and therefore we do not
make them available to franchisees.
You may order your food and beverage products, smallwares, and other supplies through an approved web-based portal,
where the list of approved suppliers and products available per Distribution Center is available. If there are cases where
approved products or services you use in your restaurant are no longer available at the Distribution Center, Subway will
coordinate for substitutions or provide waivers as needed, but franchisees are not allowed to independently source
products. We may withhold approval for a substitute supplier for a legitimate business purpose, including identification
of the system with one recognized brand, obtaining volume price benefits, or achieving uniform quality, procedures or
systems.
We may change our specifications and supplier designations as a result of experience or changes in the marketplace or
law. If you purchase a franchise for a school lunch location, you may have to modify the menu items with different
specifications in order to satisfy nutritional requirements.
Limited Time Offerings
Your choice of products and supplies, however, may be limited by the market in which you are located under the
Marketwide Option Program. You may be required to carry certain ingredients, products, packaging or smallwares for
LTO promotions, and to use the ingredients, products or packaging for these promotions until they are depleted at both
the restaurant and distributor. Ingredients, products, packaging and/or smallwares necessary for LTOs may be
automatically shipped to you one or more times throughout the duration of the LTO and you will be responsible for the
costs of the shipment(s). In limited circumstances, other required items may be automatically shipped with prior notice
to you when necessary to provide the item(s) to restaurants quickly and efficiently, and you will be responsible for the
cost of the item(s) as well as the shipment(s).
Approved Supplier and Product Criteria and Alternative Supplier Approval
We consider the manner in which we establish our standards and specifications, as well as our criteria for supplier
approval, to be confidential, and have no established policy to provide this information to franchisees or other
unapproved suppliers. The goal of establishing and approving a specification is to promote consistency across the
Subway® system, regardless of the supplier. All food product suppliers must successfully complete an application
process and may be required to submit product samples for examination and testing. Prospective equipment and supplies
vendors must meet or exceed our specifications for the equipment or supplies. Equipment and supplies vendors may
have to pay an application fee and submit samples. Standards and specifications for non-food products include minimum
requirements for weight, delivery, performance, warranties, design, and quality control. Approved suppliers are required
to pay any fees associated with any testing or auditing of their products, which may result in an upcharge on certain
products. Suppliers may also pay all or part of the costs to test new products. These costs include market research,
consumer interviews, the production of point-of-sale advertising materials and the production of television pieces.
Suppliers must successfully complete our application and approval process before start supplying any products across
the Subway® System. To request approval of a supplier, franchisees must submit the request in writing to our Food
Safety and Quality Department. We will advise you within a reasonable time whether the supplier is approved. The
amount of time it takes to receive approval from us may vary depending on the supplier, but generally ranges from two
52

