Franchisor have, including the right to approve the transfer and your transferees, and payment
of a transfer fee. You agree our right of first refusal under this Agreement to purchase the
Restaurant includes the right to purchase the Co-Brand Franchisor’s outlet you operate in
combination with the Restaurant.
vii. You understand and agree this Agreement and our Operations Manual, policies, and
procedures, will control and apply to the Subway restaurant portion and any common areas
of the Restaurant location, but will not apply to the portions of the location where you operate
the Co-Brand Franchisors’ outlet. Each Co-Brand Franchisor’s Franchise Agreement,
operations manual, policies, and procedures, will control and apply to its respective licensed
portion of the Restaurant location, but will not apply to the Subway restaurant portion of the
location. The common areas will be subject to ours, and each Co-Brand Franchisor’s
Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and procedures. You will comply with
the highest and most stringent duties and responsibilities governing the common areas if we
and the Co-Brand Franchisors have different requirements.
viii. You must permit each Co-Brand Franchisor to inspect the Subway® restaurant portion of the
premises and your books and records related to its operation, to the same extent you must
permit us to inspect the location and your books and records under this Agreement. You will
also grant us inspection rights relating to the to Co-Brand Franchisor’s outlet operating on the
premises and your books and records related to its operation, to the same extent you grant each
Co-Brand Franchisor inspection rights under its respective Franchise Agreement. You
acknowledge and agree we and the Co-Brand Franchisors may share information about you,
the location, and the businesses you operate, and may report compliance problems or your
other possible defaults to each other. You will report to us weekly your sales, inventory costs,
and other business information we request regarding the businesses you operate in
combination with the Restaurant under the Co-Brand Franchisors’ Franchise Agreements.
ix. You will name each Co-Brand Franchisor and its designated affiliates individually, as
additional insureds on the insurance coverage required under this Agreement, and provide
certificates of insurance to each additional insured. You will also name us, our Affiliates, our
BDs assigned to the Restaurant, and our agents, representatives, shareholders, directors,
officers and employees, and those of our Affiliates and the BD (the “Additional Insureds”),
individually, as additional insureds on the insurance coverage you maintain under the CoBrand Franchisors’ Franchise Agreements, and provide certificates of insurance to the
Additional Insureds. You will obtain and maintain the highest limits of coverage we or any
Co-Brand Franchisor requires under its respective Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual,
policies, and procedures, for the Restaurant and all of the retail outlets you operate in
combination with the Restaurant under the Co-Brand Franchisors’ Franchise Agreements.
x. You acknowledge and agree the right to operate the Co-Brand Franchisors’ concepts in
combination with the Restaurant is subject to your continued operation of the Restaurant. If
this Agreement terminates or expires, or you relocate the Restaurant, or for any other reason
you cease to operate the Restaurant at the location which is licensed under this Agreement,
you will also cease to operate any Co-Brand Franchisors’ concepts at the location. You
acknowledge you will have to satisfy the separate relocation procedures we and the Co-Brand
Franchisor have.
xi. You must review your Lease for the Restaurant location to make sure it allows you to offer
the Co-Brand Franchisors’ products. You also agree to review local regulations to make sure
they allow the sale of the Co-Brand Franchisors’ products at the location, and do not require
3

