or intentional or willful act or omission. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, SubSublandlord shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property resulting from
fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, dampness, gas, electricity, water, rain, snow, or leaks from
any part of the Premises or from the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from the roof, street
or subsurface or from any other place by any other cause whatsoever, unless resulting from its
own sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission. Sub-Sublandlord shall not
be liable for any such damage caused by other persons or occupants of adjacent property, or the
public, or caused by operations in construction of any private, public or quasi-public work. All
of the personal property or any other property of Sub-Subtenant kept or stored on the Premises
shall be kept or stored at the risk of Sub-Subtenant.
5

THE PREMISES
5.1

Use and Services. During the Term of this Sub-Sublease, Sub-Subtenant shall continuously
operate a SUBWAY® restaurant business in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. The
Premises shall not be used for any other purpose, except the parties agree that if Sub-Subtenant
has received the necessary approvals from Sub-Sublandlord, Sub-Subtenant may also operate on
the Premises (in addition to a SUBWAY® restaurant) a restaurant for an approved concept
franchised by a third party franchisor. If Sub-Subtenant is operating its SUBWAY® restaurant in
conjunction with an approved third party franchisor concept on the Premises, then Sub-Subtenant
agrees to comply with the terms and conditions contained in its franchise agreement and all other
agreements with the third party franchisor in addition to its obligations to comply with the
Franchise Agreement with DAL, and any failure by Sub-Subtenant to comply with its franchise
agreement with the third party franchisor shall also be a default hereunder. Sub-Sublandlord may
terminate this Sub-Sublease on ten (10) days’ written notice and Sub-Sublandlord may offer this
location to another franchisee if Sub-Subtenant fails to complete the build-out of the portion of
the Premises where the other approved concept will operate within forty-five (45) days after
taking occupancy of the Premises. Sub-Subtenant understands that the success, if any, of a
SUBWAY® restaurant operating in conjunction with another approved concept franchised by a
third party franchisor is the responsibility of Sub-Subtenant, and Sub-Subtenant also
acknowledges that representations of sales or earnings have not been made to them by the
employees or agents of the third party franchisor, as to this or any other location. If at any time
during the term of this Sub-Sublease, Sub-Subtenant’s franchise agreement with the third party
franchisor is terminated, Sub-Sublandlord may authorize Sub-Subtenant in writing to operate on
the Premises an approved concept franchised by another third party franchisor.

5.2

Repairs and Maintenance. Sub-Subtenant shall, at all times during the Term, at its own cost
and expense, put, keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and personal property located
on it in good order and condition, subject to reasonable wear and tear, and subject to all applicable
terms of this Article 5, shall make all necessary and desirable repairs, restorations and
replacements thereof, structural and nonstructural, foreseen or unforeseen (hereinafter
collectively called “Repairs”), and shall use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste, damage
and injury.
In the event that Sub-Subtenant fails or neglects to make all necessary Repairs or fulfill its other
obligations as set forth above, Sub-Sublandlord or its agents may enter the Premises for the
purpose of making such Repairs or fulfilling those obligations. All reasonable costs and expenses
incurred as a consequence of Sub-Sublandlord’s action shall be repaid by Sub-Subtenant to SubSublandlord within fifteen (15) days after Sub-Subtenant receives copies of receipts showing
payment by Sub-Sublandlord for such Repairs or other obligations. These receipts shall be prima
facie evidence of the payment of the charges paid by Sub-Sublandlord.
7

