Name

Type of Entity

Subway
Franchise
Systems of
Canada, ULC
(“SFSC”)

Canadian
unlimited
liability
corporation

Subway Systems
Australia Pty.
Ltd. (“SSA”)

Western
Australian
private company
limited by shares

Sandwich and
Salad Franchises
of South Africa
(Pty.) Ltd.
(“SSF”)
Subway IP LLC
(“SIP”)

South African
private company
limited by shares
Delaware limited
liability company

Principal
Business Address
c/o DLA Piper
Suite 2700
10220 103 Ave
NW
Edmonton,
Alberta
Canada T5J OK4
Level 9,
Transport House,
230 Brunswick
Street, Fortitude
Valley,
Queensland
4006, Australia
8 Eybers Street,
Farrarmere,
Benoni, 1501,
South Africa

Franchises Offered (and Services Provided, if
Applicable)
SFSC began franchising in 1987. SFSC offers and
sells franchises for Subway® restaurants in Canada,
leases equipment to Subway® franchisees in Canada,
and sometimes owns and operates Subway®
restaurants in Canada that had been previously
franchised.

1 Corporate Dr.,
Suite 1000,
Shelton, CT
06484

SIP began franchising in 2024. It sells franchises for
Subway® restaurants in El Salvador and Paraguay.

SSA began franchising in 1987. The company sells
franchises for Subway® restaurants in Australia.

SSF began franchising in 1997. It sells franchises for
Subway® restaurants in South Africa.

Franchise Systems Affiliated with Buyer and Roark
Through control with private equity funds managed by Roark, we are affiliated with the following franchise
programs (“Affiliated Programs”). None of these affiliates operate a Subway franchise.
GoTo Foods Inc. (“GoTo Foods”) is the indirect parent company to seven franchisors, including: Auntie Anne’s
Franchisor SPV LLC (“Auntie Anne’s”), Carvel Franchisor SPV LLC (“Carvel”), Cinnabon Franchisor SPV LLC
(“Cinnabon”), Jamba Juice Franchisor SPV LLC (“Jamba”), McAlister’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“McAlister’s”),
Moe’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Moe’s”), and Schlotzsky’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Schlotzsky’s”). All seven GoTo
Foods franchisors have a principal place of business at 5620 Glenridge Drive NE, Atlanta, GA 30342 and have not
offered franchises in any other line of business.
Auntie Anne’s franchises Auntie Anne’s® shops that offer soft pretzels, lemonade, frozen drinks, and related
foods and beverages. In November 2010, the Auntie Anne’s system became affiliated with GoTo Foods through an
acquisition. Auntie Anne’s predecessor began offering franchises in January 1991. As of December 31, 2024, there
were 1,182 franchised and 11 affiliate-owned Auntie Anne’s shops in the United States and 815 franchised Auntie
Anne’s shops outside the United States.
Carvel franchises Carvel® ice cream shoppes and is a leading retailer of branded ice cream cakes in the United
States and a producer of premium soft-serve ice cream. The Carvel system became an Affiliated Program in October
2001 and became affiliated with GoTo Foods in November 2004. Carvel’s predecessor began franchising retail ice
cream shoppes in 1947. As of December 31, 2024, there were 336 franchised Carvel shoppes in the United States
and 39 franchised Carvel shoppes outside the United States.
Cinnabon franchises Cinnabon® bakeries that feature oven-hot cinnamon rolls, as well as other baked treats and
specialty beverages. It also licenses independent third parties to operate domestic and international franchised
Cinnabon® bakeries and Seattle’s Best Coffee® franchises on military bases in the United States and in certain
international countries, and to use the Cinnabon trademarks on products dissimilar to those offered in Cinnabon
bakeries. In November 2004, the Cinnabon system became affiliated with GoTo Foods through an acquisition.
4

