i.

Section 19.A does not apply to a Restaurant we designate as a non-traditional location. During the
term of this Agreement, the following applies to non-traditional locations operated by you or your
parent, subsidiaries, or Affiliates: You agree other areas of the Facility you or your Affiliates
control will not contain a Competitive Business. You will not operate a Competitive Business
except as we permit in this paragraph. You will give us the first opportunity to approve for a
Subway® Restaurant location any site in which you want to operate a Competitive Business. You
may only operate a Competitive Business if we have, in writing, denied you approval to operate a
Subway® Restaurant at the proposed site. You will send a written request for approval of all
proposed Competitive Business unit sites to our Development Team Department. We will respond
within sixty (60) days, either approving or disapproving a location. For each unauthorized
Association with a Competitive Business (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall include
a Competitive Business operating in the Facility), the provisions of Section 19.D shall apply.

ii. Section 19.C does not apply to a Restaurant we designate as a non-traditional location. For 1 year
after termination, expiration or transfer of this Agreement, or if you cease operation of the
Restaurant, you will not Associate with a Competitive Business (which, for the purposes of this
paragraph, shall include permitting a Competitive Business to operate at the Facility) at the Facility.
For each unauthorized Association with a Competitive Business the provisions of Section 19.D
shall apply. The provisions of this Subsection F.ii will not release you from any covenant not to
compete contained in any other Franchise Agreement you have with us. However, if you are a
Qualified FSP, you may only operate or permit to be operated a Competitive Business at the Facility
if specifically requested by your client.
iii. Nothing in this Subsection or any other provision of this Agreement grants you any territorial or
other exclusive rights. We and our Affiliates have unlimited rights to compete with you.
iv. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 15 is not amended by this Section E.
G.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 13, if you are a Qualified FSP, you will pay by
check all monies (Royalty Fee, Advertising Contributions, and other charges you owe for all Subway®
restaurants you operate) due for that period by the second Friday following the end of the period, (the
“Payment”). The Payment will be sent to our Collections Department along with a report showing the
breakdown by week and how the Payment is to be allocated. In the event that electronic check
processing is available you authorize us to process your check electronically if we choose. Additionally,
in the event that we decide to accept the Payment via electronic fund transfer, upon thirty (30) days
written notice of the change, you agree to make the Payment to the account that we direct.

H.

If you checked (4) above, your Franchise Fee is reduced to $0.

I.

We may, without cause and for any reason, within thirty (30) days after the Agreement Date, cancel
this Agreement and refund the Franchise Fee to you. After refunding the Franchise Fee to you, we will
not have any further obligation to you, and all rights granted to you under this Agreement will
immediately revert to us.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

4
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

