a. You will limit access to the Software to your employees who both need to access the Software
for purposes of their work for you at a Restaurant and have entered into an agreement with you
that contains appropriate confidentiality obligations. Further, the Software access you provide to
any given employee must be appropriate with respect to that individual’s responsibilities at the
applicable Restaurant. You are responsible for all access to and use of the Software by those
persons whom you permit to access or use the Software, including your employees. You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any usernames, passwords, and other log-in
credentials used to access or use the Software. You must promptly notify Franchisor of any
unauthorized access to or use of the Software of which you become aware, including, but not
limited to any unauthorized disclosure or use of your or any employee’s log-in credentials.
b. You are responsible for setting up, maintaining, and operating your computers, other devices and
hardware, operating systems, information technology infrastructure, databases, internet access,
and wireless networks, as well as software not provided by Franchisor, as necessary to access
and use the Software. You are responsible for, and will obtain and maintain in effect, all
permissions, consents, and authorizations that are required by applicable law for you to provide
data or other information through the Software or to the Franchisor Parties.
10. USE RESTRICTIONS. You will NOT, and you will NOT allow, directly or indirectly, any person or third
party to:
a. make any use of or disclose the Software in any manner that is not expressly permitted under
this Agreement;
b. reverse-engineer, reconfigure, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to discern the source code or
interface protocols of or discover the underlying ideas behind the Software except as may be
expressly allowed by applicable law to ensure interoperability (for clarity, you have no right to or
interest in the source code of any Software);
c. modify, translate, enhance, adapt, create derivative works from the Software, or combine the
Software with any other software, computer code, or materials;
d. rent, resell, distribute, or sublicense the Software, or otherwise allow directly or indirectly any
person or entity to use or access the Software other than your employees that require access to
use the Software on behalf of you in a manner permitted by this Agreement;
e. copy, reproduce, display, publish, disclose, re-manufacture, or in any way duplicate or distribute
all or any part of the Software except as may be expressly permitted by this Agreement;
f. remove, obscure, or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends, notices, or markings
placed on or within the Software;
g. disclose, provide, or otherwise distribute or make available any trade secret contained within or
embodied by the Software;
h. use the Software in violation of any applicable law or regulation or for unlawful purposes;
i. defeat, compromise, circumvent, de-activate, or disable any security features of the Software or
any security controls (including, but not limited to, access controls and password controls) or
attempt to do or to allow any of the foregoing;
j. use the Software in conjunction with any device or service designed to circumvent technological
measures employed to control access to, or the rights in, a content file or other work protected
by the copyright laws of any jurisdiction;
Page 3 of 22

