Name of Co-Brand Franchisor(s)

Products

ii. We, you, and the Co-brand Franchisor will cooperate in good faith to accommodate the
different requirements of our Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, policies, and
procedures, with those of the Co-Brand Franchisors’, to permit the efficient and harmonious
operation of the multiple concepts within the same premises. Requirements may be different
in the areas of store design, hours of operation, signs, cash registers, and operational
procedures, for example.
iii. You will owe the Co-Brand Franchisor the fees it requires under its franchise agreement with
you. You will pay these fees directly to the Co-Brand Franchisor or its designee. The CoBrand Franchisor may also designate us as its collection agent and we may withdraw these
fees from your preauthorized account with us. You acknowledge we will collect royalties for
TCBY Systems, Inc. and royalties and advertising fees for mamma ilardo’s Corporation. You
agree we may take action against you to collect amounts you owe the Co-Brand Franchisor in
our own name or in the Co-Brand Franchisor’s name.
iv. You acknowledge the Co-Brand Franchisor may pay us all or a portion of the royalty, service,
or franchise fees you pay under your direct franchise agreement with the Co-Brand Franchisor.
v. You will pay us the continuing fee applicable to your Co-Brand Franchisor(s), if any, weekly,
at the respective rate(s) listed below, on the gross sales from the outlet(s) you operate in
combination with the Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement(s) with your Co-Brand
Franchisor(s).
Continuing Fee Payable to Us On Gross
Sales from the Co-Brand Franchisor’s Outlet

Co-Brand Franchisor

Any continuing fee is in addition to the fees you owe the Co-Brand Franchisor under its
franchise agreement, and the Royalty Fees and Advertising Contributions you owe us under
the Franchise Agreement relating to the Subway® restaurant portion of the premises. You will
also pay any sales tax (including gross receipts tax) due on the continuing fees. The terms of
this Agreement relating to the timing and method of reporting the Restaurant’s Gross Sales to
us, paying us Royalty Fee, the consequences for underreporting, and our audit and collection
rights, will also apply to gross sales from the Co-Brand Franchisor’s outlet and any continuing
fees, as applicable.
vi. You understand and agree the persons signing this Agreement as franchisee must at all times
be identical with the names of the individuals on the franchise agreement with the Co-Brand
Franchisor. You will not transfer or assign any interest in this Agreement or in the Restaurant
unless you simultaneously transfer to the same persons your same interest in your franchise
agreement with the Co-Brand Franchisor and the Co-Brand Franchisor’s outlet. You
acknowledge you will have to satisfy the separate transfer procedures we and the Co-Brand

2

