Franchise
EXHIBIT A-5
AUNTIE ANNE’S® RIDER
This AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider dated
amends and supplements the Franchise
Agreement dated
(the "Franchise Agreement") between Doctor’s
Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“we” or “us”), and
(“you”). The Franchise Agreement, as amended
®
by this AUNTIE ANNE’S Co-Brand Location Rider, will be called this "Agreement". Capitalized terms
used in this AUNTIE ANNE’S® Co-Brand Location Rider that are defined in the Franchise Agreement will
have the meanings given to them in the Franchise Agreement.
RECITALS:
R.1. Auntie Anne’s, Inc. is the owner of a proprietary system for establishing and operating stores featuring a
variety of products featuring pretzels under the trade name and service mark AUNTIE ANNE’S.
R.2. Pursuant to a Co-Branding Agreement dated April 24, 2013, we and Auntie Anne’s, Inc. agreed to establish
co-branded units in which AUNTIE ANNE’S® franchised locations would be established in new and
existing Subway® restaurants located in Walmart® stores and other select non-traditional Subway® locations
(the “Co-Brand Agreement”).
R.3. You want to establish a AUNTIE ANNE’S store in combination with your Subway® restaurant, and we
have granted consent, provided you sign a franchise agreement directly with Auntie Anne’s, Inc. (the “CoBranded Location”).
R.4. You understand and agree you will have obligations to Auntie Anne’s, Inc. separate from your obligations
to us, and they will have separate obligations to you, which are not our obligations to you or guaranteed to
you by us.
R.5. You understand and agree there is risk. You understand we have little experience establishing the AUNTIE
ANNE’S® concept in combination with Subway® restaurants, and we do not know how co-branding with
an AUNTIE ANNE’S® will affect the Restaurant or your operations.
R.6. The individuals signing this Agreement as franchisee must be identical at all times to the individuals who
sign a franchise agreement with Auntie Anne’s, Inc. (the “AA Franchise Agreement”).
R.7. The Franchise Agreement must be in our current form as the date of this Rider. If you have an older version
of our Franchise Agreement, you will amend your Franchise Agreement by signing a new Franchise
Agreement.
R.8. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Rider and any other rider you sign with us in
conjunction with this Rider, the terms of this Rider shall prevail.
AGREEMENT:
Acknowledging the above recitals, which are deemed to be a part of the Franchise Agreement and
are added to the Recitals in the Franchise Agreement, the parties amend and supplement the Franchise
Agreement as follows:
I.

You represent that you have reviewed your master lease or sublease for your Restaurant to determine if it
is permissible for you to operate the Restaurant in conjunction with an AUNTIE ANNE’S® store.

1

