Regulations shall include, but not be limited to, alterations and/or additions to the Premises if
required under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
5.8

Damage or Destruction. If, during the Term, the Premises or the personal property or fixtures
on it are destroyed or damaged in whole or in part by fire or other cause, Subtenant shall give
Sublandlord immediate notice, and Subtenant, at its own cost and expense, shall cause the prompt
repair, replacement and rebuilding of same (“Restoration”), subject to Section 5.2 and Section
5.3 of this Sublease. The restored building, personal property or fixtures shall reflect the then
current image of the Subway® brand. Sublandlord shall in no event be called upon to repair,
replace or rebuild any such buildings, fixtures or personal property, nor to pay any of the costs
or expenses thereof beyond or in excess of any insurance proceeds, as provided in this Sublease.

5.9

Disclaimer. The taking of possession of the Premises by Subtenant shall be conclusive evidence
that Subtenant has accepted the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or patent defects.
Subtenant acknowledges that Subtenant is relying on its own independent inspection.

5.10 Contracts. Subtenant shall not without Sublandlord’s written consent enter into any service
contract or agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the occupants
of it unless such contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more than thirty
(30) days’ notice or shall expressly provide that it shall not become binding on Sublandlord in
the event that this Sublease is terminated or expires. Subtenant shall furnish Sublandlord with
copies of all service contracts or agreements affecting the Premises that are now in existence or
that are subsequently entered into.
6

TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES
6.1

7

Payment.
6.1.1

In the event Sublandlord elects, at its sole option, to pay the taxes, assessments, charges
for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental
impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (“Charges”) that are payable
in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises, Subtenant
shall reimburse Sublandlord within thirty (30) days after Subtenant receives an invoice
for the payment of such Charges.

6.1.2

In the event Sublandlord elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding
paragraph, Subtenant shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may be made
without penalty or interest, all Charges that may be assessed, imposed, or become due
and payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises
or the fixtures or personal property on it, or any Charges that may be imposed in lieu of,
or as a substitution for, any such Charges. At any time after the time for payment of each
Charge, upon Sublandlord’s request, Subtenant shall exhibit to Sublandlord satisfactory
evidence of payment. All Charges assessed or imposed for the fiscal periods in which
the Term of this Sublease commences and terminates shall be apportioned.

INDEMNIFICATION
7.1

Subtenant shall indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably acceptable to Sublandlord and save
Sublandlord and its affiliates, and the shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and agents of
Sublandlord and its affiliates, harmless from and against all costs, expenses, liabilities, losses,
damages, injunctions, suits, actions, fines, penalties, claims and demands of every kind or nature,
9

04/25 amended 12/25

