Approved Lease must contain a Franchisor Lease Rider in the form that we require, and it is your sole
responsibility to obtain it and deliver a counterpart to us. The Franchisor Lease Rider is intended to provide
us with certain protections under the Approved Lease and may not benefit you or your landlord. If you or
the landlord requests that we consider any modifications to the Franchisor Lease Rider, and we elect to do
so, we may also require you to reimburse us for all expenses we incur (including reasonable attorneys’ fees)
in connection with such review. We may also reject any request for modifications to the Franchisor Lease
Rider for any reason.
I.
You must pay to us a Restaurant Design charge, related to remodeling or relocation of your
Restaurant, as follows: (1) for remodels: currently, $1,000 for 1 original floor plan plus one revision floor
plan and $250 for each additional revision floor plan; (2) for new Restaurants and relocations: $1,000 for 1
original floor plan plus 2 revision floor plans, and $250 for additional revision floor plan. For remodels, the
$1,000 charge is waived if the remodel is completed within 6 months from the date the last floor plan was
provided. Additional revision charges will not be waived under any circumstance. For new Restaurants and
relocations, the $1,000 charge is waived if the buildout is completed within 12 months from the date the
last floor plan was provided. Additional revision charges will not be waived under any circumstance.
Nothing in this paragraph is intended to modify your requirement to otherwise timely complete the
construction and/or relocation of your Restaurant, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement, and
failure to perform in accordance with such requirements is a material breach of this Agreement. We may
increase this charge from time to time.
5.

Equipment, Fixtures, Furniture and Signs.

A.
We shall provide you with specifications for brands and types of food and beverage
preparation, dispensing, storage and display equipment, POS System, other equipment, fixtures, furniture,
exterior and interior signs and decoration required for the Restaurant. Specifications may include minimum
standards for performance, warranties, design and appearance and local zoning, sign and other restrictions.
You may purchase or lease original and replacement equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs and decorating
materials and services meeting such specifications from any source, except as we provide otherwise in this
Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual, published policies, procedures or guidelines or other
written materials we may issue from time to time. If you propose to purchase or lease any item of equipment
or furniture or any fixture, sign or decorating materials not theretofore approved by us as meeting our
specifications, you shall submit your request in writing to us before purchasing or leasing any item and
such item shall be purchased only following our written consent approving same. We will not be obligated
to respond to your request, and any actions we take in response to such request will be at our sole discretion.
Any such equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs and decorating materials bearing the name Subway® or other
Marks will remain Subway US IP Holder’s property even though you may have paid a third party to make
the equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs or decorating materials. We have the right to physically remove
any such equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs or decorating materials from the Premises if we believe it is
necessary to protect the goodwill associated with the Marks.
B.
You shall comply with all specifications for brands and types of food and beverage
preparation, dispensing, storage and display equipment, POS System, other equipment, fixtures, furniture,
exterior and interior signs and decoration for use in the Restaurant that we require from time to time.
6.

Training and Operational Assistance.

A.
Before the Restaurant opens, we will train you (or your Designated Manager(s), as that
term is defined in Section 10.J) on establishing and independently operating a Subway® Restaurant. The
training program will be at a location we choose and may include web-based courses.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

5

