We are currently in the process of assessing costs to build out a non-traditional location and a freestanding location with
a drive thru in accordance with the Fresh Forward 2.0 décor, but as we are in the initial stages of this process, costs
cannot be estimated at this time. We anticipate that the costs to build out a non-traditional location will be higher than
those indicated in the chart above in this Item 7 but lower than the additional costs incurred in connection with the buildout of a traditional location in accordance with the Fresh Forward 2.0 décor. The costs to build out a free-standing
location with a drive thru may be substantially higher than those indicated in the chart for a traditional location. We
exclusively reserve the right to modify any element of the Subway® restaurant décor and equipment package.
Note 4. Equipment, Furniture, and Décor. You must use an approved POS System in all of your new and existing
restaurants, including satellite restaurants. We may waive this requirement in limited circumstances on a case-by-case
basis. We have negotiated with Hewlett Packard (“HP”) and you are required to participate in the hardware-as-a-service
component of the RTaaS program to obtain the POS System from HP. Under the RTaaS program, we may act as
collection agents for HP and collect fees you owe through your pre-authorized account. We estimate the cost to obtain
the POS System under the base package of the RTaaS program to be approximately $57 per month, exclusive of tax and
shipping charges. Additional hardware and services may be added to this base package as the program evolves and/or
the technology needs of the brand expand, which may result in additional costs. Additional packages at varying monthly
rates may also be offered in the future. This amount does not include the cost of the card reader or barcode reader. The
required payment terminal costs are also not included, and will vary; the P400 payment terminal is $237.70 (assuming
you purchase it outright) and the SVS issued/configured terminal for certain non-traditional locations processing gift
card transactions only is $320. The barcode reader is an additional $170 or $180 if your restaurant has a drive thru.
This estimate includes the cost of your initial supply of menu board translites. You must purchase your initial supply of
menu board translites from us or SFAFT, unless we designate otherwise. The estimated cost for menu board translites
is $125. You must also buy decals and replacement menu board translites from us or SFAFT, and certain operational
items from the supplier we designate. The estimated cost is less than $600 and is non-refundable.
You have the option to purchase digital menu boards typically consisting of four television screens, media players,
HDMI cables, and menu content management services from us, an affiliate or a designated supplier. The estimated cost
to purchase and install the digital menu boards are $8,000 to $14,000; however, this estimate is not included in the table
above because we anticipate that most franchisees who choose to use digital menu boards will opt to lease them through
our approved supplier’s Hardware-as-a-Service program, currently $155 per month. Ongoing licensing fees and support
fees may apply. In the future, we may require you to purchase digital menu boards.
Note 5. Insurance. You must purchase the insurance we specify for each of your restaurants, which includes statutory
Workers’ Compensation and Employers Liability, General Liability insurance, including products liability and
completed operations coverage in the minimum amount of $2,000,000 per occurrence/$4,000,000 general aggregate, on
a per location basis, and Auto Liability insurance, including owned, non-owned and hired vehicle coverage, in the
minimum amount of $1,000,000. You must also purchase the insurance required by the Master Lease and state law. In
addition to the foregoing requirements, if you are permitted to sell alcohol at your restaurant, you must carry liquor
liability insurance in the minimum amount of $1,000,000 per location. Your insurance coverage must be primary and
non-contributory, and you must name us, our affiliates, Subway US IP Holder, the Business Developer, our agents,
representatives, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and those of our affiliates and the Business Developer, the
tenant corporation named in your Sublease or Sublicense and your landlord as additional insureds unless otherwise
directed. You must provide us with a copy of your Certificate of Insurance when you return your signed Sublease or
Sublicense or finalize your Lease or License. Your insurance carrier must agree to give us prior written notice of
termination, expiration, material modification, or cancellation of your policy, or cancellation of us or any of the other
entities or individuals in the preceding sentence as an additional insured. We may change or increase your insurance
requirements due to changes in experience, and you must comply with the new requirements. You must defend and
indemnify us, our affiliates, Subway US IP Holder, SFAFT, the Business Developer, our agents, representatives,
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and those of our affiliates and the Business Developer against any claims
that arise in or in connection with the operation of your restaurant or , against any claim for which we and/or our affiliates
have to indemnify the Master Landlord under the master lease for your restaurant, regardless of cause or any fault or
negligence.
48

