to the operation of Subway® restaurants, including the SubwayPOS® software, were transferred from SIP and FWH
Technologies, LLC (“FWHT”) (as applicable) to our newly-formed affiliate, Subway US IP Holder LLC (“Subway US
IP Holder”). Subway US IP Holder simultaneously entered into a license agreement with us for the use and sublicense
of the trademarks and applicable intellectual property rights used by us and our franchisees in the United States.
At the time of the closing of the US Securitization Transaction, pursuant to a management agreement (the “Management
Agreement,” as further described below) between us and Franchise World Headquarters, LLC (“FWH” or the
“Manager”), FWH became a manager of ours. In the Management Agreement, FWH agreed to provide, and we agreed
to accept from FWH, certain support and services to us, our affiliates and Subway® franchisees under their franchise
agreements and development agreements, including acting as our franchise sales agent. Under the Management
Agreement, the Manager may perform such support and services directly or delegate such support and services to submanagers that the Manager appoints in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement (each, a “SubManager” and, together with the Manager, collectively, the “Managers”). However, as the franchisor, we will be directly
responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all services we promise to perform under a Franchise Agreement,
Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement, Development Agreement, or other agreement you may sign with us are performed in
compliance with the applicable agreement, regardless of who performs these services on our behalf. UPL and its
subsidiaries may engage in other secured financing transactions in the future without notice to you.
Affiliates
We are affiliated with the following companies that provide goods, services, or both, to us, our franchisees, our affiliates,
or our affiliates’ franchisees. All share the same principal business address of 1 Corporate Dr., Suite 1000, Shelton, CT
06484.
Name
Subway US IP
Holder

Subway
Franchisee
Advertising Fund
Trust Ltd.
(“SFAFT”)
Subway
Franchisee
Advertising Fund
Trust BV
(“SFAFT BV”)
FWH

Subway MyWay,
LLC (“Subway
MyWay”)

Products and/or Services Provided
Subway US IP Holder is the owner and licensor of the Subway® trademark, and all recipes,
formulas, food preparation procedures, business methods, business forms, and business policies
(the “System”). Subway US IP Holder licenses the System to us to develop Subway®
restaurants in the United States and its territories. In addition, Subway US IP Holder is the
owner of SubwayPOS®, the point of sale computer based software required for use in Subway®
restaurants. Subway US IP Holder granted us the right to license the SubwayPOS® software to
you through a license agreement.
SFAFT provides advertising services to Subway® franchisees, administers the advertising
contributions paid by franchisees in the United States and its territories, and interacts with local
advertising fund entities around the world that are associated with the Subway® brand.

SFAFT BV provides advertising services to Subway® franchisees in U.S. Virgin Islands, and
otherwise operates, is administered, and is governed, in substantially the same manner as
SFAFT.
Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Managers (including FWH), provide services to
us, our franchisees, our affiliated franchisors and their franchisees, including processing
franchise sales paperwork, research and development, marketing franchises, franchisee
training, retail technology, POS System support, restaurant design, legal and accounting
services. The Managers (including FWH) also provide services to our affiliate leasing entities
and Subway® franchisees around the world, including negotiating, administering, and renewing
leases/licenses for restaurant premises.
Subway MyWay administers the Sub Club loyalty program, and the funds associated with the
program.

2

