related U.S. Treasury and other regulations. You confirm that you and your owners, officers and directors
are not listed on the Annex to Executive Order 13224 (or any subsequent or related order) and you agree
not to hire any person so listed or have any dealing with a person so listed (the Annex is currently available
at www.treasury.gov). You are solely responsible for ascertaining the actions that must be taken to comply
with such laws, orders and/or regulations.
O.
You must implement all administrative, physical and technical safeguards necessary to
protect any information that can be used to identify an individual, including without limitation names,
addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, employee identification numbers, signatures, passwords,
financial information, credit card information, biometric or health data, government-issued identification
numbers and credit report information (“Personal Information”) in accordance with applicable laws and
industry best practices. Without limiting the foregoing, you must comply with the Payment Card Industry
Data Security Standard (commonly known as “PCI Compliance” or “PCI-DSS”), and any successor
thereto. It is entirely your responsibility (even if we provide you any assistance or guidance in that regard)
to confirm that the safeguards you use to protect Personal Information comply with all applicable laws and
industry best practices related to the collection, access, use, storage, disposal and disclosure of Personal
Information. If you become aware of a suspected or actual breach of security or unauthorized access
involving Personal Information, you will notify us immediately and specify the extent to which Personal
Information was compromised or disclosed.
P.
You acknowledge and agree that the foregoing standards of quality and performance are
reasonable and necessary to preserve the identity, reputation, value and goodwill of the System. In the event
that any cash rebates, mark ups, volume discounts, concessions, advertising allowances, or discount
bonuses (collectively “Rebates”), whether by way of cash, kind or credit, are available to or received by us
and/or our affiliates from any third party, whether or not on account of purchases made (i) by us for our
own account or for your account, or franchisees generally; or (ii) by you directly for your own account, we
and/or our affiliates shall be entitled to retain the whole of the amount or any part of such Rebates. You
acknowledge and agree that we and/or our affiliates have the right to realize a profit on any goods or services
that we and/or our affiliates supply to you.
11.

Delivery Services.

A.
You must provide delivery services in compliance with the Confidential Operations
Manual and as we otherwise specify in writing from time to time. We may authorize you to provide delivery
services directly to end user customers, through approved third-party delivery service providers (each a
“Third-Party Delivery Provider”) or through such other delivery methods as we approve in advance in
writing.
B.
You will not receive any exclusive or protected delivery area around your Restaurant for
engaging in delivery or sale for delivery of sandwiches and other food products (“Delivery Activities”).
We may establish from time to time geographic areas within which you may perform Delivery Activities
(your “Delivery Area”). We may restrict where you may engage in Delivery Activities, and we may
designate one or more Third-Party Delivery Providers as the sole or designated Third-Party Delivery
Provider(s) and require you to contract with and comply with your agreements with them. We may require
you to direct customers for Delivery Services outside of your Delivery Area to other Subway® Restaurants
or decline to sell sandwiches and other food products to them. We may permit Third-Party Delivery
Providers to direct and allocate Delivery Activities among delivery service areas they or we may designate.
Because of the evolving nature of the food to-go and delivery service sector, these standards and policies
for Delivery Activities may change and evolve at any time. We will not be liable for any reduction in your
sales or profits as a result of these Delivery Activities or for engaging in Delivery Activities.
C.
You must comply with all laws at all times in offering Delivery Activities, including, but
not limited to, obtaining and maintaining all required permits, licenses, consents and waivers required by

