the insurers or, at the option of Sublandlord, by an appraiser, architect or contractor who
is mutually and reasonably acceptable to Sublandlord and Subtenant, and whom shall be
retained and paid by Subtenant.
4.1.2

Provide and keep in force comprehensive or commercial general liability insurance
against claims for bodily injury, death or property damage occurring on, in or about the
Premises, in limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, not less
than $500,000 per occurrence for property damage, or in such other amounts as
Sublandlord may reasonably request. The policy shall name Sublandlord as an additional
insured.

4.1.3

Keep in force business interruption insurance that covers the then current Rent and the
annual premiums for insurance required by this Article.

4.1.4

If requested by Sublandlord, provide and keep in force insurance for such other insurable
hazards in such amounts as similarly situated Premises are then commonly insured.

4.2

Policies. All insurance required by Sublandlord and provided by Subtenant shall be carried in
favor of Sublandlord and Subtenant, as their respective interests may appear, the Master
Landlord, and any underlying fee owner, affiliate corporation, trustee, mortgagee or other person
designated by Sublandlord or as required under the Master Lease. All insurance shall be obtained
from companies licensed to do business in the state in which the Premises are located and which
have a rating by Bests Rating Guide of at least “A”. Subtenant shall procure policies for all
insurance for periods of not less than one (1) year and shall deliver to Sublandlord all policies or
certificates of insurance with evidence of payment of all premiums. Subtenant shall procure
renewals of these policies from time to time before their respective expiration dates. All insurance
policies shall be non-assessable and shall require thirty (30) days’ written notice to Sublandlord
of any cancellation or change affecting Sublandlord’s coverage under the policies. All property
damage and business interruption policies of Subtenant shall contain a waiver of any subrogation
rights which Subtenant’s insurers may have against Sublandlord, even if the loss suffered is
caused by the act, omission or negligence of Sublandlord.

4.3

Adjusting; Proceeds. Claims for loss due to damage to the Premises under any policies provided
for in this Sublease shall be adjusted with the insurance companies:

4.4

4.3.1

by Subtenant in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or destruction not
exceeding $10,000, or

4.3.2

by Sublandlord and Subtenant, in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage
or destruction exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the rights of Master
Landlord and any mortgagee, the proceeds of any insurance shall be payable as follows:
4.3.2.1

With respect to any loss not exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, proceeds shall
be paid to Subtenant, who shall hold them in trust for the purpose of paying
the costs of repair and restoration; and

4.3.2.2

With respect to losses exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, the proceeds may,
at Sublandlord’s option, be paid to Sublandlord or its designee and shall be
applied to pay the costs of repair and restoration as directed by Sublandlord.

Joint Efforts. Subtenant and Sublandlord shall cooperate in attempts to collect any insurance
proceeds that may be due in the event of loss, and Subtenant shall execute and deliver to
5

04/25 amended 12/25

