You may hold over at the end of the term of the Sublease only with the written consent of our affiliate. During such hold
over tenancy your rent will increase to an amount equal to 200% of the rent amount that existed immediately prior to
the expiration date of the Sublease. See Sublease Section 2.3.
Our leasing affiliate may earn a profit if you use a portion of the leased or licensed premises for any business other than
a Subway® restaurant. We and our affiliated leasing companies have an interest in compensation which often may
include, but is not limited to, lost royalties, loss of market penetration, extended down time and other factors associated
with the termination of a lease. We or our affiliate may also keep all or a portion of any landlord or government payment
for early termination of the lease. See Items 5 and 8 and Exhibits D and D-1. Our affiliate may assess late payment
fees and other costs arising from the administration of the lease. Our affiliate has the same rights as the landlord on
default to charge you for certain fees, to carry out repairs and to recover costs. You are responsible for all costs associated
with making alterations to the premises to conform to our then current image of the Subway® brand. In connection with
any such alterations exceeding $20,000, our affiliate may require you to obtain a surety bond in the amount equal to the
estimated cost of the alterations. You will be responsible for any costs associated with obtaining the surety bond.
Each of your owners will sign and deliver to our affiliate a guarantee of the payment obligations under the Sublease.
The landlord may also require you to personally guarantee the lease or license.
The landlord may require a right of first refusal if you want to transfer your restaurant. The master lease may contain a
right of first refusal to purchase the property in which your restaurant operates. Our affiliate will not include with your
Sublease the ability to exercise this right to purchase the property. In the event your landlord elects to sell the property,
any right of first refusal to purchase the property shall remain with our affiliate. Our affiliate may assign its right of first
refusal to an assignee of its choosing, which may be an affiliate or your Business Developer. In the event our affiliate
or its assignee exercises its right of first refusal and purchases the property where your restaurant is located, our affiliate
or its assignee will become your landlord.
The individuals who sign the Franchise Agreement must also sign the Sublease and are personally liable for payments
under the Sublease. If you default under the provisions of the master lease or license, our affiliate may terminate the
Sublease on 10 days’ written notice, and you must surrender and leave the premises. See Sublease, Sections 1 and 5
and Sublicense Paragraph 4. A default under the Sublease or Sublicense is a default under your Franchise Agreement
(Franchise Agreement Section 22) and we may terminate your Franchise Agreement. Conversely, a default under your
Franchise Agreement will be a default under your Sublease or Sublicense (as applicable). See Sublease, Section 8 and
Sublicense Paragraph 4. In such case, our affiliate may evict you if you do not leave. Any action to enforce our affiliate’s
rights against you under the Sublease is not considered an arbitrable dispute under the Franchise Agreement, and is not
subject to arbitration required under the Franchise Agreement. See Franchise Agreement, Section 24. Under the
Sublicense, you and our affiliate waive trial by jury. See Sublicense, Paragraph 4. You will remain liable for payment
of the balance of the rent or license fee due under the master lease or license, and you will be liable for attorneys’ fees,
other legal and court costs that our affiliate may incur in enforcing the Sublease or Sublicense. See Sublease, Section 8
and Sublicense, Paragraph 4. Our affiliate may charge you interest on all past due amounts at the rate provided in the
Sublease, or in the master license if you sign the Sublicense. See Sublease, Section 3 and Sublicense Paragraph 4.
Note 3. The promissory note and security agreement permits us to declare the entire balance of the note due if you
default. The promissory note and security agreement you execute will be substantially similar to Exhibit K-1. We may
collect our reasonable costs of collection and lawyers’ fees, calculated as 15% of the unpaid loan balance. A default
under a note will also be a default under your Franchise Agreement and we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.
See Promissory Note and Security Agreement, Paragraph 10 and Franchise Agreement, Section 22. You may prepay
the note without penalty. You must pay the note in full if you wish to transfer your restaurant. See Franchise Agreement
Section 18. The note includes a general release of claims and grants to us a security interest which will be at our
discretion to determine and may be limited to the equipment or as much as all assets. You must execute pre-authorized
draft forms for your note payments.
Note 4. We may lend money to franchisees in connection with a Subway® restaurant. The terms and purposes of these
loans are negotiable and you will sign a promissory note and security agreement in the form of Exhibit K-1 and described
in Note 3 above. In addition, we may guarantee a commercial loan with a third-party lender for a franchisee in
62

