Doctor’s Associates LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)

Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(dollars in thousands)
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of cash, cash equivalents and receivables. The Company considers all cash investments
available with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company’s
cash and cash equivalents are placed with several large financial institutions. Management
believes that this investment policy limits the Company’s exposure to credit risk. Cash balances, at
times, exceed federally insured limits.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
Certain cash accounts have been established pursuant to the issuance of the securitized notes, by
SPV Holdco, for the benefit of the Trustee and the noteholders and are restricted in their use.
Balances in the accounts primarily represent cash and cash equivalents for interest, principal and
commitment fee reserves related to the securitized notes.
Accounts Receivable, net
Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company
maintains allowances for credit losses associated with its accounts receivable for estimated losses
resulting from the inability of some of its franchisees to make required payments. Concentration of
credit risk with respect to receivables is limited due to the large number of franchisees in
the Company’s customer base and their geographic dispersion. Management considers the
following factors when estimating expected credit losses: franchisee creditworthiness, past
transaction history with the franchisee, and current economic industry trends. If the financial
conditions of the Company’s franchisees were to deteriorate, adversely affecting their ability to
make payments, additional allowances would be required. Generally, the Company does not
require collateral to support accounts receivable.
Intangibles, net
Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of reacquired contract rights and noncompete
agreements. The assets are stated at gross carrying amount, less accumulated amortization.
Amortization is computed on the straight-line method and is recorded within “Operating expenses,
net” on the accompanying statements of income.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
The Company’s policy is to assess the values of its long-lived assets (property and equipment and
amortizable intangible assets) and to evaluate such assets for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances (“triggering events”) indicate that the carrying amount of such assets (or
group of assets) may not be recoverable. The amount of any impairment recognized would be
calculated as the difference between the estimated fair market value and the carrying value of the
asset. The Company performs an impairment test should there be a triggering event. No
indications of impairment were identified for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Fair Value Measurements
The Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure Topic of the FASB Accounting Codification
establishes a framework for measuring fair value that is based on the inputs market participants
use to determine fair value of an asset or liability and establishes a fair value hierarchy to prioritize
those inputs.

9

