signatures shall be conclusive proof, admissible in arbitration and judicial proceedings, of the
parties’ execution of this Sublease.
15.5 No Agency. The parties hereto agree that the business relationship created by this Sublease is
solely that of Sublandlord and Subtenant. Nothing contained in this Sublease shall make
Subtenant an agent, legal representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer or employee of
Sublandlord. Subtenant shall have no right or power to, and shall not, bind or obligate
Sublandlord in any way, manner or thing whatsoever, nor represent that it has any right to do so.
15.6 Time of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in every part of this Sublease.
15.7 Binding Effect. This Sublease shall become immediately binding on the parties to this Sublease
on the date the last party signs it, notwithstanding that the Term of this Sublease may commence
upon a future date.
15.8 Headings. The table of contents preceding this Sublease and the headings of the paragraphs and
subparagraphs are inserted solely for the convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part
of this Sublease, nor limit, define or describe the scope or intent of this Sublease.
15.9 Joint and Several Liability. If Subtenant consists of more than one person, each individual’s
liability under this Sublease shall be joint and several.
15.10 Entire Agreement. This Sublease constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter of this Sublease, and this Sublease shall not be modified,
amended, altered or changed except by prior written agreement signed by both parties. If any
provision herein is invalid, it shall be considered deleted from this Sublease and shall not
invalidate the remaining provisions.
15.11 Personal Guaranty. Subtenant and each Owner must sign the Guaranty attached hereto as
Exhibit C as a condition to the effectiveness of this Sublease (an “Owner” is any owner of any
interest, directly or indirectly, in Subtenant.)
[THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

16
04/25 amended 12/25

