connection with a Subway® restaurant. There will be a one-time fee deducted from your pre-authorized account of 1%
percent of the loan amount for any loan guarantee we make on your behalf.
Note 5. We have arranged for a leasing program with certain designated suppliers and lenders for bread ovens and speed
ovens to be used in your restaurant. Huntington Technology Finance, Inc. is currently our designated lessor, and you
will execute its form lease attached as Exhibit K-2.
Note 6. We have approved HP to offer POS hardware-as-a-service to franchisees under the RTaaS program described
in Item 5. You will enter into an agreement directly with HP to obtain the approved hardware, and we will collect fees
you owe to HP on HP’s behalf. We may approve other hardware vendors to lease the POS System hardware to you, or
offer a similar type of arrangement in the future, and we may collect any fees under the lease or similar arrangement on
behalf of the vendor. You will make payments directly to HP, and we will guaranty your payments to HP; however, we
reserve the right again collect RTaaS fees and related fees directly from you on behalf of the vendor.
***************************************
We may change or eliminate these loan programs without any prior notice to franchisees. We and our affiliates did not
discount or assign to anyone (other than an affiliate) any franchisee notes, or commercial paper, prior to January 1, 1998.
When we and our affiliates do discount and assign the notes, and commercial paper to the third party, the third party
may be immune under the law to claims or defenses you may have against us or our affiliate, or the equipment
manufacturer.
Whether, and on what terms, you can obtain financing from third parties will depend on a variety of factors, including
your own creditworthiness, the type of security you can offer, the policies of lending institutions, and the availability
and cost of commercial credit generally. You may not be able to obtain a loan. Except for payments made to us or our
affiliates under (i) Subleases or leases for constructed restaurants, and (ii) loans in connection with a Subway® restaurant,
we and our affiliates do not receive payments for the placement of financing or providing financing. We may receive
payments under the Sublease or Sublicense if you use a portion of the premises for any use other than a Subway®
restaurant, or under the lease or license if the lease or license is terminated early by the landlord or the government.
Except for the lease or license for your restaurant premises, we and our affiliates do not guarantee your obligations to
third parties. Also, you may lose your defenses against us and others in a collection action on a loan that is assigned, as
disclosed above. We do require you to sign a general release of claims as a condition of making a loan to you. The
master lease or license for your restaurant may contain a waiver of notice, confession of judgment, or a waiver of
defenses. Except as disclosed in this Item, we do not arrange financing from other sources.
Franchisees of the Subway® system are eligible for expedited and streamlined SBA loan processing through the
SBA’s Franchise Registry Program, www.franchiseregistry.com.
Item 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
As noted in Item 1, we are a party to the Management Agreement with the Managers for the provision of support and
services to Subway® franchisees. The Managers will provide the training, support, marketing, and other services
described in this Item 11 to you on our behalf and will have the authority to exercise many of our rights and perform
many of our obligations under the Franchise Agreement, Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement
or other agreement you may enter with us. Though we have delegated our rights and responsibilities to the Managers,
we remain ultimately responsible for all of the support and services required under the Franchise Agreement, MultiUnit Franchise Agreement, and Development Agreement or other agreement you may enter with us. References to “we’
or “us” in this Item 11 shall include and/or mean FWH on our behalf, as applicable.

63

