the Sublease (or other approved lease agreement) and state law. You must purchase your business insurance
from a source designated under our Gold Standard Insurance Program or any subsequent insurance program
of ours, unless we allow otherwise in writing. All insurance policies must contain the minimum coverage
we prescribe from time to time in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing and must
have deductibles not to exceed the amounts we specify. We may periodically increase the amounts of
coverage required under these insurance policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverages
(including reasonable excess liability insurance) at any time to reflect inflation, identification of new risks,
changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards or other relevant changes in circumstances,
and you agree to comply with any changes to our insurance requirements promptly and at your sole expense.
These insurance policies must be purchased from an insurance company satisfactory to us and each liability
coverage policy must name us, our affiliates (including without limitation SFAFT), and our and their
respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents, as well as (if applicable) your BD and
landlord (collectively, the “Additional Insureds”) as additional insureds, with primary non-contributory
coverage, using a form of endorsement that we have approved. If available from the insurer, all insurance
policies must provide for thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to us of a policy’s material modification,
cancellation or expiration. Each insurance policy must contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us,
our affiliates and their successors and assigns. You routinely (at all times we require in our business
judgment) must furnish us copies of your Certificates of Insurance or other evidence of your maintaining
all then-required insurance coverage and the payment of all premiums. If you fail or refuse to obtain and
maintain the insurance we specify, in addition to our other remedies including without limitation
termination, we may (but need not) obtain such insurance for you and the Restaurant on your behalf, in
which event you shall cooperate with us and reimburse us for all premiums, costs and expenses we incur in
obtaining and maintaining the insurance, plus a reasonable fee for our time incurred in obtaining such
insurance.

B.
Our requirements for minimum insurance coverage are not representations or warranties
of any kind that such coverage is sufficient for the Restaurant. Such requirements represent only the
minimum coverage that we deem acceptable to protect our interests. It is your sole responsibility to obtain
insurance coverage for the Restaurant that you deem appropriate, based on your own independent inquiry.
We are not responsible for losses sustained by you that exceed or fall outside of the insurance coverage
under any circumstances. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification obligations contained in this
Agreement will not be relieved by any insurance you carry.
22.

Default and Termination.

A.
If you believe that we are in default under this Agreement, you must give us written notice
within ninety (90) days of the start of the default. The notice must clearly state each act or omission
constituting the default. If we do not cure the default to your satisfaction within sixty (60) days after we
receive your notice, you may give us notice that an arbitrable dispute exists.
B.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically, either with respect to an individual
Restaurant or group of Restaurants or in its entirety as it applies to all Restaurants, as we determine, upon
delivery of notice of termination to you, if you or any of your owners, officers, or key employees:
1.
Fail(s) to develop, decorate, equip or open the Restaurant within the time period
required by, or fail(s) to satisfactorily complete the training program as provided in, this
Agreement;
2.
Have/has made any material misrepresentation or omission in your, his or her
application for the franchise or in any report, claim, request for reimbursement, impact survey or
other similar document submitted to us;

