Information which your legal counsel advises that you are legally required to disclose without any liability
under this Section.
16.

Accounting and Records.

A.
You shall establish and maintain a bookkeeping, accounting and record keeping system
conforming to the requirements prescribed by us, for the purpose of keeping, and making available to us
upon our written request, complete business records exclusively for the Restaurant for the current year and
for the immediate past three (3) years, including cash register/POS data, control sheets, weekly inventory
and sales reports, deposit slips, business and personal bank statements, canceled checks, sales and purchase
records, business and personal tax returns, Schedule K-1 forms, cash receipts journals, cash disbursements
journals, payroll registers, general ledgers, financial statements, profit and loss statements, balance sheets,
and any other similar records and information we may request. These records must be separate from the
records kept for any other business in which you have an interest.
B.
You shall submit to us such periodic financial and other reports, forms and records as
specified, and in the manner and at the time as specified in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise
in writing.
C.
You shall record all sales on the POS System or other electronic cash registers approved
by us or on such other types of equipment as may be designated by us in the Confidential Operations Manual
or otherwise in writing. You agree that we shall have the right to require you to utilize the computer-based
POS System cash registers that are fully compatible with any program(s) or system(s) that we, in our
direction, may employ. All Gross Sales and all sales information shall be recorded on such equipment. We
shall at all times have real-time and full access to all of your data, POS System, system and related
information by such means as we may determine from time to time, including without limitation direct
access in person, or access by electronic means.
D.
You agree that we will have the right to examine your books, records and any electronic
data necessary to perform an independent audit or other analysis. You also grant us permission to examine,
without prior notice to you, all records of your purchases from a supplier, and you authorize such suppliers
to release your purchase records to us at such times and places as we request. You will allow us and our
representatives, including without limitation our BDs and their representatives, to conduct an audit, review
your business operations and records, including POS System reports, perform audio and visual recordings
to the extent permitted by law, and otherwise access all areas of the Restaurant without prior notice at any
time you or your employees are on the Premises. Upon our written request, you will make photocopies or
electronic copies of all documentation or electronic data that we request and forward them to us or our
representatives as we designate. We will reimburse you for the reasonable cost of copying this information.
If we notified you in writing of an audit at least five (5) days in advance and you fail to produce your books
and records at the time of the audit, you will be responsible for all costs we incur, including, without
limitation, the charges of any independent accountant, the compensation of our employees or
representatives, and attorneys’ fees.
E.
We shall have the right, at any time, to audit, or have an independent audit made, of your
books. If we or an independent auditor determine, after conducting an audit, that you under-reported Gross
Sales by more than two percent (2%) of your reported Gross Sales, you will pay us the Royalty Fees,
Advertising Contributions and other charges due on the Gross Sales that were not reported, plus all costs
associated with conducting the audit and collecting the unpaid amounts, including without limitation
mediation and arbitration fees, court costs, lawyers' fees, accountants’ and other professionals’ fees,
management preparation time, witness fees, and travel expenses, plus interest and late fees (the “Overdue
Amount”). If you fail to submit your information to be audited, we have the right to obtain the Restaurant’s
Gross Sales information and data directly from your POS System reports which you acknowledge and agree
we have a right to access. We will use those reports to determine any amount of the under-reported Gross

