cancellation or reduction, and Sublicensee shall forthwith pay the cost thereof to Sublicensor
(which cost may be collected by Sublicensor as Additional License Fees) and Sublicensor shall
not be liable for any damage or injury caused to any property of Sublicensee or of others located
on the Premises as a result of any such entry, unless resulting from its own sole gross negligence,
or intentional or willful act or omission.
4.7

5

Loss and Damage. Sublicensor shall not be liable for any death or injury occurring on the
Premises, nor for the loss of or damage to any of the personal property or other property of
Sublicensee or of others by theft or otherwise, unless resulting from its own sole gross negligence,
or intentional or willful act or omission. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Sublicensor shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property resulting from
fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, dampness, gas, electricity, water, rain, snow, or leaks from
any part of the Premises or from the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from the roof, street
or subsurface or from any other place by any other cause whatsoever, unless resulting from its
own sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission. Sublicensor shall not be
liable for any such damage caused by other persons or occupants of adjacent property, or the
public, or caused by operations in construction of any private, public or quasi-public work. All
of the personal property or any other property of Sublicensee kept or stored on the Premises shall
be kept or stored at the risk of Sublicensee.

THE PREMISES
5.1

Use and Services. During the Term of this Sublicense, Sublicensee shall continuously operate
a Subway® restaurant business in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. The Premises shall
not be used for any other purpose.

5.2

Repairs and Maintenance. Sublicensee shall, at all times during the Term, at its own cost and
expense, put, keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and personal property located on it
in good order and condition, subject to reasonable wear and tear, and subject to all applicable
terms of this Article 5, shall make all necessary and desirable repairs, restorations and
replacements thereof, structural and nonstructural, foreseen or unforeseen (hereinafter
collectively called “Repairs”), and shall use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste, damage
and injury.
In the event that Sublicensee fails or neglects to make all necessary Repairs or fulfill its other
obligations as set forth above, Sublicensor or its agents may enter the Premises for the purpose
of making such Repairs or fulfilling those obligations. All reasonable costs and expenses
incurred as a consequence of Sublicensor’s action shall be repaid by Sublicensee to Sublicensor
within fifteen (15) days after Sublicensee receives copies of receipts showing payment by
Sublicensor for such Repairs or other obligations. These receipts shall be prima facie evidence
of the payment of the charges paid by Sublicensor.

5.3

Build-Out and Alterations. Sublicensor may terminate this Sublicense on ten (10) days’ written
notice and Sublicensor may offer this location to another franchisee if: a) Sublicensee does not
commence construction of the Premises within seven (7) days after obtaining occupancy from
Master Licensor by expeditiously ordering its equipment, submitting all necessary funds, and
making application for required permits and licenses; or b) Sublicensee does not complete the
build-out of the restaurant and then open the restaurant within forty-five (45) days after
occupancy from Master Licensor. In such an event, Sublicensee understands that the security
deposit referred to in Section 3.4 will not be refunded.
Sublicensee agrees that it will at its own cost and expense make such reasonable alterations to
the interior or exterior of the Premises as may reasonably be requested by Sublicensor from time
6

