designed to run on computers and similar devices, including tablets, smartphones and other mobile
devices, as well as any evolutions or “next generations” of any such devices. All sums paid by you
as Advertising Contributions shall be maintained in one or more separate accounts that contain only
Advertising Contributions and other sums to be used for advertising, and such sums shall not be used
to defray any of our general operating expenses, except for such administrative costs and overhead,
if any, as we or our affiliates may incur in activities reasonably related to the administration or
direction of advertising programs including, without limitation, conducting marketing research,
preparing marketing and advertising materials, and collecting and accounting for assessments for
advertising.
4.
It is anticipated that all Advertising Contributions shall be expended for advertising
and promotional purposes during our fiscal year within which contributions are made. If, however,
excess amounts remain at the end of such fiscal year, all expenditures in the following fiscal year(s)
shall be made first out of any current interest or other earnings, next out of any accumulated
earnings, and finally from principal.
5.
We may terminate advertising accounts at any time but will not do so until all
monies in them have been expended for advertising and promotion purposes or have been
transferred to one or more other accounts used for advertising.
6.
An accounting of our use of Advertising Contributions shall be prepared annually
and shall be made available to you upon request. We reserve the right, at our option, to require that
such annual accounting include an audit prepared by an independent certified public accountant
selected by us, with such preparation to be paid for out of Advertising Contributions.
15.

Confidential Information.

A.
We and our affiliates possess (and may continue to develop and acquire) certain
confidential information, some of which constitutes trade secrets under applicable law (the “Confidential
Information”), relating to developing and operating Subway® Restaurants, whether or not marked
confidential, including (without limitation): (1) site selection criteria; (2) training and operations materials
and manuals, including, without limitation, recipes, product formulas, drawings, blueprints, reproductions,
data, franchise agreements, and the Confidential Operations Manual; (3) the System Standards and other
methods, formats, specifications, standards, systems, procedures, devices, techniques, sales and marketing
techniques, business plans, methods and strategies, knowledge, and experience used in developing,
promoting and operating Subway® Restaurants, business information related to franchisees, pricing
policies; (4) market research and plans, creative materials, media schedules, promotional, marketing and
advertising programs for Subway® Restaurants, organizational structure, financial information; (5)
knowledge of specifications for, and suppliers of, operating assets and other products and supplies; (6)
supplier and vendor lists; (7) any computer software or similar technology that is proprietary to us, our
affiliates, or the System, including, without limitation, digital passwords and identifications and any source
code of, and data, reports, and other printed materials generated by, the software or similar technology; (8)
content published over internal communication platforms; (9) knowledge of the operating results and
financial performance of Subway® Restaurants, other than your Restaurant; (10) customer lists and related
data; and (11) all information we or our affiliates designate as confidential. The following shall not
constitute Confidential Information: (i) information that you can demonstrate came to your attention prior
to disclosure thereof by us; (ii) information that, at the time of disclosure by us to you, had become a part
of the public domain, through publication or communication by others; or (iii) information that, after
disclosure to you by us, becomes a part of the public domain, through publication or communication by
others through no fault of you. Confidential Information may be provided to you by us, our affiliates, BDs,
service providers, or franchisees, or from agents of us or our affiliates. Confidential Information will remain
our property or our affiliates’ property.

