EXHIBIT D-5
SUB CONTRACT
Franchise #
This Sub Contract is made by and between Subway Real Estate, LLC (hereinafter referred to as "Assignor") and
(hereinafter referred to as "Assignee"), dated

.

1.

Assignor is the Concessionaire under a certain contract (hereinafter referred to as the “Contract”) made between it and
(hereinafter referred to as "Licensor") dated
. Said Contract conveys possession leasehold of the premises commonly known as
. A copy of the aforesaid Contract is annexed hereto and is incorporated by reference.

2.

Assignor hereby assigns all of such premises to the Assignee for the full term of the Contract, commencing
,
at the rents called for in the aforesaid Contract plus any and all charges by the landlord relating to the
premises such as common area charges, maintenance charges, insurance charges, and tax escalation charges and rental
escalation pursuant to the Contract annexed hereto. In the event the Contract contains renewal options, Assignee agrees to
notify Assignor, in writing and sent for next business day delivery by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier, of
its desire to exercise its option at least one hundred eighty days (180) prior to the date on which Assignor must notify the
Licensor of its intention to exercise its option to extend the lease.

3.

Assignee hereby agrees to perform and observe all of the obligations and covenants of the Assignor under such Contract and
to make all payments directly to the Licensor in the manner set forth in the Contract. Assignee represents that he has read
said Contract and consents to all terms and provisions contained therein.

4.

Assignee shall be responsible for any breach or default occurring after the execution of this Sub Contract.

5.

Assignee and Assignor agree that the rent accruing under this Sub Contract shall be net to Assignor and that all taxes, costs,
common area maintenance fees, expenses and charges of every kind and nature (the “Additional Charges”) relating to the
Premises or payable under the Contract that may arise or become due during the Term or any extension of this Sub Contract,
shall be paid by Assignee to Assignor or its designee (which may be the landlord), and that Assignee shall indemnify and
save harmless Assignor from and against them. All Additional Charges that Assignee assumes or agrees to pay under any
provisions of this Sub Contract, together with all interest and penalties that may accrue on these Additional Charges in the
event Assignee fails to pay them, as well as all other damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys’ fees and other legal and court costs that Assignor may incur in enforcing this Sub Contract, and any and all other
sums that may become due by reason of Assignee’s default or failure to comply with its obligations under this Sub Contract,
shall be deemed to be “Additional Rent”. The Base Rent and Additional Rent shall collectively be referred to herein as the
“Rent”. In the event of non payment of Rent in any form, Assignor shall have all rights and remedies provided herein and
under law.

6.

Assignee acknowledges and agrees that failure to remit any installment of rent or additional charges when due, and neglect
to cure such nonpayment within ten (10) days following written notice from the Assignor, shall constitute a default and breach
of this Sub Contract by the Assignee.

7.

The purpose to this Sub Contract is to enable the Assignee to operate a Subway Restaurant under the terms of a Franchise
Agreement with Doctor's Associates LLC. If at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement, the Assignee shall
default in the performance of any terms, covenants or conditions of the aforesaid Franchise Agreement made on
,
between and Doctor's Associates LLC, Assignor, at its option, may terminate this Sub Contract
on ten (10) days written notice to Assignee, and upon such termination, Assignee shall quit and surrender the premises
commonly known as the to Assignor. Assignee agrees to remain liable for the balance of the payments due as provided in the
Contract.

8.

Assignee may assign this Sub Contract only to a Franchisee of Doctor's Associates LLC for use as a Restaurant, provided
that the prior written consent to the Sub Contract is obtained from the Assignor, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. If Assignor consents to the Sub Contract, this consent shall not operate to release the Assignee from his obligations
under this Sub Contract.

9.

Notwithstanding any clause in this Sub Contract to the contrary, it is understood that the Assignor is hereby conveying to the
Assignee, subject to the terms and condition of this Sub Contract, only those rights to the aforesaid premises which it acquired
by virtue of the Contract. The Contract describes the duties of the Licensor, the Assignor is not obligated to perform these
1

