Sublandlord such proofs of loss and other instruments which may be required for the purpose of
recovering these proceeds.

5

4.5

Waiver of Subrogation. Subtenant agrees to look solely to the proceeds of its own insurer for
indemnity against exposure for loss of property or business interruption. Subtenant warrants that
its property and business interruption insurers shall have no rights against Sublandlord by virtue
of assignment, subrogation, loan agreement or otherwise.

4.6

Cancellation of Insurance. If any insurance policy covering the Premises or any part of it is
canceled or is threatened by the insurer to be canceled, or if the coverage thereunder is reduced
in any way by the insurer for any reason, and if Subtenant fails to remedy the condition giving
rise to cancellation, threatened cancellation, or reduction of coverage within five (5) business
days after notice thereof by Sublandlord, Sublandlord may, at its option, either (i) reenter the
Premises forthwith by leaving upon the Premises a notice in writing of its intention to do so or
(ii) enter the Premises and remedy the condition giving rise to such cancellation, threatened
cancellation or reduction, and Subtenant shall forthwith pay the cost thereof to Sublandlord
(which cost may be collected by Sublandlord as Additional Rent) and Sublandlord shall not be
liable for any damage or injury caused to any property of Subtenant or of others located on the
Premises as a result of any such entry, unless resulting from its own sole gross negligence, or
intentional or willful act or omission.

4.7

Loss and Damage. Sublandlord shall not be liable for any death or injury occurring on the
Premises, nor for the loss of or damage to any of the personal property or other property of
Subtenant or of others by theft or otherwise, unless resulting from its own sole gross negligence,
or intentional or willful act or omission. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Sublandlord shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property resulting from
fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, dampness, gas, electricity, water, rain, snow, or leaks from
any part of the Premises or from the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from the roof, street
or subsurface or from any other place by any other cause whatsoever, unless resulting from its
own sole gross negligence, or intentional or willful act or omission. Sublandlord shall not be
liable for any such damage caused by other persons or occupants of adjacent property, or the
public, or caused by operations in construction of any private, public or quasi-public work. All
of the personal property or any other property of Subtenant kept or stored on the Premises shall
be kept or stored at the risk of Subtenant.

THE PREMISES
5.1

Use and Services. During the Term of this Sublease, Subtenant shall continuously operate a
Subway® restaurant business in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. The Premises shall
not be used for any other purpose, except the parties agree that if Subtenant has received the
necessary approvals from Sublandlord, Subtenant may also operate on the Premises (in addition
to a Subway® restaurant) a restaurant for an approved concept franchised by a third-party
franchisor. If Subtenant is operating its Subway® restaurant in conjunction with an approved
third-party franchisor concept on the Premises, then Subtenant agrees to comply with the terms
and conditions contained in its franchise agreement and all other agreements with the third-party
franchisor in addition to its obligations to comply with the Franchise Agreement with DAL, and
any failure by Subtenant to comply with its franchise agreement with the third-party franchisor
shall also be a default hereunder. Sublandlord may terminate this Sublease on ten (10) days’
written notice and Sublandlord may offer this location to another franchisee if Subtenant fails to
complete the build-out of the portion of the Premises where the other approved concept will
6

04/25 amended 12/25

