M.
Survival. All of your (and your owners’) obligations which expressly or by their nature
survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding its expiration or termination until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.
N.
Construction. This Agreement (including the preambles and Background Information),
the exhibits, schedules and attachments hereto, and the documents referred to herein, constitute the entire
and complete agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede any and
all prior agreements between the parties, and there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements
between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Nothing in this or in any related
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in the franchise disclosure
document that we furnished to you.
The headings of the several Sections and sub-sections hereof are for convenience only and do not
define, limit or construe the contents of such Sections or sub-sections and shall not be taken into account in
this Agreement’s construction or interpretation. References to dollars ($) in this Agreement refer to the
lawful money of the United States of America. No previous course of dealing or usage in the trade not
specifically set forth in this Agreement will be admissible to explain, modify, or contradict this Agreement.
O.
Joint and Several Liability. Each individual signing this Agreement as the franchisee will
be jointly and severally liable.
P.
No Liability. You agree that no past, present or future director, officer, employee,
incorporator, member, manager, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate, controlling party, entity under
common control, ownership or management, supplier, agent, attorney, or representative of ours will have
any liability for (i) any of our obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement, (ii) any
claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between you and us, or (iii) any
claim against us based on any alleged unlawful act or omission of us. For the avoidance of doubt, this
provision constitutes an express waiver of any claims based on a theory of vicarious liability, except for
any statutory liability that cannot be waived under applicable law.
Q.
Franchisor Discretion. You agree that whenever this Agreement allows or requires us to
take actions or make decisions, we may do so in our sole and unfettered discretion, even if you believe our
action or decision is unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and specifically requires that we act
reasonably or refrain from acting unreasonably in connection with the particular action or decision.
R.
Notices. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required
by this Agreement shall be effective if given in one of the following ways: (i) by email to us at
FranchiseNotices@subway.com and to you at the email address provided on the Signature Page at the end
of this Agreement, or at such other email address as either party shall from time to time designate in writing;
(ii) in writing and hand delivered to either party; or (iii) in writing and sent for next business day delivery
by FedEx, UPS, or other nationally-recognized courier. Notices sent via hand delivery or via nationallyrecognized courier shall be addressed directly to us at our offices at Attn: Legal Department - Franchising,
1 Corporate Drive, Suite 1000, Shelton, CT 06484, and to you at the Premises, or at such other address as
either party shall from time to time designate in writing. Email notices must contain the capitalized words
“LEGAL NOTICE” in the subject line. The sender of an email notice must request a read receipt and the
recipient must allow a read receipt to be sent on or before the next business day. Email notices shall be
effective upon receipt by the sender of the read receipt from the recipient of the notice. Hand delivered
notices shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered. Notices sent for next business day
delivery by nationally recognized courier shall be deemed to be effective on the next business day.
S.
Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may be modified only by written agreement
signed by both you and us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that we may modify

