Sales and charge the Overdue Amount on that basis. In the event for any reason, we are unable to access
the necessary information through the POS System reports, we may estimate your sales and charge the
Overdue Amount based upon the estimate. The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other
remedies we may have.
F.
At any time during the Term, you authorize us to conduct credit checks or investigative
background searches on you which may reveal information about your business experience, educational
background, criminal record, civil judgments, property ownership, liens, associations with other
individuals, creditworthiness, and job performance.
17.

Corporation, Limited Liability Company or Partnership Franchisee.

A.
Corporate Franchisee. Except as otherwise approved by us in writing, if you are a
corporation, you shall (i) confine your activities, and your governing documents shall at all times provide
that your activities are confined, exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish
us with your articles of incorporation and bylaws as well as such other documents that we may reasonably
request, including the Owner’s Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit
A, executed by all current beneficial owners of any class of voting stock; (iii) maintain stop transfer
instructions on your records against the transfer of any equity securities and only issue securities upon the
face of which a legend, in a form satisfactory to us, appears which references the transfer restrictions
imposed by this Agreement; (iv) not issue any voting securities or securities convertible into voting
securities without our prior written approval, which approval shall be conditioned on, among other things,
the new shareholder(s)’s (and all new beneficial owners’) execution of an Owner’s Guaranty and
Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A; and (v) maintain a current list of all owners
of record and all beneficial owners of any class of voting stock and furnish the list to us upon request. For
the avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times subject
to our review and must at all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
B.
Limited Liability Company Franchisee. If you are a limited liability company, you shall:
(i) confine your activities, and your governing documents shall at all times provide that your activities are
confined, exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish us with your articles of
organization and operating agreement, as well as such other documents as we may reasonably request, and
any amendments thereto; (iii) prepare and furnish to us, upon request, a current list of all members and
managers; (iv) maintain stop transfer instructions on your records against the transfer of any equity
securities and only issue securities which bear a legend, in a form satisfactory to us, which references the
transfer restrictions imposed by this Agreement; and (v) deliver to us the Owner’s Guaranty and
Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A, executed by each member and each owner
of any beneficial interest in you. For the avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or
holding entities are also at all times subject to our review and must at all times be consistent with the
foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
C.
Partnership Franchisee. If you are a partnership, you shall: (i) confine your activities
exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish us with your partnership agreement,
as well as such other documents as we may reasonably request and any amendments thereto; (iii) furnish
to us, upon request, a current list of all general and limited partners; and (iv) deliver to us the Owner’s
Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A, executed by each general
partner and each owner of any beneficial interest in such general partner. For the avoidance of doubt, the
governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times subject to our review and must at
all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
18.

Transferability of Interest.

