SVS will, as part of the Gift Card Program:
(a) To the extent permitted or required under the Services Agreement, make the Gift Card
Program, procedures, tools and other necessary supplies available for Participant to utilize the
Gift Card Program;
(b) To the extent permitted or required under the Services Agreement, make trainings available to Participant similar to the trainings provided to Franchisor under the Services Agreement;
(c)
Subject to the terms of the Services Agreement, address the reasonable technical requirements made by Participant regarding the use of any Gift Card Program;
(d) Comply with all service level agreements under the Services Agreement in the provision of
the Gift Card Program to Participant, including responding to Participant requests for assistance
within one business day; and
(e) Provide a Participant-facing online portal that provides access to certain reports and other
functionality as stated in the Services Agreement.
2. ACH or ETF Authorization.
(a) Participant understands and agrees that amounts due and owing from Participant to SVS and to Franchisor in connection with the Gift Card Program will be automatically debited from Participant’s designated
bank account(s) by Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) or electronic funds transfer (“ETF”), as applicable.
Participant understands and agrees that SVS is acting as settlement agent for Participant and other participants in the Gift Card Program for the settlement of gift card redemptions between Gift Card Program
participants. Accordingly, SVS will initiate ACH or ETF debits from and credits to Participant’s designated
bank account(s) for amounts due to/from Participant resulting from Participant’s participation in the Gift
Card Program.
(b) Except as set forth in Section 2(c) below, information about Participant’s designated bank account(s),
including any subsequent changes thereto, will be provided to SVS from Franchisor and Participant holds
SVS harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, loss or liability which may result from
SVS’ reliance upon the accuracy or provision of such information.
(c) Notwithstanding Section 2(b) above, solely to the extent that a Participant has been identified by Franchisor as a non-traditional location, Participant also will complete and sign an ACH or ETF authorization
form, in the form provided by SVS, and will send the original to Participant’s bank and a copy to SVS.
Further, for any such Participant, while the Gift Card Program is in effect, such Participant will provide
updated information and forms as requested by SVS, including, such information and forms as needed for
any new locations opened by Participant.
3. Funding. Participant acknowledges, agrees and understands that proper funding of its designated bank
account(s) for the Gift Card Program is necessary to ensure fair and efficient administration of the gift card
program. Participant agrees to ensure that its bank accounts are properly funded for the ACH or ETF
settlement process and for ACH or ETF debits of settlement fees owed to SVS.
4. Confidentiality & Participant Data. Participant acknowledges that the Services Agreement is confidential and that Participant may be provided access to other confidential information of SVS. Participant and
SVS agree to maintain the confidentiality of all the other party’s confidential information in accordance with
this section. As part of the Participant’s participation in the Gift Card Program, Participant may provide SVS
with its banking information, employee information and contact information (“Participant Information”). Participant confidential information includes, without limitation, all Participant Information. SVS will use the
Participant confidential information solely in connection with its performance under this Participation Agreement and the Services Agreement. SVS will use the same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information of like nature to the Participant confidential information, but no less than a reasonable
degree of care, to maintain in confidence the Participant confidential information. Participant agrees to take
commercially reasonable steps not to provide SVS with any of its confidential information that is not Participant Information, except where that information is requested by SVS. SVS will only transfer Participant
confidential information (i) as necessary to perform its obligations under this Participation Agreement; and
(ii) to Franchisor. SVS will process all Participant confidential information pursuant to the requirements set
forth in the Services Agreement.

www.storedvalue.com | 101 Bullitt Lane, Suite 305 | Louisville, KY 40222 | PH: 502.326.4600
7
22124989 v1

