If you or the buyer cancels the transfer before we have issued the Consent-to-Transfer, we will refund the full transfer
fee. However, if the Consent-to-Transfer has already been issued and you or the buyer cancel the transfer at any point
thereafter, or we cancel the transfer because you and the buyer failed to complete the transfer within 60 days after the
Consent-to-Transfer was issued, the full transfer fee will be retained by us.
We may allocate a portion of any refund of the transfer fee toward any past due amounts owed to us by the party that
tendered the transfer fee under the terms of their Franchise Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, if the transfer is cancelled for any reason and the buyer attended any portion of our training
course, the full transfer fee will be retained by us as full and final payment for the training given to the buyer. Any
transfer fee being refunded in connection with the foregoing will be refunded to the party that tendered the transfer fee.
If you and the buyer mutually wish to reactivate a transfer that was cancelled, and we approve the reactivation, in
addition to the transfer fee, a $1,500 US per restaurant reactivation fee ($750.00 US per Satellite, if any) is required.
We will apply any portion of the initial transfer fee paid which was not refunded or applied to outstanding amounts
owed to us toward the transfer fee of the reactivated transfer. The transfer will not be reactivated until all monies and
documents required to complete the transfer are received by us.
In limited circumstances, a reduction in the transfer fee may apply, as outlined below.
 Standard Transfers to new or existing franchisees: $3,200
 Transfers to next of kin upon death or permanent disability and transfers associated with divorce: $200
 All other transfers (additions, deletions, entity conversion, entity change of ownership, and immediate family
transfers): $2,000, unless a lower fee is stated in your franchise agreement.
We may change, modify or eliminate any reduction in the transfer fee at any time.
You must pay all related registration fees, taxes, and preparation costs for the filing, including lawyer’s costs, to the
extent we can require you to do so under local law. You must cancel, and then the buyer must obtain, or you must
transfer to the buyer, any permits, licenses, registrations, certifications or other consents required for leasing,
constructing, or operating the restaurant. We are authorized to cancel any permits, licenses, registrations, certifications
or other consents that you do not cancel within a reasonable time. Any costs for cancellation will be borne by you.
Your final purchase agreement with the buyer for the location must meet our requirements. We will not become involved
in the sale of any real estate included or contemplated in your sale terms. We will not be responsible for any loss or
gain resulting from any sale, failure to sell or delay of the sale of the real estate. Any such loss or gain shall be incidental,
consequential, contingent and not part of the transfer of your restaurant and the Franchise Agreement.
Note 6. Location Rent. You pay rent for your restaurant to our leasing affiliate or the landlord of the premises (at our
discretion), under either, at our option, a Sublease you enter into with our designated affiliate or a direct lease you enter
with the landlord. If you enter into the Sublease, it may contain a rental rate and terms different from the master lease
between the landlord and our affiliate, and we or our leasing affiliate may keep the difference between the rent under
the master lease and the sublease. Each of your owners will sign and deliver to our affiliate a guarantee of the payment
obligations under the Sublease. Our leasing affiliate will require you to personally guarantee the Sublease. The landlord
under a direct lease may also require you to personally guarantee the lease and may require a right of first refusal if you
want to transfer your restaurant. Our affiliate may assess late payment fees and other costs arising from the
administration of the Sublease. Our affiliate has the same rights as the landlord on default to charge you for certain fees,
to carry out repairs and to recover costs. Any right of first refusal to purchase the restaurant property provided in the
master lease shall remain with our affiliate or its assignee.
In order to lease directly from the landlord in lieu of a Sublease, you must request in writing, and we must approve in
writing the landlord’s form of lease, including any modifications, amendments, renewals or extensions of the lease. In
addition, you and the landlord must execute our Franchisor Lease Rider in a form substantially similar to Exhibit D-1.
You will sign the lease directly with the landlord and you will pay all costs associated with the lease.
40

