with the Note and Agreement. All sums payable by the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in immediately
available funds. This Section is intended to be and shall be construed to be a continuing guaranty, without
further notice to the Guarantor at the address set forth herein, and shall remain in full force and effect until
the satisfaction in full of all amounts due and owing under this Note and Agreement.]
19. To the extent there is more than one Maker hereunder, each Maker shall be jointly and severally liable for
the full, complete and punctual performance and satisfaction of all amounts due and owing by any Maker
under this Note and Agreement. When pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Maker, the
Holder may, but shall be under no obligation, to pursue such rights and remedies hereunder against any
Maker or any other person or against any collateral security for the amounts due and owing hereunder or
any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Holder to pursue such other rights or remedies
or to collect any payments from such Maker or any such other person to realize upon any such collateral
security or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of such Maker or any such other person or
any such collateral security, or right of offset, shall not relieve such Maker of any liability hereunder, and
shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law,
of the Holder against such Maker.
20. In exchange for the Holder making this loan, each Maker hereby releases and discharges the Holder, its
affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, Business Developers [(other than the Makers and their operating entity,
herein referred to as OpCo)] [other than those Business Developers who are identified as guarantors to this
loan], directors, officers, members, managers, shareholders, employees and representatives, from any and
all claims the Maker has against any of them, including, but not limited to, those arising out of, or related
to the Franchise Agreements [or the Business Developer Agreements].
21. a. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Note and Agreement, or the breach
thereof, will be settled by arbitration to be administered by either the American Arbitration Association or
its successor (“AAA”) or the American Dispute Resolution Center or its successor (“ADRC”) at the
discretion of the party first filing a demand for arbitration. AAA will administer the arbitration in
accordance with its administrative rules (including, as applicable, the Commercial Rules of the AAA and
the Expedited Procedures of such rules). ADRC will administer the arbitration in accordance with its
administrative rules (including, as applicable, the Rules of Commercial Arbitration or under the Rules for
Expedited Commercial Arbitration). If both AAA and ADRC are no longer in business, then the parties
will mutually agree upon an alternative administrative arbitration agency. If the parties cannot mutually
agree, then the parties agree to take the matter to a court of competent jurisdiction to select the agency.
Judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The costs of
the arbitration will be shared equally by the parties, except as otherwise provided in this Note and
Agreement. The parties also agree that neither party will pursue class claims. The parties further agree not
to consolidate the arbitration with any other proceedings, except for arbitrations in which you and we are
the sole parties. The parties will honor validly served subpoenas, warrants and court orders. The parties
further agree that only depositions for the sole purpose of preserving testimony may be conducted and that
any documents exchanged between the parties as part of the discovery process must be returned or destroyed
(with proof of destruction) within thirty (30) days of final judgment or dismissal of the arbitration.
b. The parties agree that Bridgeport, Connecticut, will be the site for arbitration, and the arbitration will be
held before a single arbitrator, not a panel.
c. You may only seek damages or any remedy under law or equity for any arbitrable claim against us or our
successors or assigns. You agree our intended beneficiaries of the arbitration clause, including our
affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, and their affiliates, will
be neither liable nor named as a party in any arbitration or litigation proceeding commenced by you where
the claim arises out of or relates to this Note and Agreement. If you name a party in any arbitration or
litigation proceeding in violation of this Section [22.c.][to be modified if Guarantor terms included in
Section 20], you will reimburse us for reasonable costs incurred, including but not limited to arbitration
6

