Part III – Qualified FSP, Theme Park, National Park, Airport Terminal Advertising Contribution and
Royalty Rate Reduction
If you checked (2), (6) or (7), above, the following provisions apply to your Franchise Agreement:
A.

In regard to your Advertising Contributions: If you are a Qualified FSP, or operating a non-traditional
location at a Theme Park, National Park, Airport Terminal, Hospital, Military Location, Train Station, or
Captive Travel Plaza, your Advertising Contributions may be reduced. Any reduction is stated in the Key
Contract Data page. Your Advertising Contributions will be paid to us on a weekly basis.

B.

In regard to your Royalty Fee: If you are operating a non-traditional location at an Airport Terminal, Train
Station, or Captive Travel Plaza, your royalty fee may be reduced. Any reduction is stated on the Key
Contract Data page.

C.

The Restaurant will not have a vote with respect to temporarily or permanently increasing the Advertising
Contribution percentage for either the country or any market.

D.

In the event that you operated the Restaurant at a Theme Park, National Park or Airport Terminal and
relocate the Restaurant to a location other than a Theme Park, National Park or Airport Terminal, or if you
used a Qualified FSP to manage the Restaurant but have ceased to do so, as applicable, then this Part III of
the Rider shall be of no further force and effect and your advertising rate shall be as stated in the Franchise
Agreement without amendment by this Part III of the Rider.

E.

As used in this Rider:
i.

A Theme Park is defined as an amusement or similar park meeting all of the following
requirements: 1. It must offer a collection of rides and/or other entertainment attractions; 2. It is
more elaborate than a simple city park or playground, as it is meant to cater to entertaining large
groups of people including, adults, teenagers, and small children and generally uses architecture,
signage, and landscaping to help convey the feeling that people are in a different place or time; 3.
It must be a permanent and not a temporary facility; 4. It charges a fee for admission; and 5. It has
at least 400,000 visitors a year.

ii. A National Park is defined as an area of land declared or owned by a government, set aside for
human recreation and enjoyment, animal and environmental protection, and restricted from
development.
iii. An Airport Terminal is defined as a building at an airport where passengers transfer between
ground transportation and the facilities that allow them to board and disembark from airplanes.
iv. A Qualified FSP is defined as a company that is either privately owned or publicly traded; is not
government owned, supported or operated and provides contract foodservice and/or concession
foodservice (as defined below); and has either annual revenues (or sales) in excess of two hundred
million dollars ($200,000,000.00) or operates a minimum of 250 accounts either directly or through
their subsidiaries. “Contract Foodservice” is defined as the preparation, presentation and delivery
of food and beverage services to clients and their customers where clients have chosen to outsource
this activity on its premises. The client may or may not pay the Food Service Provider a fee for the
provision of the foodservice and the food may be offered to consumers at subsidized prices.
Contract Foodservice is carried out in various sectors, including business and industry (staff
canteens or cafeterias in both public and private sectors); healthcare (hospitals, nursing homes);
10
DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

