Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual and our other written guidelines is held to constitute
trademark infringement, unfair competition or dilution, and for all costs reasonably incurred by you in the
defense of any such claim or in any such proceeding in which you are named as a party, provided that you
have timely notified us of such claim or proceeding and have otherwise complied with this Agreement and
that we shall have the right to defend any such claim.
E.
If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify or discontinue use of any
Mark, and/or use one or more additional or substitute trade names, trademarks, service marks, or other
commercial symbols, you agree to comply with our directions within a reasonable time after our notice to
you, and we shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to your modification or
discontinuance of any Mark or expenses incurred in connection therewith.
F.
In order to preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks and copyrighted material
licensed herein and to assure that you are properly employing the same in the operation of the Restaurant,
we or our agents shall have the right of entry and inspection of the Premises at all reasonable times and,
additionally, shall have the right to observe the manner in which you are rendering your services and
conducting your operations, to confer with your employees and customers, to inspect your Computer
Systems (including hardware, software, security, configurations, connectivity, and data access), and to
select ingredients, food and non-food products, beverages, and other items, products, materials and supplies
for test of content and evaluation purposes to make certain that the services, ingredients, products, materials,
equipment and operations are satisfactory and meet the quality control provisions and performance
standards established by us.
G.
You agree not to, and to use your best efforts to cause your parents, subsidiaries and
affiliates, and your and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, managers, agents,
representatives, spouses, heirs, predecessors, successors, and assigns not to, disparage or otherwise speak
or write negatively, directly or indirectly, of us or our parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and our and their
respective current and former owners, officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, representatives,
predecessors, successors, and assigns or our or their current and former franchisees, Business Developers
(“BDs”, f/k/a Business Development Agent or “BDA”), developers, area developers or the Subway® brand,
the System, or any other service-marked or trademarked concept of us, or which would subject the Subway®
brand to ridicule, scandal, reproach, scorn, or indignity or which would negatively impact the goodwill of
us, our affiliates, the Subway® brand or the Marks.
9.

Confidential Operations Manual.

A.
We will make available to you during the Term, in the format that we choose (electronic,
hardcopy, or both), an operations manual containing mandatory specifications, standards, operating
procedures and rules prescribed from time to time by us for Subway® Restaurants and information relative
to other of your obligations hereunder and the operation of the Restaurant (the “Confidential Operations
Manual”). The mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules prescribed from time
to time by us for Subway® Restaurants are referred to herein as the “System Standards”. The Confidential
Operations Manual contains our proprietary information and shall be kept confidential by you both during
the Term and subsequent to the expiration or termination of the Term. The Confidential Operations Manual
includes all policies, procedures, specifications, rules and guidelines that we may promulgate or revise from
time to time and publish via an intranet, the internet, in other electronic media, or in other written format.
We shall have the right to add to and otherwise modify the Confidential Operations Manual from time to
time to reflect changes in the System Standards.

DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

8

