Add to Note 2. Real Property:
You will not sign a sublease for your restaurant located at a Naval Exchange Location. Your right to occupy the
restaurant premises is provided under the License Agreement and the sublicense we grant to you under the NEXCOM
Rider. You are responsible for paying the monthly commission fee specified in the License Agreement. The monthly
commission fee is a percentage of the gross sales from the restaurant, and will vary from month to month. It may also
increase upon renewal of the license for the restaurant location. You will pay us the commission fee as well as any
other charges you owe to NEXCOM through your preauthorized account, and then we will send these amounts to
NEXCOM. NEXCOM may assess late payment fees.
Add to Note 3. Leasehold Improvements:
NEXCOM may require you to upgrade the décor of your restaurant and/or renovate the location as a condition of the
grant of the license or license renewal or extension for the location. These costs could be substantial.
Add to Note 5. Insurance with the following:
You must also purchase the insurance coverage specified in the License Agreement and any additional insurance
otherwise required by state law.
Add to in Note 5. Insurance:
In addition, your policy must name all additional insureds required under the License Agreement, including all
NEXCOM, Navy Exchange Service Centers, Navy Exchanges, Navy Lodges Program or any other government
entity or related instrumentality specified in the License Agreement.
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Pursuant to the License Agreement, all food service equipment for NEXCOM locations must be approved by the
National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) and Underwriter Laboratories (UL). You must only use domestic
construction material as defined in the Buy America Act to construct or renovate and equip the premises in which
the restaurant will be located. This requirement may limit some of your choices in approved decor and construction
materials required to build-out the location as a Subway® restaurant. You may also be limited to using contractors,
licensed plumbers, etc. specified by NEXCOM or a related government entity in connection with certain repairs,
upgrades and renovations for your restaurant. You may be required to obtain NEXCOM’s approval on various
products or sources of various products you use or sell in the restaurant. You may not represent that products sold
from your restaurant are approved or endorsed by any element of the United States government.
If your restaurant will be located at a NEXCOM location under the License Agreement, you will not sign a
Sublease. Instead, and you will sign the Franchise Agreement and NEXCOM Rider with us which grants you a
sublicense under the License Agreement to operate the restaurant from a location designated under the License
Agreement. Under the Franchise Agreement, as amended by the NEXCOM Rider, the costs and obligations of the
License Agreement are passed through to you. We will collect the commission fee through your pre-authorized
account and send it to NEXCOM. You will bear the cost of sales and use tax, gross receipt taxes, registration fees,
and similar amounts applicable to the License Agreement. NEXCOM may terminate the License Agreement, or
terminate the right to operate from a location identified in the License Agreement at any time. Your compensation
for termination is limited to the remaining unamortized value of improvements for the balance of the term.
NEXCOM may also need to approve your insurance source to ensure that the coverage meets the requirements
specified in the License Agreement.

5

