EXHIBIT A-15
Form of Pepsi Participation Agreement
(U.S.)
Supplier Name

(“Supplier”);

Registered Address:
Subway® Franchisee Name/Company Name:

, (‘Franchisee’).

Franchisee Address/Company Registered Office:
Restaurant Address (if different from above):

(‘Restaurant’).

Additional participating Restaurant list Attached
1. This participation agreement (‘Participation Agreement’) is made between Supplier and Franchisee
as of the date of signature by Franchisee below (the “Effective Date”) and sets out the terms and
conditions agreed between Supplier and Franchisee concerning the Products listed on Exhibit 1 hereto
that have been approved by Franchisor to be sold at Restaurants and which will be supplied to
Distribution Centers approved by Franchisor, and then purchased by Franchisee for delivery to
Franchisee’s Restaurant(s). In addition, Franchisee is required by Supplier to sign an Equipment Loan
Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit 2, which will set the terms for equipment to be installed by
Supplier or Supplier’s authorized bottler or authorized service provider. The Participation Agreement
consists of the following documents: (a) Participation Agreement and (b) incorporated Exhibits as listed
below, and as may be amended from time to time. This participation agreement (‘Participation
Agreement’) is made between Supplier and Franchisee as of the date of signature by Franchisee below
(the “Effective Date”) and sets out the terms and conditions agreed between Supplier and Franchisee
concerning the Products listed on Exhibit 1 hereto that have been approved by Franchisor to be sold at
Restaurants and which will be supplied to Distribution Centers approved by Franchisor, and then
purchased by Franchisee for delivery to Franchisee’s Restaurant(s). In addition, Franchisee is required
by Supplier to sign an Equipment Loan Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit 2, which will set the
terms for equipment to be installed by Supplier or Supplier’s authorized bottler or authorized service
provider. The Participation Agreement consists of the following documents: (a) Participation
Agreement and (b) incorporated Exhibits as listed below, and as may be amended from time to time.
2. By signing this Participation Agreement, the individual signing represents that they are authorized to
sign on Franchisee’s behalf and has read this Participation Agreement in its entirety.
3. This Participation Agreement allows Franchisees to participate in the program set out in an agreement
(“Beverage Supply Agreement”) commencing and entered into between Supplier and Doctor’s
Associates LLC (“Subway Franchisor”).
4. None of the parties to this Participation Agreement shall have the right to assign, sub-contract, transfer,
change or deal in any manner with this Participation Agreement, or any of its rights under it, without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed).
5. Under the Beverage Supply Agreement, Supplier and Subway Franchisor have agreed to certain
funding obligations and/or fees which Supplier will pay to Subway Franchisor and its supply chain
manager as such funds or fees may be accrued throughout the term of the Beverage Supply Agreement.
By entering into this Participation Agreement, Franchisee may be eligible to receive certain incentives

