personal information. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
information on our privacy practices.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Guests
When you use Subway Services, we may ask you to provide certain personal
information. The personal information we collect from you depends on the nature of
your interaction with us or the Subway Services you use, but may include the following:
 Contact Information. We may collect personal and/or business contact
information including your first name, last name, mailing address, delivery
address, telephone number, email address, and other similar data.
 Payment Information. If you make a purchase online, you will be required to
provide a credit/debit card number and related financial information (such as
expiration date, security code and billing address), or other payment information
(such as your Subway® Card), depending on the form of payment you choose.
 Account Information. We collect information such as your username and
password when you create a Subway® account, access our online services, or
buy our products. Account information may also include how you purchased or
signed up for Subway Services, your transactions, billing and support history for
the Subway Services you use and anything else related to the account you
create. This includes information pertaining to your use of Subway® Cards and
your participation in Subway® MVP Rewards or Subway Rewards®, including all
related transactions, both in-restaurant and online, whether that information is
obtained directly from you or through a service provider we have engaged to help
provide those programs.
 Usage Data. This is the personal information we collect about you when you are
using Subway Services, which may include information about the date and time
of your logins and details of your use of third-party applications and advertising
you receive.
 Marketing and Communications. We may also collect your preferences in
receiving marketing from us and our partners.
 Security Credentials. We collect user IDs, passwords, email, and similar
security information required for authentication and access to your Subway®
accounts.
 Information through Social Media. You may be given the option to link to your
Facebook or other social media accounts through Subway Services. Your use of
these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you,
depending on the feature. For example, these features may collect your IP
address and information about pages you visit on our site and may set a cookie
to enable the feature to function properly. They may also allow social media
services to provide us information about you, including your name, email
address, and other contact information. The information we receive is dependent
upon your privacy settings with the social media network. We encourage you to
review the privacy policies and settings on the social media services you use to

3

