Part II – School Lunch Program
If you checked (5), above, the following provisions apply to your Franchise Agreement:
A.

The Restaurant will be located at the Approved Location listed in the Key Contract Data page of the
Franchise Agreement (the “School”).

B.

Your Franchise Fee is reduced to $0. This Franchise Fee supersedes any other Franchise Fee noted within
this Agreement.

C.

Gross sales will only include sales or revenues from the Subway® Restaurant area of the School, including
any permitted catering and delivery within the School, derived from the operation of the Restaurant. The
parties agree food and beverages commonly found in a school cafeteria may be sold in other areas of the
School. Any fountain drink sales will only be included in gross sales if they occur within the Subway®
Restaurant area or in a Subway® logoed cup.

D.

We will provide a training program for establishing and operating a Restaurant in the School using the
System. We, our Affiliate, or the BD, may conduct the training program locally. Training will be at a
location or at locations the person providing the training selects, which may include the School, or other
Subway® Restaurants and may include web-based courses. You acknowledge that you might not attend the
training program described in our Disclosure Document. You agree the local, reduced training program will
satisfy our training obligation to you under the Franchise Agreement, including under Section 6. You will
pay any transportation, lodging, and other expenses to attend the training program.

E.

In regard to the opening of the Restaurant:
i.

If you are providing the premises at the School for the Restaurant, we do not require a Sublease or
an Approved Lease, and all references to the Sublease or Approved Lease in this Agreement are
deemed deleted. You will be required to construct and equip the Restaurant to the specifications
contained in the Operations Manual and open for business within two (2) years from the date of
this Agreement, or this Agreement will automatically expire.

ii.

If you do not control the location where the Restaurant will be located, you must also sign a license,
contract, or lease (“License”). The License must give you the right to conduct the Restaurant
business in the school location. You must construct and equip the Restaurant to the specifications
contained in the Operations Manual and open for business within two (2) years from the date of
this Agreement, or this Agreement will automatically expire. All references to the Sublease in this
Agreement are deemed deleted and replaced with the term License.

iii.

You do not have the right to extend the time to open the Restaurant.

iv.

You acknowledge the franchise is granted for the specific school location identified above which
you found and we approved.

F.

In regard to Training and Operational Assistance, Sections 6.A. and 6.B. of the Franchise Agreement
are replaced with the following:
i.

Before the Restaurant opens, we will train you (or your Designated Manager(s), as that term is
defined in Section 10.J), or manager of cafeteria services and the manager of the Restaurant (if a
different person) (the “Manager”), on establishing and independently operating a Subway®
7

DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

