prospective franchisees submitted by the BD, from terminating or refusing to renew the BD Contract indefinitely
(unless Claimant commits a material, uncured breach), and prohibiting DAL from unilaterally modifying
Claimant’s BD compensation, along with money damages, pre- and post-judgment interest, reasonable attorney’s
fees and costs, punitive damages, and further relief as deemed proper. Respondent denies the allegations and filed
its Answer and Affirmative Defenses on November 10, 2022. On June 1, 2023, the Claimant and DAL entered
into a confidential settlement, termination and release agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to the
termination of the BD Contract and DAL paid Claimant $4,000,000. On June 5, 2023, the Claimant withdrew all
claims in the arbitration with prejudice.
38) Sharon Peskett, on behalf of herself and all others similar situated, Plaintiff v. Doctor’s Associates, Inc., d/b/a
Subway, Defendant (Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles)(Case No:
23STCV04783). On March 3, 2023, Plaintiff filed a putative class action alleging the franchised Subway
restaurant she visited misstated menu prices by charging a 5% “Service Fee.” The purported class is all persons
who made a purchase at a Subway restaurant and were charged a similar “Service Fee.” The complaint alleges
violation of California’s Unfair Competition Law; violation of Connecticut’s Unfair Trade Practices Act; and,
breach of contract, and seeks monetary damages, restitution, and injunctive and declaratory relief. Defendant has
not yet responded to the complaint. The parties agreed to a confidential Settlement as of July 5, 2023, wherein
Defendant agreed to pay the Plaintiff $1,000 in exchange for full releases and dismissal of the matter, without
admission of any wrongdoing by either party.
39) Sang W. Ji, et al., Claimants, v. Franchise World Headquarters, LLC, Respondents (American Arbitration
Association Case No. 01-22-0005-0163). On November 30, 2022, Claimants, a group of Subway franchisees, filed
this demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association in Bridgeport, Connecticut. They seek a
declaratory judgment that they renewed their franchise agreements on either: (a) the same terms of their contracts
in effect at the time of expiration; or, alternatively, (b) the form of franchise agreement offered by DAL at the
time of expiration. We assert that for the Claimants to renew their franchises, they must sign our current form of
franchise agreement since they failed to do so previously. We signed Settlement and Extension Agreements with
seven of the franchisees, and the matter concluded October 24, 2024. Two claimants withdrew from the arbitration.
One franchisee filed an arbitration under William Butler v. Doctor’s Associates, LLC (American Arbitration
Association Case # 01-23-0004-1123), and another franchisee filed an arbitration under Jeffrey Offutt v. Doctor’s
Associates, LLC (American Arbitration Association Case # 01-24-0008-8333)
40) A. Heather Deruelle, et al. v. Subway Restaurants, Inc., (U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North
Carolina)(Case No. 1:24-cv-941). On November 12, 2024, plaintiff filed a proposed class action lawsuit alleging
FWH (Subway Restaurants, Inc. is not an entity) and affiliates misleadingly advertised the amount of meat
included in certain sandwiches, and more specifically the Steak and Cheese, asserting claims of false, deceptive,
and misleading advertising and marketing in violation of the North Carolina Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices
Act, unjust enrichment and breach of express warranty. Without any admission of wrongdoing, the matter along
with LaGarris was settled by Omnibus agreement for $40,000 on February 13, 2025 and the case was dismissed.
B. LaGarris Montgomery et al v. Subway Restaurants Inc. (U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania)(Case No. 2:24-cv-06048) on November 12, 2024, plaintiff filed a proposed class action lawsuit
alleging FWH (Subway Restaurants, Inc. is not an entity) and affiliates misleadingly advertised the amount of
meat included in certain sandwiches, and more specifically the Steak and Cheese, asserting claims of false,
deceptive, and misleading advertising and marketing in violation of the Pennsylvania Unfair Trade Practices and
Consumer Protection Law and unjust enrichment. Without any admission of wrongdoing, this matter along with
Deruelle was settled by Omnibus agreement for $40,000 on February 13, 2025 and the case was dismissed.
41) Doctor’s Associates LLC and Subway IP LLC v. Lyudmila Khononov, United States District Court, Eastern
District of New York, Case Number 1:22-cv-07637-FB-RML. On December 25, 2022, Doctor’s Associates LLC
and Subway IP LLC filed a complaint against former Subway franchisee Lyudmilia Khononov after she closed
her Subway Restaurant and reopened a sandwich restaurant called URWAY SUBS in the same location. The
claim seeks damages and injunctive relief for breach of the franchise agreement post term covenant not to compete,
breach of the franchise agreement post-term obligation to dis-identify, common law competition, violation of the
Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, and violation of NY General Business Law. Plaintiffs also filed a motion
for preliminary injunction, which was denied. On January 5, 2023, Defendant filed counterclaims against Plaintiff
for common law fraud, intentional misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, and breach
14

