Franchise Agreement, the personal property may then be removed by Sublicensee or
Sublicensor provided that the Premises are restored to their original condition, reasonable
wear and tear excepted. Any such personal property not removed within thirty (30) days
after the Sublicense expiration or termination shall be deemed abandoned and become
the property of Sublicensor.
2.4.2

3

Joint Inspection. During a period no earlier than three (3) weeks and no later than one
(1) week prior to the end of the Term, Sublicensor and Sublicensee shall conduct a joint
inspection of the Premises, and Sublicensor shall make a list of any items of repair and
maintenance that may be needed to put the Premises in good condition and repair,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. If the items on such list cannot be completed by
Sublicensee by the end of the Term, then Sublicensee shall pay to Sublicensor by the end
of the Term the reasonable cost of such repairs as evidenced by third-party bids.
Sublicensee’s obligation to make such payment shall survive the termination of this
Sublicense.

CONSIDERATION
3.1

License Fees. Sublicensee agrees to pay to Sublicensor or its designee the base license fees
indicated on Exhibit B (the “Base License Fees”), to be due and payable in monthly installments
in advance on the first day of each month during the Term of this Sublicense. If no Base License
Fees are included on Exhibit B, or if Sublicensor directs Sublicensee to do so, then Sublicensee
shall make all license fee payments directly to Master Licensor in the manner set forth in the
Master License until and unless Sublicensor directs Sublicensee to do otherwise. The first
monthly installment of the Base License Fees shall be due on the Commencement Date, or at the
time provided in the Master License if Sublicensee is to make license fee payments directly to
Sublicensor as provided above. If this Sublicense shall commence on any day other than the first
day of a calendar month, the monthly installment for the first and last month of the Term shall
be prorated.

3.2

Additional Charges. Sublicensee and Sublicensor agree that the license fees accruing under this
Sublicense shall be net to Sublicensor and that all taxes, costs, common area maintenance fees,
expenses and charges of every kind and nature (the “Additional Charges”) relating to the
Premises or payable under the Master License that may arise or become due during the Term or
any extension of this Sublicense, shall be paid by Sublicensee to Sublicensor or its designee
(which may be Master Licensor), and that Sublicensee shall indemnify and save harmless
Sublicensor from and against them. All Additional Charges that Sublicensee assumes or agrees
to pay under any provisions of this Sublicense, together with all interest and penalties that may
accrue on these Additional Charges in the event Sublicensee fails to pay them, as well as all other
damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and other
legal and court costs that Sublicensor may incur in enforcing this Sublicense, and any and all
other sums that may become due by reason of Sublicensee’s default or failure to comply with its
obligations under this Sublicense, shall be deemed to be “Additional License Fees”. The Base
License Fees and Additional License Fees shall collectively be referred to herein as the “License
Fees”. In the event of non-payment of License Fees in any form, Sublicensor shall have all rights
and remedies provided herein and under law.

3.3

Method of Payment. Sublicensee must make all payments to Sublicensor or its designee (which
may be Master Licensor) by the method or methods that Sublicensor requires from time to time.
Sublicensee shall make any payment required under this Sublicense directly to Sublicensor, its
designee (which may be Master Licensor), its affiliate(s), or to a bank or such other financial
institution account that Sublicensor specifies, at the times and with the frequency that Sublicensor
3

