SUBLEASE
THIS SUBLEASE (the “Sublease”), is made on the date shown on the cover page hereof (the
“Sublease Date”), by and between SUBWAY REAL ESTATE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, (“Sublandlord”), and the party identified as Subtenant in the Key Contract Data at the beginning
of this Sublease.
In consideration of the covenants contained in this Sublease, the parties agree as follows:
1

PROPERTY LEASED
1.1

Demise. Sublandlord leases to Subtenant and Subtenant leases from Sublandlord the premises
described in the Master Lease (defined below) attached hereto (the “Premises”), subject to any
and all reservations, restrictions, easements, rights of way, limitations and conditions of record,
if any. The purpose of this Sublease is so that Subtenant can operate a Subway® restaurant under
the terms of a Franchise Agreement with Doctor's Associates LLC (“DAL”) dated as shown in
the Key Contract Data at the beginning of this Sublease, and under the franchise number shown
on the cover page hereof (“Franchise Agreement”).

1.2

Master Lease. Subtenant acknowledges that the Premises are subject to a lease between
Sublandlord as tenant and the landlord identified therein (the “Master Landlord”), a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Master Lease”). Subtenant acknowledges that
Exhibit A contains a true and correct copy of the Master Lease. Any conflict between this Section
1.2 and the other provisions of this Sublease shall be resolved in favor of this Section 1.2.
1.2.1

This Sublease is subject and subordinate to the Master Lease. If the Master Lease is
terminated for any cause whatsoever, Subtenant shall promptly vacate and surrender the
Premises to Sublandlord and this Sublease shall terminate as of the date of termination
of the Master Lease and Sublandlord shall have no liability and/or obligation to
Subtenant for the termination of the Sublease.

1.2.2

Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs, common area maintenance fees, expenses,
charges, assessments, and rent escalations accruing under the Master Lease, any
restrictions imposed upon Sublandlord thereunder, together with all repairs,
replacements, restorations, and any other obligations required to be performed by
Sublandlord, as tenant under the Master Lease, shall be binding upon Subtenant herein.
In the event the obligations and restrictions imposed on Subtenant under the Sublease
conflict with the obligations and restrictions imposed upon Sublandlord as tenant under
the Master Lease, then the more burdensome and restrictive of such obligations and
restrictions shall prevail and be binding upon Subtenant herein.

1.2.3

With respect to any consent or approval required to be obtained of Master Landlord under
the Master Lease (by way of illustration and without limitation, consent to alterations),
Sublandlord’s sole obligation with respect thereto, upon being requested in writing by
Subtenant, shall be to seek the approval or consent of Master Landlord. Subtenant
acknowledges and agrees that Sublandlord shall not be liable to Subtenant with respect
to any delay, default or failure of Master Landlord to grant such consent or approval or
in the performance by the Master Landlord of its obligations and covenants under the
Master Lease unless such be due to acts or misconduct of Sublandlord and neither shall
the Rent, Additional Rent or other Additional Charges under the Sublease abate nor shall
1

04/25 amended 12/25

