7.
Any disputes concerning the enforceability or scope of the arbitration clause are
delegated to the arbitrator for determination, except for Intellectual Property Claims. Any
arbitration will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §1, et seq. (“FAA”),
and the parties agree that the FAA preempts any state law restrictions (including the site of the
arbitration) on the enforcement of the arbitration clause in this Agreement. If the FAA has been
repealed or modified such that it no longer applies to this Agreement, then any disputes shall be
resolved in accordance with applicable law governing this Agreement. The parties agree to waive
any right to disclaim or contest this pre-dispute arbitration agreement.
8.
A party will be in default of this Agreement if it i) commences action in any court
in violation of this sub-section prior to an arbitrator’s final decision (except as otherwise allowed
by this Agreement, including to compel arbitration), or ii) commences litigation in any forum
except where permitted by this sub-section. The defaulting party will also be responsible for the
expenses the other party incurs to enforce this sub-section, including but not limited to filing fees,
court costs, reasonable attorneys’ fees and travel expenses. However, if a court of competent
jurisdiction deems the arbitration clause unenforceable after all appeals have been exhausted, the
defaulting party will not be responsible for such costs.
9.
Subject to federal or state law, if a party defaults under sub-section G, including,
but not limited to, making a claim for special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or multiple
damages, or damages in excess of the amount permitted, the defaulting party must correct its claim
and will be responsible for all expenses incurred by the other party, including attorneys' fees, and
will be liable for abuse of process.
10.
The parties agree that all statutes of limitations and deadlines provided for in the
governing law that is applied to the arbitration shall have full force and effect, unless a shorter
limitations period is provided in sub-section H and is enforceable under applicable law.
L.
Binding Effect. This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, assigns and successors in interest.
M.
Survival. All of your (and your owners’) obligations which expressly or by their nature
survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding its expiration or termination until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.
N.
Construction. This Agreement (including the preambles and Background Information),
the exhibits, schedules and attachments hereto, and the documents referred to herein, constitute the entire
and complete agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede any and
all prior agreements between the parties, and there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements
between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Nothing in this or in any related
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in the franchise disclosure
document that we furnished to you.
The headings of the several Sections and sub-sections hereof are for convenience only and do not
define, limit or construe the contents of such Sections or sub-sections and shall not be taken into account in
this Agreement’s construction or interpretation. References to dollars ($) in this Agreement refer to the
lawful money of the United States of America. No previous course of dealing or usage in the trade not
specifically set forth in this Agreement will be admissible to explain, modify, or contradict this Agreement.
O.
Joint and Several Liability. Each individual signing this Agreement as the franchisee will
be jointly and severally liable.
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

38

