When you use the SubwayPOS® software, you will be bound by the SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement in a
form substantially similar to Exhibit A-3. We may make changes to this license agreement at any time in order to keep
pace with advances in technology and other initiatives, and you may be required to agree to our then current form of
SubwayPOS® End User License Agreement in order to access required software updates.
Support for the required software programs is available from our affiliate, FWH, for an additional fee. You are required
to use support software we designate unless you request and are granted a waiver. Currently, this software is BigFix
Endpoint Management Software (“BigFix”). We will use this software to remotely access your POS system with your
consent in order to maintain system security, perform routine system maintenance, provide technical support, increase
operational efficiency, install updates to software programs and/or applications, and install or remove software programs
and/or applications. If you receive a waiver, we or our affiliate may not be able to provide you with proper software
support, and we or our affiliate may charge you additional fees to provide you with any updates to the SubwayPOS®
software through alternative means.
You are also required to use the Subway® Payment Manager (“SPM”) software in connection with offering integrated
credit/debit, contactless and mobile device guest payment options, Subway® Gift Card Program and Sub Club Program.
The initial license fee and any maintenance fees for the SPM software are included in the fees reflected in the chart
above.
Note 15. Required Guest Payment Options, Subway® Gift Card Program, Sub Club Program, and Other Technology
and Digital Initiatives. These fees represent the costs associated with the offering of integrated credit/debit, contactless
and mobile device guest payment options to your guests and your participation in the required Subway® Gift Card
Program and Sub Club Program. You will be required to participate in these programs and payment options for all of
your new and existing restaurants, unless we grant you a waiver.
You are required to use the integrated payment solution we designate, which includes use of a designated acquirer and
processor for payment processing services, in all of your new and existing restaurants, unless we grant you a waiver.
We may require you to use a different integrated payment solution provider than the one designated in this Item 6. If we
do so, you may be required to pay fees to the alternative provider (or to us or our affiliates on the provider’s behalf) that
are different from the fees for “Required Payment Options” set forth in the table above.
Until approximately Q3 2025, you will be required to purchase the P400 payment terminal kit from a third party we
designate for a one-time fee of $323.30. If you have technical issues with your terminal, our approved supplier may
replace the terminal. If you fail to return your terminal within a specified time (currently 25 days), then the supplier may
charge us a fee (currently $150), that we or our affiliate will pass on to you.
Our Global Payments Program will be required starting in approximately Q3 2025. This program utilizes a payments
orchestrator to allow restaurants to connect to multiple payment processors and avoid delays in processing credit and
debit card payments. The approved Payments Orchestrator is FreedomPay and the two approved Payment Processors
are WorldPay and Fiserv. You are required to lease a terminal for each restaurant at a cost of $10 per month, which will
be replaced automatically at the end of their useful life, at no additional cost.
If you operate a non-traditional restaurant and are required to purchase an SVS issued/configured terminal, you must
pay an initial fee of $320. If you have technical issues with your terminal, SVS may replace the terminal. If you fail to
return your terminal within a specified time (currently 30 days), then SVS may charge us a fee for shipping, installation,
and file-building.
You must have a high-speed broadband connection that meets our standards and specifications to process card payments.
You are required to accept the following credit card and debit card brands, unless we grant you a waiver: VISA,
MasterCard, Discover and American Express. The Acquirer, Network, and Interchange fees will be charged for all credit
and debit card purchases regardless of whether they are made remotely through the remote order website, Subway®
mobile app or other payment app, or the catering call center (“Card Not Present Transactions”) or in-restaurant (“Card
Present Transactions”). The Network and Interchange fees vary depending upon the credit card or debit card brand and
type of transaction. These fees may be re-negotiated over time and are subject to change.
43

