time you or your employees are on the Premises. Upon our written request, you will make photocopies or
electronic copies of all documentation or electronic data that we request and forward them to us or our
representatives as we designate. We will reimburse you for the reasonable cost of copying this information.
If we notified you in writing of an audit at least five (5) days in advance and you fail to produce your books
and records at the time of the audit, you will be responsible for all costs we incur, including, without
limitation, the charges of any independent accountant, the compensation of our employees or
representatives, and attorneys’ fees.
E.
We shall have the right, at any time, to audit, or have an independent audit made, of your
books. If we or an independent auditor determine, after conducting an audit, that you under-reported Gross
Sales by more than two percent (2%) of your reported Gross Sales, you will pay us the Royalty Fees,
Advertising Contributions and other charges due on the Gross Sales that were not reported, plus all costs
associated with conducting the audit and collecting the unpaid amounts, including without limitation
mediation and arbitration fees, court costs, lawyers' fees, accountants’ and other professionals’ fees,
management preparation time, witness fees, and travel expenses, plus interest and late fees (the “Overdue
Amount”). If you fail to submit your information to be audited, we have the right to obtain the Restaurant’s
Gross Sales information and data directly from your POS System reports which you acknowledge and agree
we have a right to access. We will use those reports to determine any amount of the under-reported Gross
Sales and charge the Overdue Amount on that basis. In the event for any reason, we are unable to access
the necessary information through the POS System reports, we may estimate your sales and charge the
Overdue Amount based upon the estimate. The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other
remedies we may have.
F.
At any time during the Term, you authorize us to conduct credit checks or investigative
background searches on you which may reveal information about your business experience, educational
background, criminal record, civil judgments, property ownership, liens, associations with other
individuals, creditworthiness, and job performance.
17.

Corporation, Limited Liability Company or Partnership Franchisee.

A.
Corporate Franchisee. Except as otherwise approved by us in writing, if you are a
corporation, you shall (i) confine your activities, and your governing documents shall at all times provide
that your activities are confined, exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish us
with your articles of incorporation and bylaws as well as such other documents that we may reasonably
request, including the Owner’s Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit
A, executed by all current beneficial owners of any class of voting stock; (iii) maintain stop transfer
instructions on your records against the transfer of any equity securities and only issue securities upon the
face of which a legend, in a form satisfactory to us, appears which references the transfer restrictions
imposed by this Agreement; (iv) not issue any voting securities or securities convertible into voting
securities without our prior written approval, which approval shall be conditioned on, among other things,
the new shareholder(s)’s (and all new beneficial owners’) execution of an Owner’s Guaranty and
Assumption of Franchisee Obligations, attached as Exhibit A; and (v) maintain a current list of all owners
of record and all beneficial owners of any class of voting stock and furnish the list to us upon request. For
the avoidance of doubt, the governing documents of all parent or holding entities are also at all times subject
to our review and must at all times be consistent with the foregoing guidelines and restrictions.
B.
Limited Liability Company Franchisee. If you are a limited liability company, you shall:
(i) confine your activities, and your governing documents shall at all times provide that your activities are
confined, exclusively to operating one or more Subway® Restaurants; (ii) furnish us with your articles of
organization and operating agreement, as well as such other documents as we may reasonably request, and
any amendments thereto; (iii) prepare and furnish to us, upon request, a current list of all members and
DAL 04/25 amended 12/25

21

