Part IV – Satellite Restaurant
If you checked (8), above, the following provisions apply to your Franchise Agreement:
A.

Your Satellite Restaurant will be (check one):
i.

____ Short Term Satellite Restaurant

ii.

____ Standard Satellite Restaurant

Where not specified, the term “Satellite Restaurant” refers to a Short Term Satellite Restaurant or a Standard
Satellite Restaurant.
B.

You understand the Satellite Restaurant will not be a full restaurant. The Satellite Restaurant will only
operate with the support of and together with the existing Base Restaurant, as provided in the Operations
Manual, except with our specific written approval. You understand this Agreement and any guidelines we
set for how close a satellite restaurant should be to its base restaurant do not grant you any territorial rights,
and there are no radius restrictions or minimum population requirements which limit where we can license
or open another Subway® restaurant, including any satellite restaurant, unless provided under local law.

C.

The Franchise Fee is:
i.

Short Term Satellite Restaurant: $1,000

ii.

Standard Satellite Restaurant: $5,000

D.

The persons signing this Agreement as franchisee must be identical at all times to the persons who are the
parties to the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, as reflected in our records.

E.

You understand that the Base Restaurant and all other restaurants that you own must be in substantial
compliance with the Operations Manual and the Franchise Agreement.

F.

In regard to the Sublease for the Restaurant:
i.

You acknowledge you found the location and we granted approval to it. We or you may terminate
this Agreement by written notice after 90 days from the Agreement Date, or earlier if we and you
agree, if we or an Affiliate we designate cannot offer you a Sublease. We will refund the Franchise
Fee to you if we or you terminate this Agreement for the above reason, unless it is your fault our
designee cannot offer you a Sublease. We will not refund the Franchise Fee if we or our designee
enter into a lease or a license containing basic economic terms (e.g. rent, square footage, length of
term) you previously consented to and you then do not sign the offered Sublease. If we or our
designee offer you a Sublease, you must sign the Sublease within 90 days after the date of this
Agreement or this Agreement will automatically expire at the end of the 90-day period. We will
not grant you an extension or refund the Franchise Fee if this Agreement automatically expires.

ii.

If you are operating a Short Term Satellite Restaurant, the term of you Lease will not exceed 1 year.

iii.

You understand and acknowledge we do not now have any training program specific to satellite
restaurants, but may in the future, and you agree to attend any required satellite training program.
12

DAL Franchise Agreement Rider – 04/25 amended 12/25

