lack of jurisdiction. On October 24, 2025, DAL, FWH, AND SRE filed a Motion to Stay Beris’ Motion to Dismiss,
pending a decision on its Motion to Remand, which was granted on November 21, 2025. On November 10, 2025,
Counsel for the Beris withdrew as their attorney. The Court ordered the Beris to obtain new counsel or appear
pro se by December 20, 2025.
11) 5002090 Ontario Inc. and Asif Ali v. Take 5 Canada SPV LP, Bruno Piva, Noah Pollack, and Jonathan Fitzpatrick,
Court File No. CV-22-00692201-0000, in the Superior Court of Justice of the Province of Ontario. On December
23, 2022, 5002090 Ontario Inc. and its director, Asif Ali (collectively, “Ali”), the former franchisee of a Take 5
Oil Change® centre in Ontario, Canada (previously operated as a Pro Oil Change® centre until its conversion),
filed a Statement of Claim against the current franchisor of Take 5 Oil Change® centres in Canada, Take 5 Canada,
Take 5 Canada’s Director, Chief Executive Officer, and President (and CARSTAR’s Manager, Chief Executive
Officer, and President), Mr. Fitzpatrick, Take 5 Canada’s franchise broker, Mr. Piva, and a former Take 5 Canada
(and CARSTAR) executive, Mr. Pollack, alleging breach of the disclosure and fair dealing provisions of the
Arthur Wishart Act (Franchise Disclosure), 2000 and, alternatively, negligent misrepresentation, as well as breach
of good faith. Ali alleges that, when he purchased the Take 5 Oil Change® centre from a then-Pro Oil Change®
centre franchisee, he believed that, on the basis of the franchise disclosures that he received from Take 5 Canada
and an alleged verbal agreement with a Take 5 Canada representative, he was receiving a full 10-year term to
operate the Take 5 Oil Change® centre. According to the Statement of Claim, Ali entered into a loan agreement
in connection with his purchase of the Take 5 Oil Change® centre, the terms of which included “a minimum
timeframe of 7 years.” Ali alleges, however, that his franchise agreement was terminated after less than 2 years
based on his failure to provide the required notice to renew. Ali contends that he does not have copies of any
assignment agreement with the prior franchisee, any sublease with Take 5 Canada for the Take 5 Oil Change®
centre premises, or other Take 5 Oil Change® centre-related agreements referenced in Take 5 Canada’s notice of
termination. Ali alleges that he sold the Take 5 Oil Change® centre assets when Take 5 Canada threatened legal
action if he failed to vacate the Take 5 Oil Change® centre premises. Ali claims that his lender subsequently
commenced legal action against him for defaulting on the Take 5 Oil Change® centre-related loan and, as part of
a settlement, he was required to pay the lender certain amounts. Ali seeks damages (including punitive damages)
of at least CAN$368,000, interest, declarations that Take 5 Canada’s franchise disclosures were invalid and void
and that the above-referenced assignment agreement (if it exists) is void, and costs of the action. Take 5 Canada
delivered a Statement of Defense in April 2023. To Take 5 Canada’s knowledge, none of the individual defendants
have been served with the Statement of Claim, and it is unclear if Ali intends to continue pursuing this litigation.
Take 5 Canada and the other defendants are defending this action.
12) Genesee County Employees’ Retirement System v. Driven Brands Holdings Inc., et al., United States District
Court for the Western District of North Carolina (Charlotte Division), Case No. 3:23-cv-00895-MOC-DCK, filed
December 22, 2023. Genesee County Employees’ Retirement System filed a putative class action lawsuit in the
U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina (the “Court”) against Driven Brands Holdings, as
well as former Chief Executive Officer and President of Driven Brands, Jonathan Fitzpatrick, and a former
executive of Driven Brands Holdings, Tiffany Mason (collectively, the “Individual Defendants”) for violations of
Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) by Driven Brands
Holdings, as well as violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act by the Individual Defendants. Genesee
County Employees’ Retirement System alleges that Driven Brands Holdings failed to disclose information that
allegedly resulted in material misstatements about Driven Brands Holdings’ business and prospects in its quarterly
filings. Genesee County Employees’ Retirement System seeks unspecified compensatory damages, costs and
expenses, and an award of equitable relief, as the Court considers appropriate. Genesee County Employees’
Retirement System, Oakland County Employees’ Retirement System, and Oakland County Voluntary Employees’
Beneficiary Association (collectively, the “Michigan Funds”) moved for appointment as lead plaintiffs. The
Michigan Funds purport to represent a class of stockholders who purchased Driven Brands Holdings shares
between October 27, 2021 and August 1, 2023. On May 31, 2024, the Court appointed the Michigan Funds as
lead plaintiffs. On August 13, 2024, the Michigan Funds filed an amended complaint and, on October 14, 2024,
Driven Brands Holdings filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On February 20, 2025, the Court denied
the motion. Driven Brands Holdings disputes the allegations of wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend
against the action.
13) Terwilliger v. Fitzpatrick, et al., United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina (Charlotte
Division), Case No. 3:25-cv-00019, filed January 10, 2025. Daniel Terwilliger filed a purported derivative
6

