HEADQUARTERS. WE AND YOU (AND EACH OWNER) IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE
JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO EITHER THE
JURISDICTION OF OR VENUE IN THOSE COURTS.
K.

Arbitration.

1.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the
breach thereof, or the business relationship between the parties will be settled by arbitration to be
administered by either the American Arbitration Association or its successor (“AAA”). AAA will
administer the arbitration in accordance with its administrative rules (including, as applicable, the
Commercial Rules of the AAA and the Expedited Procedures of such rules). If AAA is no longer
in business, then the parties will mutually agree upon an alternative administrative arbitration
agency. If the parties cannot mutually agree, then the parties agree to take the matter to a court of
competent jurisdiction to select the agency. Judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction thereof. The costs of the arbitration will be shared equally by the
parties, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. The parties also agree that neither party
will pursue class claims or group or collective actions. The parties further agree not to consolidate
the arbitration with any other proceedings, except for arbitrations in which you and we are the sole
parties. The parties will honor validly served subpoenas, warrants and court orders.
2.
The parties further agree that in cases where the amount in controversy is One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) or less the only depositions will be for the sole purpose of
preserving testimony. In other cases, the right to, and extent of, any depositions will be determined
by agreement of the parties, or by the arbitrator. In all cases any documents exchanged between the
parties as part of the discovery process must be returned or destroyed (with proof of destruction)
within thirty (30) days of final judgment or dismissal of the arbitration.
3.
The parties agree that the city where we then have our headquarters at the time of
the commencement of the arbitration will be the site for arbitration. The arbitration shall be held
before one (1) arbitrator, who shall be chosen pursuant to the AAA rules for appointment of one
(1) arbitrator from the National Roster, except that in the event that either of the parties seeks
damages in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00), the arbitration shall be held before a
panel of three arbitrators. To compose the panel of three arbitrators, each party shall name one
arbitrator within fourteen (14) days of service of the Demand for Arbitration or Counterclaim
seeking damages in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00). The two chosen arbitrators
must perform his or her duties as a neutral, with impartiality and independence, and with diligence
and in good faith. The two arbitrators chosen by the parties shall, within thirty (30) days of the
appointment of the last arbitrator, appoint the chairperson of the panel from the National Roster
provided by the AAA.
4.
If you breach the terms of your Sublease, the Sublessor, whether us or our affiliate,
may exercise its rights under the Sublease, including your eviction from the Premises. Any action
brought by the Sublessor to enforce the Sublease, including actions brought pursuant to any crossdefault clause in the Sublease (which provides that a breach of this Agreement is a breach of the
Sublease) will not be an arbitrable dispute and will be adjudicated in the courts of the county and
state where the Premises is located. Without limitation, any security deposit that is returned to us
or our affiliate by the landlord may be applied to any amounts that you owe us under this
Agreement. The parties agree that you may seek a stay of any eviction brought under a cross-default
clause in the Sublease by filing a demand for arbitration in accordance with this sub-section within
thirty (30) days of the Sublessor’s commencement of the eviction. The stay shall be lifted upon
conclusion of the arbitration, and you may not seek a stay of eviction after the arbitration has
concluded. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not seek a stay of any eviction for any other type

