Sublease or Sublicense within 90 days of satellite franchise
purchase or the satellite Franchise Agreement expires, with no
right to any extension. If we allow you to operate a satellite
restaurant pursuant to Part I or II of the Franchise Agreement
Rider, you must open for business within 2 years after you sign
the satellite Franchise Agreement. The satellite Franchise
Agreement will automatically terminate, regardless of the
length of term remaining on the Franchise Agreement for the
Base Restaurant, if the lease for the satellite restaurant or Base
Restaurant expires or terminates. Either party may terminate
the satellite Franchise Agreement by notice if we or our
designee is not able to offer a Sublease or disapproves the
location within 90 days of franchise purchase.
Term for the satellite restaurant is for 1 year from the date of
the Franchise Agreement Rider for a Short Term Satellite
Restaurant or until the expiration or termination of the
Franchise Agreement for the Base Restaurant, whichever
occurs sooner. You must sign Sublease or Sublicense within
90 days of satellite franchise purchase or the satellite Franchise
Agreement expires, with no right to any extension. The
satellite Franchise Agreement will automatically terminate,
regardless of the length of term remaining on the Franchise
Agreement for the Base Restaurant, if the lease for the satellite
restaurant or Base Restaurant expires or terminates. Either
party may terminate the satellite Franchise Agreement by
notice if we or our designee is not able to offer a Sublease or
disapproves the location within 90 days of franchise purchase.
Dual Location Test
Rider

b.

Term is 20 years, but you must sign the Sublease for the Dual
Location Test Site within 30 days after we or our designee
offers it or your Franchise Agreement expires with no right to
any extension. If we or our designee is not able to offer a
Sublease or disapproves the location after 1 year of franchise
purchase, we or you may terminate the Franchise Agreement.
We will refund the franchise fee unless it was your fault we
disapprove the location or we or our designee cannot offer you
a Sublease.

Renewal or extension FA and MUFA Section You will have the right to renew for an additional 20-year term
of the term
3
provided that you meet certain criteria described below.
FAR Part II

If you are in full compliance, you may renew for five years.

FAR Part IV

Your franchise will automatically renew for an additional term
in line with the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement term.
We have the right to refuse to renew if you are not in full
compliance. If you dispute our notice of intent not to renew,
you must request to arbitrate the decision. Refer to Item 17.u.
for arbitration procedures.
Your franchise may be renewed for an additional 1 year term
by mutual agreement of the parties, provided you send written
notice at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the initial 1
year term. We have the right to refuse to renew if you are not
in full compliance. If you dispute our notice of intent not to
80

