EXHIBIT A-5-1
Auntie Anne’s Co-Brand 04/25 amended 12/25
ADDENDUM FOR AUNTIE ANNE’S® CO-BRANDED LOCATION
This Addendum amends and supplements the “Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Franchisees as Required by
the Federal Trade Commission” dated April 25, 2025, amended September 4, 2025, and amended December 1, 2025 (the
“Franchise Disclosure Document”) issued by Doctor’s Associates LLC. In the event of a conflict between the information
in this Addendum and any other addendum you are disclosed with by us, the information provided in this Addendum shall
prevail.
Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
Also, SRE has amended its Master Sublease Agreement with a third party associated with Walmart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”)
to sublease space for the operation of Subway® restaurants co-branded with AUNTIE ANNE’S® stores within the premises
of Walmart stores.
Co-Branded AUNTIE ANNE’S® Locations. We have entered into a co-branding agreement with Auntie Anne’s, Inc. to
permit qualified franchisees to establish AUNTIE ANNE’S® stores in connection with their Subway® restaurants located in
certain Walmart and non-traditional stores, as approved by us. Upon our approval we will permit qualified new and existing
franchisees to co-brand their Subway® restaurant with an AUNTIE ANNE’S® store either within the premises of retail
establishments owned by Walmart Stores, Inc. or within non-traditional locations (the “Co-Branded Locations”). These
Co-Branded Location franchises are sold for specific locations. Co-Branded Locations within non-traditional locations will
be offered on a limited basis. You must make your own inquiries about Auntie Anne’s, Inc. and the AUNTIE ANNE’S®
franchise. You will receive a separate Disclosure Document from Auntie Anne’s, Inc. and you will enter into a franchise
agreement with them, which has different terms than your Franchise Agreement with us (the “AA Franchise Agreement”).
You should review these documents in their entirety to obtain a better understanding of the AUNTIE ANNE’S® franchise
system. You will operate the AUNTIE ANNE’S® store as a direct franchisee of Auntie Anne’s, Inc. You will pay a franchise
fee directly to them or their designee. You will sign the AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider (Exhibit A-5) to address the different
conditions inherent in operating a Co-Branded Location (the “AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider”). If you are interested in a CoBranded Location, please review Exhibit A-5 carefully so you will be familiar with how the AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider will
affect your Franchise Agreement with us. You grant us a release under the AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider. We and Auntie
Anne’s, Inc. will be separately responsible to you under our respective franchise systems. We may act as a collection agent
for all other fees owed to Auntie Anne’s, Inc.’s under the terms of the AA Franchise Agreement. You will pay to us directly
under the AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider a fee equal to 12½ % of gross sales for all AUNTIE ANNE’S® product sold. We will
retain 6% of this amount as an additional royalty payment to us. We will deposit 3% of this amount into SFAFT. The
remaining 3 ½% of this amount will be paid directly to Auntie Anne’s, Inc. by us. In the future, we may alter the distribution
of these funds.
If your Co-Branded Location will be located in a Walmart Store, the Franchise Agreement will consist of our standard form
of the Franchise Agreement, AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider, and Walmart Location Rider. If your Co-Branded Location will be
located at a non-traditional site, the Franchise Agreement will consist of our standard form of the Franchise Agreement,
AUNTIE ANNE’S® Rider, and the Franchise Agreement Rider, if applicable. In addition, you will be required to sign all
agreements and riders required by Auntie Anne’s, Inc.
Item 2
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
We will pay Business Developers one third of the additional royalty payment we collect weekly for gross sales on
AUNTIE ANNE’S® products sold.
Item 6
OTHER FEES
1

