If Sublandlord does not notify Subtenant which remedy it is pursuing, or if Sublandlord’s notice
to Subtenant does not expressly state that Sublandlord is exercising its remedies under Section
8.3.1 or Section 8.3.3, then it shall be deemed that Sublandlord is pursuing the remedy set forth
in Section 8.3.2. If Sublandlord exercises the option in Section 8.3.1 or 8.3.2, Subtenant agrees
to immediately and peacefully surrender the Premises to Sublandlord, and if Subtenant refuses
to do so, Sublandlord may without further notice reenter the Premises either by force or otherwise
and dispossess Subtenant by summary proceedings or otherwise, as well as the legal
representative(s) of Subtenant and/or other occupant(s) of the Premises, and remove their effects.
8.4

Acceleration. If Sublandlord exercises the remedies in Section 8.3.3 of this Sublease, Subtenant
shall immediately pay to Sublandlord as damages for loss of the bargain caused by Subtenant’s
default, and not as a penalty, in addition to any other damages, an aggregate sum that represents
the present value of the full amount of the Rent, Additional Rent and all other Additional Charges
payable by Subtenant hereunder that would have accrued for the balance of the Term.

8.5

Suits. Suit or suits for the recovery of the deficiency or damage or for any installment or
installments of Rent, Additional Rent or any other charge due under this Sublease may be brought
by Sublandlord at any time or, at Sublandlord’s election, from time to time, and nothing in this
Sublease shall be deemed to require Sublandlord to wait until the Expiration Date to bring suit.

8.6

Waiver. Subtenant hereby expressly waives service of any notice of intention to reenter.
Subtenant hereby waives any and all rights to recover or to regain possession of the Premises or
to reinstate or to redeem this Sublease as permitted or provided by any statute, law or decision
now or hereafter in force and effect. No receipt of monies by Sublandlord from Subtenant after
the cancellation or termination of the Sublease shall reinstate, continue or extend the Sublease,
or affect any prior notice given to Subtenant or operate as a waiver of the right of Sublandlord to
enforce the payment of Rent and Additional Rent then due or subsequently falling due, or operate
as a waiver of the right of Sublandlord to recover possession of the Premises by suit, action,
proceeding or other remedy, and any and all moneys so collected shall be deemed to be payments
on account of the use and occupancy of the Premises, or at the election of Sublandlord, on account
of Subtenant’s liability under this Sublease.

8.7

Proof of Claim. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Sublandlord to prove
and obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or
dissolution proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law
governing such proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less than the
amount of the damages referred to in any of the preceding sections.

8.8

Injunction. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Subtenant of any of its Sublease
obligations, Sublandlord shall have the right to enjoin and restrain the breach and to invoke any
remedy allowed by law or in equity, in addition to other remedies provided in this Sublease.

8.9

Independent Rights. The rights and remedies of Sublandlord are distinct, separate and
cumulative, and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Sublandlord, shall be deemed to be
to the exclusion of any of the others.

8.10 Non-Waiver. The failure of Sublandlord to insist upon strict performance of any of Subtenant’s
obligations under this Sublease shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies that
Sublandlord may have and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default by
Subtenant. The exercise of any of Sublandlord’s options under the Sublease shall not be deemed
to be the exclusive remedy of Sublandlord.
12
04/25 amended 12/25

