Customer), including in respect of terms included or not included therein, and Customer waives
notice of any such terms. . The parties acknowledge that while the performance of some of
Customer’s duties hereunder may be performed by Supplier, Customer shall nonetheless be
exclusively liable to HTF for its obligations hereunder. Under Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”)
Article 2A Customer is entitled to the promises and warranties of Supplier given to HTF. Customer
may contact Supplier for an accurate and complete statement of those promises and warranties
and any disclaimers or limitations thereon.
5. Warranties and Disclaimers. Supplier and HTF do not represent or speak for one another,
nor are they each other’s agents. HTF assigns to Customer, during the Term, so long as no
Default is continuing, any assignable representations, warranties, and promises made by Supplier
or Manufacturer or any other third party in connection with the Equipment, but any claims arising
therefrom may only be pursued by Customer in its own name. HTF will reasonably cooperate with
Customer, at Customer’s request and expense, in pursuing any such claims and obtaining for
Customer the benefit of all such rights. Customer may communicate with Supplier or any third
party and receive an accurate and complete statement of those promises and warranties,
including any disclaimers and limitations thereon or on any remedies. HTF’s leasing (and
transfer, if any) of the Equipment to Customer and financing the Soft Cost Items for
Customer is As-Is, Where-Is, and without warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose or as to infringement, title, or other matters, except that so long as no
Default occurs HTF warrants it will not interfere with Customer’s quiet enjoyment of the Items
during the Term and HTF warrants any transfer of the Equipment to Customer to be free of liens
arising by, through, or under HTF (other than this Agreement). If a failure by HTF to materially
observe the foregoing warranty of quiet enjoyment continues for 10 days after notice, Customer
may in its absolute discretion exercise any one or more of the following remedies (which shall be
its exclusive remedies for such failure): (a) by notice terminate this Agreement (including its
obligation to pay Periodic Payments) as it relates to such Items; or (b) proceed in a separate
action at law to recover all direct damages suffered by Customer resulting from such failure. HTF
is not responsible for any consequential, special, or indirect damages of any kind relating to this
Agreement or any Items; provided, however, the foregoing limitation shall not be applicable to
any Customer loss arising out of HTF’s gross negligence, fraud or willful or intentional misconduct.
6. Covenants. (a) Customer will not remove the Equipment from the Location except Customer
may relocate the Equipment to another of its Subway franchise locations within the continental
United States of America if (and only if): Customer provides a minimum of 30 day written notice
to HTF, HTF has received all reasonably necessary information regarding the new location, and
DAL has consented to such relocation in writing and Customer has provided a copy of such
consent to HTF. (b) Customer shall use the Items only for the business purposes for which it was
designed, and in compliance with all applicable manufacturer operating standards. (c) Customer
shall comply with all laws applicable to it, or to the Items, including laws relating to hazardous
materials or the environment. (d) Within a reasonable amount of time, Customer must make any
alterations or additions to the Equipment which are provided by HTF or the Supplier at no
additional cost or that may be required for compliance with the preceding subsection which are
available from the Supplier or Maintenance Provider at no additional cost. Any alterations,
additions, or replacements will be HTF’s sole property. Customer will make no alterations,
additions, or replacements to the Equipment except as provided in this subsection or subsection
(c) above. (e) Customer will keep the Equipment useable, in good working order, clean,
cosmetically good, and in substantially the same condition as when shipped to Customer,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. (f) Customer will perform or obtain reasonable maintenance
or other similar services that may be needed for it to use or benefit from the Items.
7. Taxes. Customer will pay and reimburse HTF for (and on demand file for and pay directly), and
hold HTF harmless and defend HTF from, all taxes, fees, and assessments of any kind, including
penalties, fines, interest, license and registration fees, electronic waste, recycling, and other
environmental fees, and sales, use, and personal property taxes (without proration), whether
imposed on HTF or Customer or any of their affiliates, or on or relating to the Items, this
Agreement, or any related instrument, whether any of the foregoing amounts are assessed or
arise during the Term, or thereafter and fairly attributable to the Term (collectively, “Taxes”).
Unless HTF otherwise demands, HTF is exclusively entitled to file for and pay all personal
property Taxes on the Equipment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section,
Customer will not be responsible for HTF’s income taxes, or penalties, fines, or interest due to
HTF’s negligence. At HTF’s option, Customer will remit, along with the Periodic Payments under
this Agreement, a ratable portion HTF’s reasonable estimate of personal property Taxes it expects
to be assessed. Customer will remain responsible for any deficiency such Taxes are insufficient
to cover, and any surplus will be credited to Customer. If “up-front” sales or use Taxes or other
Taxes imposed at the inception of this Agreement are due in the state of Customer’s location,
Customer will finance such amounts hereunder at an interest rate equal to the implied rate of the
Lease. If an individual Tax-related liability or payment is less than $1,000, HTF may, and on
Customer’s request it will, certify to Customer the amount and existence of the liability, and such
certification shall be conclusive evidence thereof, sufficient for all purposes.
8. Indemnity. Customer will indemnify HTF for and hold harmless and defend HTF against: (i) all
third-party liabilities, damages, losses, penalties, expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs),
claims, and actions (including those based on strict liability, statute, regulation, common law, or
other legal theory) directly relating to Customer’s use, benefit, operation, purchase, ownership,
leasing, possession, maintenance, delivery, return or sale of the Items or Customer’s obligations
relating to this Agreement and arising or fairly relating to events occurring or conditions existing
at any time during the Term and Possession Period (collectively, “Third Party Claims”); and (ii)
damages, losses, and expenses (including attorney’s fees and costs) incurred by HTF in enforcing
its rights under this Agreement. However, Customer will not be liable under this section for the
net price of the Items to be paid to Supplier after this Agreement requires HTF to pay it, and
Customer will not be liable to a person or entity to the extent of that person or entity’s negligence
or willful misconduct.
9. End-of-Term. With at least 90 days’ notice to HTF before the end of the Term Customer may
elect to: (a) return all (and not less than all) of the Equipment, in which case Customer will continue
paying Periodic Payments through the end of the Term and it will properly deinstall, pack,

transport, and deliver the Equipment to a US location designated by HTF so as to be received by
HTF at that location by the end of the Term in the condition required under this Agreement and
free of password protection, data, consumables, and fuel, and also free of chemicals, wastes, or
toxic, hazardous, or dangerous materials not originally included by the manufacturer as part of
the Equipment, and at the manufacturer’s current engineering change level, and certified by the
manufacturer as eligible for its maintenance contract, if generally available, at then prevailing
rates, without the need for HTF to incur any repair, rehabilitation, or certification expense; or (b)
purchase all (and not less than all) of the Equipment on the last day of the Term for the specified
Purchase Option price; or (c) with HTF’s written approval, renew the Term for a minimum of 6
months at a Periodic Payment based upon the then-fair market value of the Equipment and as
mutually agreed in writing; or (d) elect any other end-of-Term option that may be stated herein. If
Customer does not give such election notice or does not pay or perform Customer’s elected option
by the end of the Term, the Term will automatically renew at the Periodic Payment previously in
effect and on the same terms for successive one-month periods until Customer give at least a 90day written notice electing one of the foregoing options and performs the elected option by the
end of the last such renewal of the Term. This Agreement is agreed to be a finance lease as
defined in UCC Article 2A. Customer waives any rights and remedies Customer may have under
UCC Sections 2A-508 through 2A-522.
10. Risk of Loss; Liquidated Damages. At all times until the Equipment is returned to HTF
(“Possession Period”), Customer will, at its expense, repair any Equipment that is damaged,
and within 30 days of the applicable event replace (with equipment of the same manufacturer,
year, make, model, and accessories and in the condition required hereunder), or pay HTF the
Liquidated Damages, if any Equipment is lost, stolen, destroyed, damaged and not repaired, and
is not replaced by Customer within such period, or governmentally requisitioned or taken.
Customer shall immediately notify HTF of the occurrence of any such event. No such event shall
condition, limit, or affect Customer’s obligations under this Agreement, including its payment
obligations. “Liquidated Damages” means, as of the date for which such amount is being
determined, liquidated damages consisting of: the Periodic Payments and other amounts then
due and outstanding hereunder; plus the present value of all Periodic Payments scheduled to
become due for the rest of the Term, discounted from their Due Dates at 3% per annum ; plus
the present value of the amount that Customer is obliged to pay or that it may optionally pay to
acquire all of the Equipment at the end of the Term, if this Agreement expressly gives Customer
the obligation or option to do so, or of the fair market value of the Equipment otherwise, discounted
from the last day of the Term at 3% per annum. When HTF receives the Liquidated Damages in
full when due under this section or Sections 13(b) or 15 below, plus all Taxes and other amounts
due in connection therewith or that are otherwise outstanding hereunder, this Agreement
(including the obligation to pay future Periodic Payments) will terminate and HTF will transfer to
Customer any Equipment still in Customer’s possession.
11. Insurance. Until the end of the Possession Period Customer will, at its expense, maintain
property insurance against the loss, theft or damage to the Equipment for its full replacement
value. Customer will provide HTF with evidence of such insurance as from time to time HTF may
request . Any insurance proceeds of such insurance received by HTF or Assignee in respect of
events with respect to which Customer has concurrent Agreement obligations will be applied by
HTF to those obligations. Customer has no right to the benefit of any insurance maintained by
HTF for its own account.
12. Default. A default by Customer (“Default”) shall occur if: Customer fails to make any Periodic
Payment or other payment due hereunder or under any Other Agreement within 10 days of receipt
of written notice of the payment’s being overdue; Customer fails to comply with the material terms
of this Agreement or any related document or Other Agreement and, if curable, the failure
continues uncured for 30 days after written notice; Customer or any guarantor of this Agreement
is or becomes insolvent, dissolves, or assigns its assets for the benefit of its creditors, or becomes
the subject of any bankruptcy (excluding a reorganization) proceeding; or any guarantor of this
Agreement dies and is not replaced within 60 days thereafter by a new guarantor agreeable to
HTF or fails to comply with its guaranty; or any material financial information made available by
Customer or any application made or other information given by Customer is or is discovered to
be materially inaccurate and intentionally misleading. “Other Agreement” means any lease,
finance agreement, installment payment agreement, loan, note, or other agreement made by
Customer with HTF or an affiliate of HTF or that HTF or an affiliate of HTF is or becomes the
beneficiary of, and any agreement of any kind made by Customer at any time with any person
that HTF considers to be a material agreement.
13. Remedies. Upon a Default HTF may with notice to Customer: (a) terminate this Agreement;
(b) declare the Liquidated Damages immediately due; (c) peacefully repossess any Equipment
without court order (with HTF’s liability limited to direct damages caused by HTF’s gross
negligence, willful misconduct or breach of the peace) or require Customer to return any
Equipment to HTF; and/or (d) require Customer to cease using or benefitting from any Items. HTF
may notify DAL and any guarantor or any other persons of its intended exercise and exercise of
any of the foregoing remedies. HTF’s sole obligation to mitigate its damages is that if it
repossesses any Equipment under this section, it will dispose of the Equipment in a commercially
reasonable manner with or without notice (but, if notice is required by law, 10 days’ notice is
reasonable), at public or private sale, and apply the net proceeds (after deducting all taxes and
reasonable costs related to the sale or other disposition) to the amounts Customer owes HTF,
and Customer will remain liable for any deficiency. The foregoing remedies are cumulative and in
addition to all other rights or remedies now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or at law
or in equity and may be enforced concurrently and from time to time. If Customer fails to make
any payment to a third party or perform any other act required hereunder, HTF may, but need not,
make such payment or perform such act at the expense of Customer, reimbursable to HTF on
demand, and HTF’s action shall not be deemed a cure or waiver of Customer’s failure.
14. Title. All Soft Cost Items are provided directly to Customer by Supplier, and not by HTF, even
if any Supplier Agreement or Supplier invoice is issued, received, accepted, or performed by HTF
(and in such instances HTF will be acting as Customer’s agent therefor, with full recourse to
Customer, and without affecting Customer’s assignment to HTF provided in Section 4 above).
Customer has no right or interest in the Equipment except that set forth in this Agreement. The

Page 2 of 3

Customer has reviewed this page. Customer initials _______________

