16 
a. 
Franchisee fails to open the Franchised Business within ninety (90) days of execution of this 
Agreement, unless approved in writing by Franchisor; 
b. 
Franchisee commits a material breach of the Franchise Agreement or materially defaults in 
the payment of any indebtedness to the Franchisor or to Franchisee’s suppliers arising out of the purchase 
of supplies or equipment and this default is not cured within twenty (20) days of written notice to 
Franchisee; 
 
c. 
Franchisor determines that Franchisee is conducting business in a manner likely to impair 
the value or reputation of the TeamLogic IT® Network and fails to cure same within seven (7) days written 
notice to Franchisee; Franchisee commits three (3) or more defaults in payment to Franchisor within a 
twelve (12) month period even though cured within the twenty (20) day period on each occasion; and 
 
d. 
Franchisee loses possession of a Business premises (through no fault of Franchisee) and fails 
to open for business at a new Franchisor-approved location within ninety (90) days thereafter; or abandons 
the franchise location and such abandonment remains uncured for seven (7) days after notice by Franchisor 
(Abandonment is defined to include instances where Franchisee allows his or her Business to remain 
unmanned and clients remain without service for more than seven (7) consecutive days (other than for a 
planned vacation), or fails to respond to an email or voicemail of Franchisor within seven (7) days, and such 
closing is not beyond the control of Franchisee and/or without consent of Franchisor). It shall not be 
considered abandonment, but will be a violation of the transfer section, if Franchisee transfers or relocates 
the assets of the TeamLogic IT® Business without the TeamLogic IT® name or changes the name of the 
TeamLogic IT® Business and continues the operation. In such case, Franchisor may obtain injunctive relief 
in an appropriate Court, or elect to hold Franchisee responsible for wrongful repudiation of the Franchise 
Agreement; and 
 
LAWS APPLYING TO FRANCHISES OF THE STATE WHERE THE BUSINESS IS LOCATED 
MAY DIFFER FROM THIS AGREEMENT REGARDING DEFAULT, CURE TIME, NON-RENEWAL 
AND CAUSE FOR TERMINATION. Should any term of this Agreement be contrary to judicially 
determined public policy or be considered void or inconsistent with the franchise laws of state wherein the 
Franchisee’s Business is located, then any term or portion thereof so void and any inconsistency shall be 
construed and governed by that state’s law to the extent so void or inconsistent. 
 
Where notice of default and demand for performance is not given when and to the extent required, 
failure to give such notice or demand shall not be a waiver of any other term hereof. 
 
10.2 
Termination Without Opportunity to Cure. The Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement 
immediately without opportunity to cure if: 
 
a. 
Franchisee becomes insolvent or makes a general assignment for benefit of creditors; a 
petition in bankruptcy is filed by Franchisee or a petition is filed against Franchisee and consented to by 
Franchisee; Franchisee is adjudicated bankrupt; a receiver is appointed; or proceedings for composition 
with creditors is instituted; 
 
b. 
If Franchisee is convicted of a felony; 
 
c. 
If Franchisee knowingly maintains false books or records or submits false reports to 
Franchisor; 
