E-8 
 
2. 
The following is to be added at the end of Item 3:  
 
Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its predecessor, a person identified 
in Item 2, or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s principal trademark:  
 
A. 
No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against that person 
alleging: a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust, or securities law, fraud, embezzlement, 
fraudulent conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair or deceptive practices, or 
comparable civil or misdemeanor allegations.  
 
B. 
No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the 
business, which are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and the size, nature 
or financial condition of the franchise system or its business operations.  
 
C. 
 No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony 
charge or, within the 10-year period immediately preceding the application for registration, 
has been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the 
subject of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; 
embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive 
practices or comparable allegations.  
 
D.  
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree 
relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, 
trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or 
proceeding brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any 
national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such 
association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective Rev. March 17, 2021 2 injunctive 
or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by a 
public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a 
real estate broker or sales agent.  
 
3. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled 
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions 
for franchisor approval of transfer”:  
 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of 
action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of 
the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being 
the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 
687(4) and 687(5) be satisfied.  
 
4. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination 
by franchisee”: You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.  
 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of 
forum”, and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”:  
 
