E-10 
RHODE ISLAND 
 
Performance, Applicable Law and Forum/Disputes/Arbitration 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Sections 12. and 13k. Franchise Agreement 
 
§19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in a franchise 
agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the 
laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
 
Termination of the Franchise 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Section 10 Franchise Agreement 
 
Franchisee commits a material breach of the Franchise Agreement; or materially defaults in the payment of 
any indebtedness to the Franchisor, or Franchisee’s suppliers arising out of the purchase of the supplies or 
equipment and this default is not cured within 30 days of notice to Franchisor. 
 
Covenant Not to Compete 
Item 9 Disclosure Document; Section 6.17 Franchise Agreement 
 
Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement are generally 
unenforceable in the State of South Dakota. 
 
Disputes/Arbitration 
Section 12. Franchise Agreement 
 
Any provision that provides that the parties waive their right to claim punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, 
special or consequential damages or any provision that provides that parties waive their right to a jury trial 
may not be enforceable under South Dakota law. 
 
Transfer by Franchisee 
Section 11 Franchise Agreement 
 
SDCL 53-9-5 voids liquidated damages provisions from contracts unless it would be impractical or extremely 
difficult to fix actual damages. 
 
Arbitration/Performance, Applicable Law and Forum 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Section 12 and 13k. Franchise Agreement 
 
 
The law regarding franchise registration, employment, covenants not to compete, and other matters of local 
concern will be governed by the laws of the state of South Dakota; but as to contractual and all other matters, 
this agreement and all provisions of this instrument will be and remain subject to the application, construction, 
enforcement and interpretation under the governing law of California. 
 
Any provision in the franchise agreement and/or development agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to 
a forum outside of South Dakota or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect 
to a claim otherwise enforceable under the South Dakota Franchise Act. 
 
 
