8 
Franchisee’s area. The initial supply is intended to last for the first three months of the Business operation. 
Additional tools and materials will be available if desired by Franchisee for ordering and purchases through 
Franchisor’s marketing department or outside vendors, on an as-needed basis. 
 
d. 
Provide a 12-Month Initial Marketing Program currently consisting of direct mail, 
telemarketing, search engine marketing, and email marketing, subject to change. Franchisee must sign up 
for the 12-Month Initial Marketing Program directly from our approved vendors using a credit card. The cost for 
the program ranges from $2,000 to $2,500 per month depending on the market. You may not change any part of the 
12-Month Initial Marketing Program without our written approval. As part of the program, up to $9,500 in marketing 
services will be provided by TeamLogic Inc. over the first 12 months of the contract. After the 12-Month Initial 
Marketing Program, you are required to spend a minimum of $2,500 per month for local marketing for the remainder 
of the contract.  
 
e. 
Provide, host and maintain the master website www.TeamLogicIT.com. TeamLogic will 
also provide a local website with corresponding URL for your business on the master website, as well as 
the content management tools that you can use to customize your local website. 
 
TeamLogic is not obligated to perform these services to your particular level of satisfaction, but as 
a function of our experience, knowledge, and judgment. 
 
SECTION V. 
TERRITORY AND LOCATION OF BUSINESS 
 
5.1 
Territory. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the right to locate the Business from a business 
office space within the geographical boundaries defined in the Territory Designation Sheet (the “Territory”) 
according to the following conditions: 
 
a. 
Franchisor shall not, during the term of this Agreement and any renewal hereof, own or 
operate, or grant a franchise to a third party to own or operate a TeamLogic IT® Business located in the 
Territory; 
 
b. 
Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor, its parent company, and its 
affiliates have and retain the rights, among others to: (i) own and/or operate a TeamLogic IT® Business 
located outside of the Territory, (ii) grant a franchise, or other rights, to third parties to own and/or operate 
TeamLogic IT® Businesses located outside of the Territory, (iii) directly or indirectly market and/or sell, 
within or outside the Territory, products and services that are not sold through TeamLogic IT® Businesses, 
whether or not they use the Trademarks, (iv) maintain other existing brand locations offering the same or 
similar products and services as a TeamLogic IT® Business in the Territory (but Franchisor will not open 
or franchise any additional locations of the other brand in the Territory), and (v) market and negotiate 
pricing for National Accounts, as described below, within or outside the Territory; 
 
c. 
The Territory is usually designated by street description with a map and will be identified in 
the Territory Designation Sheet, which may be identified and completed after the Franchise Agreement is 
signed; and 
 
 
