 
Page 11 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
There are no suppliers in which any of our officers own an interest. 
 
The TeamLogic IT® Managed Services solution consists of a variety of integrated services including 
technology that will proactively monitor the clients’ IT infrastructure, help detect problems, and provide 
remote control access. Additionally, the Network Operations Center (NOC) provides proactive technical 
support, the Help Desk/Service Desk provides reactive end-user technical support and activity management, 
and our Business Continuity solutions provide back-up disaster recovery and account management support. 
Our Managed Services solution provides reports on performance optimization of the clients’ systems 
regardless of whether the clients’ technology is premised-based, in the cloud or a combination (hybrid). 
 
TeamLogic IT® Managed Services is our branded managed services offering. In order to maintain 
consistency and integrity of our Managed Services solution, all core remote monitoring and management 
software agents (RMM agents), within the TeamLogic IT® bundle, must be purchased from and are payable 
to us. Upon prior written approval, software agents can be purchased from an approved supplier we 
designate. You are also required to utilize a multi-factor authentication tool. The naming 
configuration/branding assigned to our Managed Services solution has no bearing on the requirement to 
purchase the software agents from us. If you want to use or sell any equivalent or subset of remote RMM 
agents, you are required to obtain our prior written approval, and we may require you to purchase the 
equivalent or subset tool from us. The Professional Services Automation software fees, which are described 
in Item 11, are also payable to us. Other hardware, software, and computer supplies may be purchased from 
any supplier. 
 
We currently have general criteria for approving suppliers and, conversely, revoking approval. In 
determining whether to approve a supplier or revoke approval, we consider the conformity of the supplier's 
products to our needs, customer service, security, price, quality, and our franchisees' satisfaction with the 
supplier's product. You may submit names of suppliers whom you would like us to approve. We will then 
evaluate the supplier and inform you within 90 days whether we have approved or disapproved the supplier. 
We do not charge you any fee to secure supplier approval. We may in the future negotiate purchase 
arrangements and price terms with some suppliers for your benefit. We provide you with no material 
benefits based on your use of designated or approved suppliers, but doing so is one of your obligations 
under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Prior to opening and operating the Business, and at all times during the conduct of the Business, 
Franchisee must have a minimum of one (1) onsite qualified technician that is certified on our RMM 
tools.  The technician has to be certified within 90 days after opening the business, and for the term of the 
Franchise Agreement.  The required purchase of a laptop, smartphones, and 3 software agents should 
account for less than 2-5% of all purchases and leases in establishing and operating your business on an 
ongoing basis, depending on the size of your customer base. Any other specifications or standards for 
operations are contained in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, which is periodically updated. You 
will be notified electronically of any updates and where they can be located. 
 
We derive revenue, rebates or other material consideration based on the required purchases or leases 
from your purchase of TeamLogic IT® Managed Services software from us and your purchase of a portion 
of the software fees from us. In the year ending December 31, 2024, our derived revenue from these 
purchases was $6,801,000, approximately 37% of our total revenue of $18,517,000. There were no 
affiliates’ revenues from the required purchases or leases and sources of information used in computing 
revenues. 
 
 
 
