5 
and conditions of advertising campaigns and promotional programs shall be within the sole discretion of 
Franchisor. Franchisee shall not offset any advertising fees based upon Franchisee’s dislike or non-use of 
the marketing and advertising programs and materials created from the Network-wide Advertising Fund. 
No offset is permitted against advertising fees for amounts due or allegedly due Franchisor by Franchisee. 
Franchisor does not guarantee that the Network-wide advertising will appear in Franchisee’s geographic area 
in proportion to Franchisee’s specific contributions in any given year. The purpose of the Advertising Fund 
is to promote the brand on a national basis. Franchisor reserves the right to allocate no more than 15% of 
the Advertising Fund revenue for its general administrative expenses, including, without limitation, 
collection agency fees and expenses incurred in collecting the Funds from past and present franchisees.  You 
must also spend an additional minimum of $2,500 a month for local marketing for the length of the contract. 
 
3.5. TeamLogic IT® Managed Services Fees. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a fee on all TeamLogic 
IT® Managed Services Remote Monitoring and Management (RMM) Software agents used directly or 
indirectly by the franchisee. Currently, fees paid to Franchisor range from six dollars ($6) down to three 
dollars ($3) per RMM agent per month depending on volume, and may change from time to time. In order 
to maintain consistency and integrity of Franchisor’s managed services solution, all core remote monitoring 
and management software agents must be purchased from and are payable to Franchisor. Upon prior written 
approval, software agents may be purchased from an approved supplier Franchisor designates. If Franchisee 
wants to use or sell any equivalent or subset of remote monitoring and management software, Franchisee 
must obtain Franchisor’s prior written approval to use or sell the equivalent or subset RMM tool. 
 
Franchisee must maintain TeamLogic IT® Managed Services on a minimum of three (3) computers in 
Franchisee’s Business and pay the associated monthly fees. TeamLogic IT® Managed Services fees are 
collected on a monthly basis via electronic withdrawal from a pre-authorized account, on the last business 
day of the month for all TeamLogic IT® Managed Services agents in place at the end of the prior month, 
without deduction for failure to collect from Franchisee’s client. No offset is permitted against any other 
amounts due or allegedly due Franchisor by Franchisee. 
 
3.6. Monthly Minimums. Beginning with the first day after the first full month following completion of 
training, or sooner (“open date”), or the month Franchisee takes over ownership: 
 
Months in Business 
 
Monthly Minimums 
 
First 12 months 
 
Continuing Franchise Fees: 
$0.00 
 
Advertising Fund Fees: 
$0.00 
 
 
Months 13 to end of franchise 
agreement 
 
Continuing Franchise Fees:   $1,000.00 
 
Advertising Fund Fees:   
$200.00 
 
 
 
The 12-month exception to the Minimum Royalty does not apply if you are signing the Franchise 
Agreement to operate an existing TeamLogic IT® Business, including when renewing an expiring franchise 
agreement or buying an already existing TeamLogic IT® Business (an “Existing Business”). 
 
