 
Page 19 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
At the onset of your Business, you are required to have a minimum of three laptops with three 
monitors. One is meant to remain with the owner at the Business and one stays with each technician in the 
field for dealings with the clients. You will need to scale this inventory and add a laptop for each technician 
you hire. In addition, each technician that is hired must have a smartphone. The other equipment that the 
Business will need is a telephone system that is capable of forwarding calls to remote numbers and is 
equipped with a voicemail system that can be easily accessed from the field. This equipment can be obtained 
from any source. You must upgrade such equipment whenever necessary in order to maintain adherence to 
the specifications set out by us. The cost for the computer equipment may range from $6,750 to $10,600. 
Overall cost for the upgrades or maintenance fees may range from $0 to $3,000. 
 
You are also required to obtain our approved Professional Services Automation (“PSA”) software 
through us to operate, record and manage all of your operational business activity. The monthly fees for the 
Professional Services Automation software are payable to us. This software is developed by a third party. 
You must utilize this system for, among other things, scheduling of all sales appointments, customer service 
and repair history.  You must purchase and maintain other general third-party software licenses, such as 
QuickBooks.  These specific licenses may change from time to time as the vendors upgrade/modify their 
software.  We will provide you with the specific list and accompanying costs of the necessary current 
versions, which are available at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement. We do not make any warranties 
or guaranties upon which you may rely, and assume no liability or obligation to you, for any third-party 
software. 
 
Upon our request, you will allow us to have electronic access to most operational aspects of your 
Business through this software, including client identity, appointments and invoicing. Although there are 
no contractual limits imposed on our access to this information, we will not use the information gained 
through this software for any purposes not related to your Business or the TeamLogic IT® System. 
 
We maintain an information security standard and program that all TeamLogic IT® franchisees must 
adhere as outlined in a “Security Operations Guide”.  This standard establishes a minimum level of security 
that each franchisee is responsible to implement for each location.  This standard may be modified from 
time to time. 
 
We have a Technology Insight Committee (“TIC”) for the purpose of consulting on our vendor and 
technology programs. There are six franchisee members that we appoint that serve approximately 2-year 
terms on TIC. TIC members serve in an advisory capacity and may be changed at our discretion. This 
program may be cancelled at any time. 
 
 
We have an Owners Security Council (“OSC”) for the purpose of consulting our Information 
Security and Security Operations programs. There are six franchisee members that we appoint to serve 
approximately 2-year terms on OSC. OSC members serve in an advisory capacity and may be changed at 
our discretion. This program may be cancelled at any time. 
 
SITE SELECTION 
 
You are required to lease office space for the Business in your territory. When you obtain (by lease, 
purchase or otherwise) a business site for your TeamLogic IT® Business, it must be within your Territory 
(as defined below), and we will provide you with site selection approval. We will use our best efforts to 
approve or disapprove your selected site within 14 days from the date you submit a prospective site for 
approval. If signage is allowed at the location, the TeamLogic IT® name and logo should be displayed 
following our signage guidelines.  We do not ensure or warrant that your Business will be profitable at a 
location utilizing our guidelines, or at any location.  You must open the Business within 90 days of the date 
your Franchise Agreement is signed or we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. Any extension requires 
