2 
Client Management Tools – The term “Client Management Tools” shall mean the collection of any and all 
software systems and other online or offline data repositories that store customer information and data 
including client’s contact information, sales information, service history, and more. 
 
Core Services – Franchisor will maintain a list of the products and services that are considered to be standard 
and that all TeamLogic IT® Franchisees must offer their clients, “Core Services.” This list will be used for 
marketing materials and sales efforts. It is the responsibility of the Franchisee to ensure that they have the 
technical skills on staff to perform all Core Services. This list may be modified from time to time. 
 
Franchisee Intranet Site – The Franchisee Intranet Site supports the business operations of TeamLogic IT® 
franchisees. This site facilitates communication between the franchisees and franchisor. It is a repository 
for documentation, articles and forms related to all aspects of a TeamLogic IT® Business that a franchisee 
may need from time-to-time and is accessible 24/7/365. The components making up the Franchisee Intranet 
Site may be modified or changed by Franchisor as needed. 
 
Gross Sales – Except as provided below, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all sales by your Business (for 
all services, labor charges related to the installation of hardware or software, including buyouts), revenues 
from all TeamLogic IT® Managed Services, Core and Non-Core Services, whether for cash, check, credit, 
financed, leased or barter, and without deduction for failure to collect. Gross Sales does not include revenue 
from the sale of hardware or software and associated sales or use tax (“Product”), unless such hardware or 
software is sold as a service. 
 
Information Security – Franchisor maintains an information security standard and program that all 
TeamLogic IT® franchisees must adhere as outlined in a “Security Operations Guide”.  This standard 
establishes a minimum level of security that each franchisee is responsible to implement for each 
location.  This standard may be modified from time to time. 
 
Network – The term “Network” shall mean all of the TeamLogic IT® franchisees and any Franchisor-owned 
TeamLogic IT® locations. 
 
Non-Core Services – The term “Non-Core Services” shall mean, in addition to the Core Services listing of 
products and services, additional IT-related services that Franchisee may offer their clients, assuming 
Franchisee can perform these services either through a brokered agreement or by qualified on-staff 
technicians. 
 
Onsite Qualified Technician –The term “Onsite Qualified Technician” shall mean the first technician that 
is hired in your business must be located in reasonable geographic proximity to your office and thereby is 
readily available to perform onsite services for your existing clients and be able to accompany you, the 
franchise owner, on prospective and existing client meetings.  
 
Product - A “Product” is defined as hardware or software or other technology in which the ownership for 
the technology is moved to the customer and the transaction is handled as a single event, and the Product is 
not sold as a service. 
 
Professional Services Automation - The term “Professional Services Automation” shall refer to the software 
system which Franchisee shall use to operate, record and manage all business operational activity. 
 
