E-11 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
VIRGINIA 
 
Termination of the 
Franchise Section 10 
Franchise Agreement 
 
Under Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for the franchisor to cancel a 
franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or termination stated in the franchise agreement 
does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or 
the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
WASHINGTON 
 
Rider 
 
Washington Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Related 
Agreements. 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, 
Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.  
 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including 
the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which may 
supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of termination 
and renewal of your franchise.  
 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation 
site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration 
or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, 
if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a negotiated 
settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. 
Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under 
the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.  
 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs 
in effecting a transfer.  
 
 
