6 
3.7 
E-Mail Service Fee. Franchisee shall pay to an approved outside vendor a monthly, e-mail service 
fee based on the number of Franchisee’s email addresses. The current email address fee is $24.00 per email 
user per month and is subject to change. 
 
3.8 
Interest on Delinquent Charges. If Franchisee fails to pay Franchisor any amount when due under 
this Agreement, or any other agreement with Franchisor, Franchisee must pay interest on the delinquent 
amount at the California Judgment Rate, currently 10%, or the maximum rate permitted by any applicable 
law. In addition, Franchisee shall pay any expenses incurred by Franchisor in the collection of such 
delinquent amounts.  Franchisor may charge an insufficient funds fee of $250 if a payment made by you is 
returned because of insufficient funds in your account and your bank does not honor any EFT. 
 
3.9 
Multi-Factor Authentication. Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is required for the duration of the 
contract. MFA is a security tool. It does not guarantee to prevent a security breach. Any fees for MFA will 
be charged directly by the appropriate vendor.  
 
SECTION IV. 
OBLIGATIONS OF FRANCHISOR 
4.1 
Pre-Opening Obligations. Prior to the opening of your TeamLogic IT® Business, TeamLogic will: 
a. 
Provide one copy of our proprietary Brand Standards and Operations Manual and provide 
updates and changes to the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, which may be provided for you 
electronically. This Manual is confidential and remains TeamLogic’s property. TeamLogic may modify, 
add to, or delete from the manual; the modifications will not alter your status or rights under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
b. 
Award a Territory. A review of Franchisee’s preferred territory area will be conducted for 
availability and business count requirements.  TeamLogic, Inc. must approve the franchisee’s territory and 
territory name.  
c. 
Provide Initial Training. This Initial Training includes up to 6 days of classroom instruction 
at TeamLogic headquarters in Mission Viejo, California, and up to 26 hours of pre-opening training and 61 
hours of post-opening training online and through webinars and phone consultation. The objective of the 
Initial Training is to train you in the four operating systems for your Business: Technology Management, 
Employee Management, Marketing and Sales Management, and Financial Management. The Initial 
Training must be scheduled and completed within two (2) months after signing the Franchise Agreement. 
Your Franchise Fee, or the Transfer Fee, due and payable by the transferring franchisee, pays for the Initial 
Training at Franchisor’s headquarters for up to two people, including travel, 1 hotel room (double occupancy) 
and some meals. The second person can have up to one year after the signing of the Franchise Agreement 
to attend Initial Training with these costs covered by the Franchise Fee or the Transfer Fee, except for the 
hotel room, which is at the Franchisee’s expense. Attendance by the second person at Initial Training after 
one year will be at the Franchisee’s expense. The Franchise Fee, or the Transfer Fee, is not refundable or 
pro-rated. Additional trainees beyond two (2) must pay the current training fee for the Initial Training, as 
well as transportation, lodging, meals, and any additional expenses. 
