22 
SECTION XII. 
DISPUTES/ARBITRATION 
 
12.1 
Except as provided below, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Franchise 
Agreement or the breach hereof, including a claim for emergency relief, shall be settled by arbitration with 
the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect. 
The arbitration of any dispute between the parties shall be conducted with regard to Franchisee only and 
not with regard to any collective group of franchisees or class action. This arbitration provision shall survive 
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. 
 
a. 
Arbitrator. There shall be a single arbitrator who shall be an existing or former judge of a 
court of record within the United States or an attorney in good standing admitted to practice for a period of 
at least ten (10) years within the United States. A corporation/limited liability company to which an 
individual Franchisee has transferred some or all of the assets comprising the TeamLogic IT® Business shall 
be considered either a joint Franchisee or successor Franchisee (at Franchisor’s option) and bound by this 
arbitration agreement. 
 
b. 
Location. The site of the arbitration shall be in Orange County, California. 
 
c. 
Absence of party. The arbitration may proceed in the absence of either party, providing that 
notice of the filing of the arbitration has been sent to the other party in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
d. 
Decision/Jurisdiction. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties, 
and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator, may be entered in any court having jurisdiction 
thereof. Franchisee hereby consents to California personal jurisdiction for himself and any corporation 
owning some or all of the assets of the TeamLogic IT® Business, and hereby consents to service of process by 
way of certified mail, return receipt requested, or by recognized courier (such as FedEx or UPS) sent to the 
TeamLogic IT® Business location, signed by a duly employed employee of Franchisee, or  by personal service 
or by substitute service in accordance with California law. The parties agree that punitive damages shall not 
be available as a remedy for a breach of this Agreement or any dispute relating to this Agreement. 
 
e. 
Fees. If any party commences an action, either arbitration or court proceedings, against any other 
party arising out of or in connection with this Franchise Agreement, the prevailing party or parties shall be 
entitled from the losing party or parties, both attorney’s fees and costs of the arbitration and/or suit as part of 
the judgment rendered, along with attorney’s fees and costs incurred in enforcing any such judgment. 
 
f. 
Trademarks. Notwithstanding the above, the arbitrator shall have no power or authority to 
diminish Franchisor’s complete and exclusive right, title and interest in its patents, trademarks, service marks, 
trade names, copyrights and other trade secrets, or to vary the terms, condition or payments which Franchisor 
has designated for licensing the same. 
 
12.2 
This section shall survive and remain in full force and effect subsequent to termination or expiration of 
this Agreement. 
 
12.3 
Except where contrary to a specific law in Franchisee’s state, written notice of any alleged default by 
Franchisor of this Agreement must be given by Franchisee to Franchisor within eighteen (18) months of the 
alleged default or Franchisee is precluded from raising such alleged default thereafter in any proceeding 
