 
Page 10 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
Your salaries, draws, or personal living expenses are not included in the above tables. You must have additional sums 
available (whether in cash, credit or collateral) to cover these expenses. No part of your initial investment in your 
TeamLogic IT® franchise will be financed directly or indirectly by us. 
 
Notes: 
(1) Initial Franchise Fee. This fee must be paid in full at the time indicated. In order to be eligible to sign the Franchise 
Agreement, you must provide us with reasonable proof of your financial ability to make the initial investment 
described above and you must authorize us to conduct a credit check to confirm your financial ability to purchase 
and develop the franchise. The Initial Franchise Fee is $49,500; VetFran Discount franchise fee is $40,000; 
and the fee for a conversion franchise is $49,500. The Initial Franchise Fee includes training expenses for two 
people, including transportation, lodging (one room, double occupancy), and some meals.  
(2) Vehicle. You may, but are not required to, lease a vehicle to be used in the Business. Any leased or personal 
vehicle used in the Business must be outfitted with, at a minimum, the approved vehicle graphics within 30 days 
of opening. Any vehicle used in the Business must be maintained in a neat, clean, undamaged and safe condition. 
All damages must be repaired in a prompt and timely manner. 
(3) Initial Equipment. You must purchase, lease or otherwise have certain hardware and software, and telephone 
equipment. We estimate this hardware and software package will range in cost from $6,750 to $10,600 (refer to 
Item 11 Computer Requirements), subject to change. The software fees, which are subject to change, are required 
to obtain various software programs, and a portion of the fees are payable to us. The Professional Services 
Automation software (Autotask) fees are described in item 11 are payable to us. All software is developed by 
third parties. We currently do not develop or licensee our own proprietary software to you but may do so in the 
future. We do not make any warranties or guaranties upon which you may rely, and assume no liability or 
obligation to you for any third-party software. The various software vendors may change from time to time. The 
current equipment configuration is 3 laptops with Internet access and 3 monitors, 3 smartphones, and a telephone 
system capable of forwarding calls to remote numbers with a voicemail system that can be easily accessed from 
the field. 
(4) Real Estate Leasehold Improvements. You are required to lease office space for the Business in your territory. 
The terms of your rent and other lease expenses and improvements will depend on the size, location, condition 
and desirability of the space. 
(5) Additional Funds. Additional funds is an estimate of the funds needed for initial employee wages, insurance, 
marketing, dues (including dues for being a member of local community groups such as the Chamber of 
Commerce), TeamLogic IT® apparel, recruitment, high speed Internet connection, credit card processing, as well 
as additional operating capital for other variable costs (e.g. rent, utilities and telephone). Additional funds are also 
an estimate of the monies you will need on hand during the initial phase of the Business operations. We estimate 
that the amount given will be sufficient for a 10 to 12-months start-up phase. However, actual breakeven timing 
can vary based on many factors including how well you follow our systems, actual market conditions and demand, 
fixed costs, etc. Additional funds also include funds needed for initial software and technology tools that will 
range in cost from $2,100 to $3,500 (such as Anti-Virus Security, Office Productivity Suite, Email Service Fees, 
QuickBooks Online, etc.). 
(6) Total Initial Investment. These figures are estimates only and it is possible to significantly exceed costs in any of 
the areas listed. We cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the franchise. Your costs 
will depend upon such factors as how much you follow our methods and procedures; your management 
experience and skills. The area in which your business is located; local economic conditions; prevailing wage 
rate; the physical size of a leased location; the amount of any tenant improvements required; and the sales level 
reached during the initial period.   We relied on our 20 years of experience in the information technology business 
to compile these estimates and the working capital costs experienced by our franchisees. You should review these 
figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to purchase a Franchise. 
 
ITEM 8. 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
You must buy or lease certain basic computer hardware and software described in Item 11 to 
adequately serve your clients’ needs. The hardware may be purchased or leased from any source. All 
software is developed by third parties. We currently do not develop or license our own proprietary software 
to you but may do so in the future. We do not make any warranties or guaranties upon which you may rely 
and assume no liability or obligation to you, for any third-party software. The various software vendors 
may change from time to time. 
 
