17 
 
d. 
If Franchisee commits fraud upon Franchisor by making a material misrepresentation on the 
franchise application or related documents which misrepresentation materially affected Franchisor’s 
determination in accepting Franchisee’s application for a TeamLogic IT® Franchise; or 
 
e. 
Franchisee commits three (3) or more defaults in payment to Franchisor within a twelve (12) 
month period even though cured within the twenty (20) day period on each occasion; or 
 
f. 
Franchisee fails to conduct business having Gross Sales greater than two thousand five 
hundred dollars ($2,500) per week for twelve (12) consecutive weeks (except during the first (1
st) twelve 
(12) months of operation). 
 
g. 
Franchisor determines that Franchisee is conducting business in a manner likely to impair 
the value or reputation of the TeamLogic IT® Network and fails to cure same within seven (7) days written 
notice to Franchisee. 
 
10.3 
Effect of Termination by Franchisor. Upon termination, for any reason, or upon expiration of this 
Agreement, all Franchisee’s rights hereunder shall terminate. 
 
a. 
Trademarks and Proprietary Information. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement for 
any reason, or upon expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee shall cease any and all use (including Internet 
use) of the Trademarks and shall remove all items, graphics, signs and other material bearing the 
Trademarks and any other items identifying Franchisee as having been associated with Franchisor or the 
TeamLogic IT® System including ceasing to wear apparel bearing any of the TeamLogic IT® Trademarks 
and removing all Trademarks from any vehicles and any business premises; shall cease to use and shall 
return to Franchisor all proprietary information, materials with trade secrets, Brand Standards and 
Operations Manual, advertising and marketing materials, and all other manuals and instruction materials 
owned by Franchisor as described in other sections of this Agreement whether written or in electronic form; 
and shall turn over to Franchisor all customer lists and customer data whether written or in electronic form. 
Should Franchisee fail to voluntarily comply with this section upon demand, Franchisor is authorized to 
enter the premises without notice and physically remove all signs, emblems, markings, displays, manuals 
and other items bearing Franchisor’s Trademarks and remove all confidential or Proprietary Information, 
including assigning the customer relationship and/or contract to Franchisor or Franchisor’s designated 
agent, at Franchisee’s expense. 
 
b. 
Telephone listings and numbers. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement for any 
reason, or upon expiration of this Agreement, all telephone and other online directory identification shall 
be canceled. Further, all telephone and fax line number(s) servicing the Business shall be disconnected 
without referral, or at the discretion of the Franchisor, transferred or referred to any other TeamLogic IT® 
Business owner (or as otherwise directed by Franchisor). Franchisor shall have the absolute right to notify 
the telephone company and all listing agencies of the termination of Franchisee’s right to use all telephone 
numbers and all classified and other directory listings under the TeamLogic IT® name and to authorize the 
telephone company and all listing agencies to transfer to Franchisor or to any other TeamLogic IT® Business 
(or as otherwise directed by Franchisor) all telephone numbers and directory listings for the Franchisee’s 
business. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has the absolute right and interest in and to all telephone 
numbers and directory listings associated with the TeamLogic IT® brand and Franchisee agrees to cooperate 
and execute any documentation necessary to effect said disconnection, transfer or referral. Franchisor is 
