 
Page 20 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
prior written approval. We estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise 
Agreement and the opening of your Business is 60 to 90 days. Factors affecting time to open include 
attendance at and satisfactory completion of our Initial Training Program, arranging for any financing, 
complying with local ordinances, installation of equipment, and obtaining a satisfactory business location.  
 
ITEM 12. 
TERRITORY 
 
 
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from 
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
You will receive a protected territory and territory name; meaning we will not open a TeamLogic 
IT® franchise location or establish any company-owned outlet in this territory during the term of your 
contract. We will grant you the right to operate a TeamLogic IT® franchise in a specific geographical area 
we outline based on the number of businesses, up to 1,500 to 2,000 of the type that we expect to be potential 
clients of TeamLogic IT®, and this geographic area will be designated as your Territory. We currently use 
a business list provider to obtain these business counts but may use a different source in the future. In 
addition, we may provide you with a marketing list which is separate and apart from the business counts 
list. We have the right to terminate your Franchise Agreement if you do not maintain Gross Sales greater 
than two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) per week for twelve consecutive weeks (except during the 
first twelve (12) months of operation). There are no circumstances under which we may modify your 
Territory without your consent. 
 
The Franchise Agreement grants you a license for a single TeamLogic IT® Business which will be 
operated from a single business location (or any approved business relocation) within your Territory. Your 
Territory is not a limitation on your marketing, or on the clients you may serve, and other franchisees may 
service clients in your Territory. You may face competition from other franchisees.  There are no limits on 
your right to use other channels of distribution, such as the internet, catalog, telemarketing, or other direct 
marketing outside of your Territory. 
 
You may purchase additional TeamLogic IT® franchises for the Initial Franchise Fee of $49,500. 
You must not have been in default of your existing franchise agreement, meet then current revenue 
requirements and operating standards, obtain our prior written approval, and sign a new, then current 
Franchise Agreement for an additional TeamLogic IT® franchise. You must change the term of any pre-
existing Franchise Agreements to be co-terminus with your new Franchise Agreement for the additional 
TeamLogic IT® franchise.  Using our experience and in keeping the best interests of TeamLogic, Inc. in 
mind, you must demonstrate to our satisfaction that you meet our managerial and business standards and 
possess good moral character and business experience. 
 
We will not, during the term of the Franchise Agreement, establish, own or operate, or grant a 
franchise for another person to own or operate another TeamLogic IT® Business within your Territory.  
 
Upon prior written consent by us, it may be possible for you to acquire additional TeamLogic IT 
franchise(s) for an Initial Fee of $49,500, subject to the terms of the then-current franchise agreement. We 
and our affiliates have and retain the right to directly or indirectly market within or outside of your Territory, 
products and/or services that are not sold through TeamLogic IT® Businesses, whether or not they use the 
Marks without compensation to you. We currently have no present intention to market or sell TeamLogic 
IT® products or services, which are offered at your TeamLogic IT® Business, inside your territory through 
alternative means of distribution (including the Internet) in the future. However, should this occur, we have 
no obligation to pay you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside your territory. 
