3 
Proprietary Information – The term “Proprietary Information” means all information deemed confidential 
by the Franchisor, including its trade secrets which are contained within the System (defined below) and 
are not generally known to the public, such as survey results, know-how, compilations, methods, techniques, 
“best practices” and processes that are gathered, assimilated and made available to Franchisee specifically 
to gain an advantage over their competitors or to be more successful in their Business. Proprietary 
Information made available to the Franchisee, and not to the public, shall be deemed confidential and will 
be protected by Franchisee. 
 
Service – A Service is recurring revenue that has the ownership of the technology residing with someone 
other than the end user or customer, including, but not limited to, software as a service (SaaS) and hardware 
as a service (HaaS). The customer procuring the services does not generally, except by exclusive contract, 
obtain exclusive ownership. Service also includes consulting, labor and installation charges to the customer. 
 
System – The term “System” shall mean the comprehensive marketing, sales, financial, technology and 
employee management systems prescribed by Franchisor, to be used in the conduct of the Business in this 
Agreement and the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, as amended from time to time. All elements 
of the System are confidential and proprietary and are considered trade secrets, and belong to Franchisor. 
Franchisee shall not receive any rights to the System other than a conditional license to use the System 
outlined herein. The System shall include, among other things, the Trademarks, Core Services, Non-Core 
Services, the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, the Franchisee intranet site, and all Franchisor-
produced advertising, marketing and sales programs, methods and techniques, vendor compilations, 
knowledge and know-how, survey results, customer and customer data obtained utilizing the System, 
TeamLogic IT® websites, URL’s and domain names. In its sole discretion, Franchisor may improve and/or 
change the System from time to time for the intended purpose of making the System more effective, 
efficient, economical, or competitive. 
 
TeamLogic IT® Managed Services – TeamLogic IT® Managed Services is Franchisor’s branded Managed 
Services offering. The TeamLogic IT® Managed Services solution consists of a variety of integrated services 
including technology that will proactively monitor the clients’ IT infrastructure, help detect problems and 
provide remote control access. Additionally, the Network Operations Center (NOC) provides proactive 
technical support, the Help Desk/Service Desk provides reactive end-user technical support and activity 
management, and the Business Continuity solutions provide back-up and disaster recovery and account 
management support. Franchisor’s Managed Services solution provides reports on performance 
optimization of the clients’ systems regardless of whether the clients’ technology is premised-based, in the 
cloud or a combination (hybrid). The revenue generated from these TeamLogic IT® Managed Services each 
month will be recurring revenue for the Franchisee. 
 
Territory – The term “Territory” shall mean that approved designated geographical area defined on the 
Territory Designation Sheet. 
 
Trademarks – The terms “Trademarks” shall mean the proprietary marks owned by Franchisor and 
registered or pending registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and common law 
trademarks and service marks, trade names, logos, tag lines, descriptors, designs and other commercial 
symbols which Franchisor now uses, or uses in the future to identify the TeamLogic IT® Business. 
 
 
