 
Page 5 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
ITEM 3. 
LITIGATION 
 
On January 11, 2024, TeamLogic, Inc.  (Teamlogic) and the California Commissioner of Financial 
Protection and Innovation entered into a Consent Order providing that, between December 2017 and 
February 2023, TeamLogic sold four (4) franchises procured through Franchise Brokers which TeamLogic 
did not have Salesperson disclosures on file with the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, 
and as a result violated California Corporations Code Section 31210 in four (4) occasions.  Teamlogic 
agreed to cease and refrain from violating Corporations Code section 31210 and from any violations of the 
Franchise Investment Law, and to pay an administrative penalty of $8,000.00 which it paid on January 16, 
2024. 
 
Other than this action, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this item.  
 
ITEM 4. 
BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this item. 
 
ITEM 5. 
INITIAL FEES 
 
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non-
refundable Initial Franchise Fee in the amount of $49,500. If Franchisee qualifies for a VetFran discount, 
the Initial Franchise Fee is $40,000. For multiple franchise purchases, the Initial Franchise Fee is $49,500, 
unless the multiple franchise will belong to a veteran in which the Franchise Fee would be $40,000. For a 
conversion franchise, the Initial Franchise Fee is $49,500. 
 
 The Initial Franchise Fee covers all training expenses for up to 2 people to attend Initial Training, 
transportation, 1 hotel room (with double occupancy), and some meals. The Initial Franchise Fee is fully 
earned by us and is non-refundable, unless you do not satisfactorily complete the Initial Training, in which 
case, we will refund your Franchise Fee less our direct costs associated with this Franchise, refund may 
range between $2,500 to $38,000.   
You may purchase additional TeamLogic IT® Franchises for the Initial Franchise Fee of $49,500. 
You must not have been in default of your existing franchise agreement, meet then current revenue 
requirements and operating standards, obtain our prior written approval, and sign a new, then current 
Franchise Agreement for an additional TeamLogic IT® franchise. You must change the term of any pre-
existing Franchise Agreements to be coterminous with your new Franchise Agreement for the additional 
TeamLogic IT® franchise. This means that your current Franchise Agreement(s) and your new Franchise 
Agreement will have the same starting date and expiration date.  Using our experience and in keeping the 
best interests of TeamLogic, Inc. in mind, you must demonstrate to our satisfaction that you meet our 
managerial and business standards and possess good moral character and business experience. 
 
If you are converting an existing independent information technology business into a TeamLogic 
IT® franchise, your Initial Franchise Fee is $49,500, and you must sign the Conversion Addendum in Exhibit 
“G” and the then current Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
 
