 
Page 15 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
INITIAL TRAINING 
Before opening your TeamLogic IT® Business, we will train you and one additional person at our 
corporate training facility located in Mission Viejo, California. The Initial Training is required for the 
TeamLogic IT® owner. It consists of up to 6 days (44 hours)* of classroom training, and 26 hours of Pre-
Opening Training and 61 hours of Post-Opening training, which are conducted online, or through webinars 
and phone consultation. The Initial Training must be scheduled and completed within two (2) months after 
signing the Franchise Agreement, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Franchisor. The instructional 
materials include a Brand Standards and Operations Manual, printed handouts, audio/visual presentations, 
hands-on instruction, role-play, case studies, and group interaction. Your training fee will cover all training 
expenses for up to 2 people to attend this Initial Training, including transportation for 2 people, 1 hotel 
room, and some meals. The second person will have up to 1 year after the date of the Franchise Agreement 
to attend Initial Training with these costs covered by the training fee, except for the hotel room, which will 
be at your expense. Attendance by the second person at Initial Training after one year will be at your 
expense. 
 
All franchise owners who will be responsible for full-time management of the Business are required 
to attend the Initial Training, which must be successfully completed to our satisfaction prior to opening, or 
taking over ownership of the Business. 
 
Additional trainees beyond 2 initially will be charged $1,000 per person for the respective training 
fee that is offered and payable prior to attending training. The additional trainees will be responsible for all 
transportation, lodging, and miscellaneous expenses. 
 
*Number of days/hours will be dictated by the number of attendees and the prior experience of 
attendees.  (Sessions with fewer attendees generally run shorter due to less one-on-one question 
time.) 
 
The instructors for the Initial Training will consist of our and Franchise Services, Inc.’s officers and 
employees as well as outside consultants. The Initial Training program is supervised by Lee Dye, SVP of 
Franchise Support and Training.  Mr. Dye’s experience is described in Item 2. Other members of our staff 
who have 5-30 years’ experience with us will also assist with training. 
 
Our Initial Training is held several times per year. Hours of instruction, per operating system are as 
follows: 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF 
ON THE 
JOB 
TRAINING 
LOCATION 
PRE-OPENING TRAINING 
• 
Setting up your Business 
• 
Preparing to Market your business 
• 
Professional Services Automation 
• 
Recruiting a Technician 
• 
Preparing for University Training 
• 
Profit Soup 
44 hours 
N/A 
Online, 
Webinars, 
Phone 
Consultation 
