E-1 
MULTI-STATE ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
The following states have laws that override the provisions stated in this Disclosure Document and the 
Franchise Agreement: California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New 
York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin: 
 
CALIFORNIA 
 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the commissioner. 
 
Item 17 Disclosure Document 
 
The franchise agreement requires you to sign a general release of claims upon renewal or transfer of the 
franchise agreement. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of 
that law or any rule or order is void. Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise 
Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 31000-31516). Business and Professions Code 
Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions 
Code Sections 20000 – 20043). 
 
California Corporations Code, Section 31125 requires us to give you a disclosure document, approved by the 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation before a solicitation of a proposed material modification 
of an existing franchise. 
 
Covenant Not to Compete 
Item 9 Disclosure Document; Sections 6.17 and 10.3(g) Franchise Agreement 
 
Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement are generally 
unenforceable in the State of California. 
 
Termination of the Franchise 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Section 10 Franchise Agreement 
 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you concerning 
termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is 
inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED 
AGREEMENTS TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE 
OFFERING CIRCULAR. 
 
Neither TeamLogic, Inc. any person or franchise broker in Item 2 of the FDD is subject to any currently 
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such person from membership in 
the association or exchange. 
 
The franchise agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur in Orange County, California 
with the costs being borne by the losing party. Prospective franchises are encouraged to consult private legal 
counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code 
Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedures Section 1281, and The Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions 
of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California. 
 
