TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
(A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF FRANCHISE SERVICES, INC.) 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022 
 
 
 
(7) 
 
NOTE 1 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Nature of Operations 
TeamLogic, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated on September 1, 2004, in the state of 
California. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franchise Services, Inc. (FSI or 
the Parent). The Company is engaged in the sale and service of domestic and international 
franchises that provides outsourced IT services for small and mid-sized businesses using 
the brand name “TeamLogic IT.”  
 
At December 31, 2024, the Company had 311 operating franchise locations. The total 
number of new franchises opened during 2024, 2023, and 2022 was 34, 20, and 29, 
respectively. The Company did not have any franchisor-owned units during these years. At 
December 31, 2024, there were 8 franchisees who have executed agreements but have not 
started operations. 
 
Affiliate Companies 
FSI also owns the following subsidiaries: 
 
Sir Speedy, Inc., headquartered in Mission Viejo, California, which sells and provides 
support to domestic and international franchised quick printing and marketing services 
centers using the brand name “Sir Speedy.” 
 
Postal Instant Press, Inc., headquartered in Mission Viejo, California, which sells and 
provides support to domestic and international franchised quick printing and marketing 
services centers using the brand name “PIP Printing.” 
 
Signal Graphics, Inc., headquartered in Mission Viejo, California, which sells and provides 
support to domestic franchised quick printing and marketing services centers using the 
brand name “Signal Graphics.” 
 
Summit Marketing Communications, Inc., headquartered in Mission Viejo, California, which 
is an advertising agency. 
 
Financial Statement Presentation 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). References to 
the “ASC” hereafter refer to the Accounting Standards Codification established by the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) as the source of authoritative U.S. GAAP. 
