 
Page 14 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
3. 
Provide you Initial Training as described in this Item 11 below (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 4.1 c); 
4. 
Provide you with signage specifications for any TeamLogic IT® leased location (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1 d & 6.8); 
 
5. 
Provide artwork and guidance for the vehicle signage (Franchise Agreement, Sections 4.1 e 
& 6.3) 
 
6. 
Provide you with specifications for the required hardware and software (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1 f); 
 
 
7. 
Provide you with specifications for required software licenses (Franchise Agreement Section 
4.1 g); 
 
8. 
Provide you with access to the Franchisee Intranet Site (Franchise Agreement Sections 2.3 
& 4.2 a). 
 
Continuing Obligations: 
Once your TeamLogic IT® Business is open, we will: 
1. 
Provide you with current available resources, that include (Franchise Agreement, Section 
4.2a): 
• Consulting and assistance by our representatives, including sales support, technical 
support and marketing and operations support; 
• Provide research and evaluation of technical products, services and vendors, including 
and not limited to servers, security, storage, backup and networking 
• Toll-free support line for telephone consulting; 
• Marketing materials and assistance; 
• Seminars and webinars; 
• Advice and information about new developments in the managed IT services industry; 
• Advertising materials; and 
• Access to the Franchisee Intranet Site. 
2. 
Administer the Advertising Fund (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2b). See “Advertising” 
below. 
 
3. 
Provide you with the initial supply of sales, marketing, and advertising tools and materials. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2c). 
 
4. 
Provide you with a dedicated TeamLogic IT® website for your location which will be linked 
to the master website at www.TeamLogicIT.com (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2d and 6.14). 
 
We are not obligated to perform these services to your particular level of satisfaction, but as a 
function of our experience, knowledge and judgment. We have no contractual obligation to maintain, repair, 
update or upgrade your computer system. 
 
 
