18 
hereby appointed as Franchisee’s irrevocable Attorney in Fact to effect same in name of Franchisee and 
Franchisee hereby holds the telephone company harmless from acting on this Power of Attorney, which 
shall supersede any subsequent instructions by Franchisee. This Agreement is evidence of the exclusive 
rights of Franchisor to such telephone numbers and directory listings and this Agreement shall constitute 
the authority for the telephone company to transfer the telephone numbers and directory listings as directed 
by Franchisor. Franchisee shall not use the disconnected number(s) at any time thereafter. 
 
c. 
Website, Franchisee Intranet Site, E-mail and URL addresses, Internet use and TeamLogic 
IT® Managed Services Software. Upon closing of the business or termination of the Franchise Agreement 
for any reason, or upon expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee shall cease all internet use of TeamLogic 
IT® including removing all URLs using any Franchisor’s trademarks, including “TeamLogic” or 
TeamLogic IT® or any variation thereof, or any other URLs used in the Business or licensed to Franchisee 
by Franchisor for use in the Business. Franchisee is required to terminate the use of and close business 
listing and/or online directory accounts, including, but not limited to, Google Adwords, Google My 
Business, Google Maps, Yahoo, Bing, LinkedIn, Mapquest, Yelp, Merchant Circle, Yellowbook, YP, 
Superpages, Whitepages, DexKnows, Manta, Local.com, Angie’s List, Foursquare, Citysearch and 
Facebook. Franchisee shall initiate a domain transfer process to Franchisor within 5 business days for any 
such URLs; if Franchisee does not initiate the process, Franchisee grants to Franchisor the right to contact 
the registrar and initiate a transfer to Franchisor. Franchisee’s access shall immediately cease to (i) 
Franchisor’s Intranet web site, (ii) the Franchisor-provided URL address for a Franchisee web site, (iii) 
RMM tools, (iv) the Professional Services Automation software, and (v) any e-mail addresses with the name 
TeamLogic IT®. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that all information contained in or obtained through 
the Professional Services Automation software regarding Franchisee’s clients and Franchisee’s TeamLogic 
IT® Business (the Electronic Information) has been gathered and created under Franchisor’s name, System, 
Trademarks, and Franchisor’s good will and therefore belongs to the Franchisor, and upon closing, 
termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, shall revert solely to Franchisor. 
 
d. 
Franchisee must immediately assign to Franchisor, and allow access to, all TeamLogic IT® 
Managed Services agents, the Professional Services Automation software, and any other customer 
relationship management (“CRM”) software, or the like (collectively referred to as “Client Management 
Tools”) used in relation to in Franchisee’s Business and its past and current customers. Franchisee hereby 
assigns to Franchisor (such assignment effective only upon closing, termination or expiration of the 
Franchise Agreement) all Franchisee’s interest in and to, Franchisee’s Client Management Tools, and in 
such case Franchisor shall step into the shoes of Franchisee with regard to those Client Management Tools, 
including any customer contracts, and Franchisee have no further obligation to service such clients, and 
shall not attempt to service such clients nor purport to represent that it will continue to service such clients. 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may further assign its position in the Client Management Tools 
or customer contracts to any third party without the consent of Franchisee and without any consideration to 
Franchisee. Franchisee shall not be entitled to any revenues from any software, contracts or relationships 
after termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. Franchisor or its assignee will pay for any 
ongoing fees associated with any Client Management Tools. Franchisee is not entitled to copies of any of 
the electronic information and all such copies shall be immediately returned to Franchisor. Franchisor  may 
use such electronic information in any manner in connection with its TeamLogic IT® franchise network. 
 
e. 
Monies Owed. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, or upon 
expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately pay all monies due Franchisor. 
