20 
11.2 
Requirements to Obtain Franchisor’s Approval of a Transfer. Franchisor may reasonably refuse 
approval to a proposed transfer unless all the following are met: 
 
a. 
Transferee must meet those standards of qualification as expected of all Franchisees 
purchasing a new TeamLogic IT® Franchise; 
 
b. 
Transferee must provide Franchisor three (3) years of financial statements and tax returns;  
 
c. 
All of Franchisee’s debts and obligations owing to Franchisor including Continuing 
Franchise Fees, Advertising Fees, TeamLogic IT® Managed Services Fees, software license fees, etc., must 
be paid before or concurrently with the transfer; 
 
d. 
Franchisee or the transferee must bring the Business and the vehicle signage and/or any 
graphics up to the current standards of appearances required by the Franchisor; 
 
e. 
Before the effectiveness of the transfer, Franchisee must pay to the Franchisor the then 
current non-refundable transfer fee of ($10,000 in year 2025). The transfer fee is waived in the event the 
TeamLogic IT® Business is transferred to a member of Franchisee’s immediate family who has actively 
participated in the operations of the Business; 
 
f. 
The proposed transferee must attend and complete the training specified in Section 4.1.c; and 
based on our experience and in keeping the best interests of TeamLogic, Inc. in mind, that the transferee 
demonstrate to our satisfaction that it meets our managerial and business standards, possesses good moral 
character and business experience, and has adequate financial resources and capital; 
 
g. 
Franchisee must enter into a Transfer Release Agreement (attached as Exhibit “H” to this 
Disclosure Document) with Franchisor. Franchisee hereby consents to Franchisor releasing any information 
concerning the Business to the transferee (new Franchisee) which Franchisee has reported to Franchisor; 
and 
 
h. 
Franchisor and the transferee must enter into a new Franchise Agreement upon the then 
current standard form being offered by Franchisor to new Franchisees and the old Franchise Agreement 
will be deemed terminated subject to all post-termination obligations. 
 
i. 
Franchisee must pay Franchisor any broker referral or commission fee due as a result of the 
buyer being first referred to Franchisor to purchase a new franchise, but instead decides to buy Franchisees’ 
business after visiting or talking with Franchisee. In such case if Franchisor is contractually obligated to 
pay the broker, then Franchisor’s consent will be reasonably withheld unless Franchisee pays the broker fee 
and commissions due as part of the consummation of the sale to the buyer. 
 
11.3 
Transfer to a related corporation/limited liability company. A transfer may be made to a related 
corporation/limited liability company, without a transfer fee, providing that Franchisee shall remain the 
legal and beneficial owner of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of all the shares of stock of such 
corporation/limited liability company during the term and/or renewal term of this Agreement and shall 
personally guarantee the franchise obligations of the corporation/limited liability company and shall remain 
jointly liable along with the corporation/limited liability company. Further, the names and home addresses 
of any proposed shareholders/members, along with the percentage and amount of shares/membership 
