9 
d. 
The Territory shall not be construed as a limitation on Franchisee’s marketing, or on the 
clients Franchisee may serve (except for National Account clients, as defined in Section 9 below), and 
Franchisee may service clients located in another franchisee’s Territory (except for National Account 
clients), and other franchisees may service clients in your Territory (except for National Account clients). 
 
5.2 
Business Location. Franchisee is required to obtain an office space business location within the 
Territory. Franchisee must maintain such business location, approved by Franchisor, throughout the term 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
5.3 
Relocation. Franchisee must request Franchisor’s approval to relocate its Business. Franchisee must 
make a written request to Franchisor at least thirty (30) days prior to any relocation, for Franchisor’s 
approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. Franchisor will notify Franchisee in writing of its 
approval or disapproval. Franchisee may not relocate outside its Territory or inside another TeamLogic IT® 
franchisee’s Territory. 
 
SECTION VI. 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS FOR MAINTENANCE 
AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS 
6.1 
Authorized Sales and Services. Franchisee is authorized and obligated to sell TeamLogic IT® 
products, services, and equipment including Core Services, Non-Core Services, and TeamLogic IT® 
Managed Services in accordance with this Agreement and the Brand Standards and Operations Manual. 
6.2 
Technician.  Prior to opening and operating the Business, and at all times during the conduct of the 
Business, Franchisee must have a minimum of one (1) onsite qualified technician that is certified on our 
RMM tools.  The technician has to be certified within 90 days after opening the business, and for the term 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
6.3 
Vehicle Signage/Graphics. Prior to opening and operating the Business, Franchisee is required to 
obtain, at a minimum, approved vehicle signage/graphics, the graphics for any leased or personal vehicle 
to be used in the Business using any approved vendor, at Franchisee’s cost. 
 
Additionally, prior to opening and operating the Business, Franchisee is required to obtain and 
display an owner/operator sign that clearly identifies and represents the Business in the marketplace as an 
independently owned and operated business to its employees and customers. 
 
6.4 
Local Marketing. Franchisee is required to spend a minimum of $2,500 a month for local marketing 
for the entire contract. In some market areas, more than $2,500 a month will need to be spent to remain 
competitive in the market.  
 
6.5 
Training. Prior to opening the Business, Franchisee must attend and successfully complete 
Franchisor’s Initial Training. 
 
6.6 
Bank Account. Prior to the opening date, the Business Franchisee must establish a bank account for 
the TeamLogic IT® Business that will allow electronic transfer of funds with Franchisor’s account; and shall 
execute all documents necessary to set up such preauthorized transfers. 
 
