13 
given access to any part of the System or Proprietary Information, each employee shall be required to 
execute a confidentiality agreement, with Franchisor listed as a third-party beneficiary. Failure to obtain a 
confidentiality agreement from an employee does not limit your liability in respect to protecting the 
Proprietary Information, and Franchisee shall indemnify Franchisor from employee’s improper use of 
Proprietary Information or System. 
 
6.19 
Franchisor’s Right to Electronic Access of Records/Inspection and Audit. Franchisee acknowledges 
that upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee will allow Franchisor to have electronic access to most 
operational aspects of Franchisee’s business through the Professional Services Automation software, 
including but not limited to client identity, appointments, invoicing, etc.  Further, Franchisee agrees to 
follow all suggested cybersecurity protocols as set forth by Franchisor and agrees to allow electronic access 
to Franchisor to confirm these protocols are in place and being adhered to.  Franchisee shall not take any 
steps to block or disengage Franchisor’s access in any manner. Franchisor will not use the information 
gained through the Professional Services Automation software for any purposes not connected to the 
TeamLogic IT® System. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may use this information for internal audit 
purposes of Franchisee’s Business, and may also conduct on site audits and inspections as well, during 
reasonable hours upon reasonable notice. Any discrepancy between the on-site information and the online 
information shall be reconciled accordingly. Costs of audits, which result in discrepancies of sales revenues 
under-reported to Franchisor, will be borne by Franchisee; if discrepancy is more than 2%. In addition, 
Continuing Franchise Fees and Advertising Fees shall be immediately due on all under-reported sales. 
 
6.20 
QuickBooks Online.  Franchisee is required to purchase and operate QuickBooks Online, which 
Franchisor will license and sell to Franchisee. 
 
6.21 
Financial Statements. Franchisee is required to submit to Franchisor a monthly financial statement 
to include a balance sheet and a profit and loss statement by the 25th day of the month following the end of 
each month. Franchisee is required to submit to Franchisor an annual year-end financial statement by 
February 15th for the prior calendar year. 
 
SECTION VII. 
TERM 
 
7.1 
Initial Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall be for ten (10) years from the date TeamLogic, 
Inc. signs this Agreement. 
7.2 
Additional Terms. Franchisee shall have the right to extend the TeamLogic IT® Franchise 
Agreement for additional ten (10) year terms upon the following terms and conditions: 
 
a. 
Franchisee must notify Franchisor of its intent not to renew not less than six (6) months and 
not more than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement; 
 
b. 
Franchisee must not be in material default of this Agreement or any other agreement with 
Franchisor; 
 
c. 
Franchisee must be current with all monetary obligations to Franchisor, its affiliates, 
approved vendors, or other TeamLogic IT® Franchisees; 
 
