4 
SECTION II. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
2.1 
Grant of Franchise. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants and the 
Franchisee does hereby accept a franchise to operate one (1) TeamLogic IT® Business office space within 
Franchisee’s territory throughout the term of this Agreement. Franchisee further agrees to continuously 
operate the Business only under the brand name TeamLogic IT® throughout the term of this Agreement, 
and will not operate any other business under any other trademark, service mark, name or license, except 
that of a TeamLogic IT® Business, at said franchised location, or any other location, during the term of this 
Agreement, without prior written authorization from Franchisor. 
 
2.2 
License of Trademarks. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the right, during the term hereof, to 
use and display the Trademarks in accordance with this Agreement and the Brand Standards and Operations 
Manual, solely in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business. Franchisee acknowledges that 
the Trademarks are the exclusive property of Franchisor and Franchisee does not, and will not in the future, 
assert any claim to any goodwill, reputation, or ownership of the Trademarks virtue of Franchisee’s use 
thereof. The rights granted herein by Franchisor is a non-exclusive, revocable, free from continuing 
franchise fees license. 
 
2.3 
Access to Franchisee Intranet Site. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee conditional and non- 
exclusive access to use and utilize the then current Franchisee Intranet Site in connection with the 
TeamLogic IT® Business, for the term of this Agreement and only as authorized by Franchisor. 
 
SECTION III. 
PAYMENTS BY FRANCHISEE 
 
3.1 
Initial Franchise Fee. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to 
Franchisor a non-refundable Initial Franchise Fee in the amount of $49,500. If Franchisee qualifies for a 
VetFran discount, the Initial Franchise Fee is $40,000. For multiple franchise purchases, the Initial 
Franchise Fee is $49,500, unless the multiple franchise will belong to a veteran in which the Franchise Fee 
would be $40,000. For a conversion franchise, the Initial Franchise Fee is $49,500. 
 
3.2 
Software License Fees. The annual software licenses fees are between $2,100 and $3,500 (subject 
to change), depending on the particular software, and a portion of the fees is payable to Franchisor and 
billed to franchisee on a monthly basis. The Professional Services Automation (“PSA”) software fees are 
payable to Franchisor. 
 
3.3 
Minimum and Continuing Franchise Fees. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor or its designees a 
Continuing Franchise Fee equal to seven percent (7%) of Franchisee’s monthly Gross Sales (as defined in 
Section 1), subject to the monthly minimums stated below. Continuing Franchise Fees are collected 
electronically on a monthly basis via automatic withdrawal from a pre-authorized account, without 
deduction for failure to collect from Franchisee’s clients. No offset is permitted against Continuing 
Franchise Fees for amounts due or allegedly due Franchisor by Franchisee. 
 
3.4 
Minimum Advertising Fees. Franchisee shall pay no advertising fund fees in the first 12 months. 
For the remainder of the contract, the greater of 1.2% of gross sales or $200 per month is due and payable 
to the Teamlogic IT® Advertising Fund. Methods and media employed, contents of advertising, and terms 
