 
 
 
CONVERSION ADDENDUM 
 
TeamLogic IT® Business #   
 
 
 
This Addendum is entered into on the Effective Date by and between TeamLogic, Inc. (“Franchisor”) and 
  
, (“Franchisee”), with respect to the following recitals. 
 
RECITALS 
 
WHEREAS, Franchisee currently owns and operates an independent (non-franchised) computer 
repair/consultation business located at  
the “Existing 
Business”) and desires to convert the Existing Business into a TeamLogic IT® Business; and 
 
WHEREAS, Franchisor and Franchisee have entered into, or are about to enter into a Franchise Agreement 
(“the Franchise Agreement”) for Franchisee to own and operate a TeamLogic IT® Business to be operated 
by converting the Existing Business to the TeamLogic IT® Business; and 
 
WHEREAS, Franchisor desires to consummate such a conversion, on the terms and conditions provided 
for herein, which terms and conditions shall supersede any conflicting provision in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
NOW THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows. 
 
1. 
Section I Definitions, Section 3.5 TeamLogic IT® Managed Services Fees, Section 6.9 TeamLogic 
IT® Managed Services: The following language is added to these sections: Franchisee must convert/migrate 
any existing managed services clients to TeamLogic IT® within 90 days of the Effective Date. 
 
2. 
Section 3.1 of the Franchise Agreement Initial Franchise Fee: The first sentence is replaced by and 
shall read: Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non- 
refundable Initial Franchise Fee in the amount of $49,500. 
 
 
3. 
Section 3.3 Minimum and Continuing Fees: The Continuing Franchise Fee outlined in Sections 3.3 
of the Franchise Agreement shall be modified as follows: For the first 12 months from the Effective Date of 
the Franchise Agreement, Continuing Franchise Fees shall be payable on only those Gross Sales that exceed 
an amount equal to: the average annual gross sales of Franchisee’s independent business, as calculated 
from the prior 36 months (“the Excluded Amount”). If Franchisee has been in business less than 36 months 
then the Excluded Amount shall be the average of all the months Franchisee has been in business for a 
monthly average multiplied by twelve. Franchisee shall pay the Continuing Franchise Fees as indicated 
 
 
Page 1 
Exhibit “G”
