1 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
This TeamLogic IT® Franchise Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement”) is entered into between TeamLogic, 
Inc., a California corporation (hereinafter “Franchisor”) and the undersigned (hereinafter “Franchisee”), with 
reference to the following facts: 
 
R E C I T A L S 
 
A. 
Franchisor has developed and is engaged in the ongoing development and operation of a 
“System” (as defined in Section 1 hereof) under certain Trademarks (as defined in Section 1 hereof) 
operated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and Franchisor’s “Brand Standards and 
Operations Manual” (as defined in Section 1 hereof), as it may be amended. 
 
B. 
Franchisor grants to persons that meet Franchisor’s qualifications, and are willing to 
undertake the investment and effort, a franchise to operate a TeamLogic IT® Business (as defined in Section 
1 hereof) and to utilize the System. 
 
C. 
Franchisor is the sole and exclusive owner of all proprietary and other rights and interests in 
and to the trade names and trademarks, “TeamLogic IT®,” and all other names, phrases and logos associated 
with or having acquired a secondary meaning by use with the TeamLogic IT® network and all variations, 
similarities and likenesses together with signs, emblems, insignia, color schemes and patterns used and/or 
associated with, or as part of, the TeamLogic IT® System; Franchisor also owns proprietary rights in a 
number of trade secrets such as operations manuals, instruction materials, compilations, vendor terms and 
contact information, information, knowledge and know-how, business and marketing processes and 
methods; and 
D. 
Franchisee desires to acquire the right to become a part of the TeamLogic IT® network and 
use the TeamLogic IT® System, trademarks, trade names and trade secrets in connection with the operation 
of a TeamLogic IT® Business. 
Acknowledging the above recitals, the parties mutually agree as follows: 
 
SECTION I. 
DEFINITIONS 
 
1. 
The following terms shall have the following meanings when they appear capitalized in this 
Agreement. 
 
Brand Standards and Operations Manual – The term “Brand Standards and Operations Manual” shall mean 
the proprietary manual containing policies and procedures to be adhered to by Franchisee in performing 
under this Agreement, including all updates and supplements provided to Franchisee by Franchisor. 
Business – The term “Business” shall mean the business operations of the TeamLogic IT® Franchise subject 
to this Franchise Agreement. 
 
