CLA (CliftonLarsonAllen LLP) is an independent network member of CLA Global. See CLAglobal.com/disclaimer. 
CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 
CLAconnect.com 
(1) 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
Board of Directors and Shareholders 
TeamLogic, Inc. 
Mission Viejo, California 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of TeamLogic, Inc. (the Company), which 
comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the related statements of 
operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related 
notes to the financial statements. 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of TeamLogic, Inc., as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the results of its 
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States 
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be 
independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the 
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions 
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern for one year after the date the financial statements are available to be 
issued. 
