E-9 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon 
the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State 
of New York. 
 
6. 
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements--No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement 
of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance 
on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise.  
 
7. 
Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act 
(N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the provided to a prospective franchisee 
before a sale may be made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise 
Disclosure Document at the earliest of the first personal meeting, ten (10) business days 
before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any consideration 
that relates to the franchise relationship.  
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
Addendum to North Dakota Disclosure Document and Franchise Agreement. 
 
The Securities Commissioner has held the following to be unfair, unjust or inequitable to North Dakota 
Franchisees (Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Century Code): 
 
Restrictive Covenants: Franchise Disclosure Documents which disclose the existence of covenants restricting 
competition contrary to Section 9-08, N.D.C.C., without further disclosing that such covenants will be subject 
to this statute. 
 
Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must agree to the arbitration 
of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the franchisees’ business. 
 
Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside of 
North Dakota. 
 
Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota Franchisees to consent to liquidated 
damages or termination penalties. 
 
Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements which specify that they are to be governed by the laws of a state 
other than North Dakota. 
 
Waiver of Jury Trial: Section 12.3 of the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisees to consent to a waiver 
of jury trial is deleted. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
 
 
