15 
 
8.5 
Modification of Trademarks. Franchisor may add to, substitute, modify, or delete any or all of the 
Trademarks from time to time, by directive in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual. Franchisee will 
accept, use, display, or cease using, as may be applicable, the Trademarks, including but not limited to, any 
such modified or additional trade names, trademarks, service marks, descriptors, logos, or commercial 
symbols, at Franchisee’s expense. 
 
8.6 
Franchisors Rights in Event of Termination. Franchisee’s usage of the Trademarks and any goodwill 
established thereby is to Franchisor’s exclusive benefit and Franchisee retains no right or rights in the 
Trademarks upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, Franchisee must completely and permanently discontinue all usage of all of the Trademarks, 
and Franchisor may, if Franchisee does not do so, execute in Franchisee’s name and on Franchisee’s behalf 
any and all documents necessary, in Franchisor’s judgment, to end and cause a discontinuance of the use 
by Franchisee of the Trademarks including any fictitious or assumed name registrations and Franchisor is 
hereby irrevocably appointed and designated as Franchisee’s attorney-in- fact to do so. 
 
8.7 
Trademark Infringement Claims and Defense of Trademarks. If Franchisee receives notice or 
otherwise becomes aware of any claim, suit or demand against it by any party other than Franchisor on 
account of any alleged infringement, unfair competition or similar matter arising from its use of the 
Trademarks, Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of any such claim, suit or demand. Franchisor 
shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether to defend, compromise or settle any such claim, suit or 
demand at Franchisor’s cost and expense, and Franchisee shall cooperate fully in such matter. 
 
SECTION IX. 
NATIONAL ACCOUNTS 
 
Franchisee may contract with companies that have a national or multi-location regional presence 
that may desire TeamLogic IT® goods and/or services through a uniform pricing structure for all or many 
of their locations (“National Accounts” or “National Account”). 
 
Franchisees drive and manage the activity of the National Accounts program. Franchisor has 
provided franchisees with recommended operating guidelines, an inter-company payments schedule, and 
suggested SLAs. These guidelines are maintained in the TeamLogic IT® Brand Standards and Operations 
Manual. 
 
Further, the National Account may use any TeamLogic IT® office regardless of geographic proximity 
to the franchisee. If a franchisee chooses not to participate in a specific National Account program or does 
not adhere to agreed-upon pricing for the National Account, they may opt-out and that business will be 
offered to another TeamLogic IT® franchisee. 
 
SECTION X. 
TERMINATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
 
10.1    Termination With Opportunity to Cure. Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement and 
Franchise for the defaults for which Franchisee has not cured: 
 
