 
Page 27 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
7. “Gross Revenue” is defined as all revenue from all services that a Qualified Franchisee derives from 
operating all of its Businesses, and includes hourly services, managed services, product resale, and 
professional project services, commission and agency revenue, reseller revenue and other, (cloud services, 
technical support, break/fix services, training, consulting services, and other technical services) whether one-
time or recurring, and commissions paid by alliance partners and revenue from hardware or software sales.  
This excludes freight and sales tax. 
 
8. TeamLogic IT
® is a franchised service operation that relies on a business-client base that must be built 
over time, often from scratch.  It can take 2 years or more to create an operation that offers a statistically 
accurate representation.  Given that many franchisees do not complete the establishment of their Businesses 
in the first 12 months, to include operations younger than 24 months would show a distorted and unrealistic 
picture of business revenues.  We offer certain discounts and Minimum CFF suspensions for the entire first 
year in recognition that this time is spent building a client base. In addition, some franchisees have converted 
existing independent IT service businesses into TeamLogicIT® Businesses with a full and active client base, 
while other franchisees are starting new businesses with no clients.  These outlets present starkly different 
revenue profiles in their first year of operations compared to traditional, new franchises. Including only 
franchisees that have been operational for at least 24 months, starts to balance the inherent performance and 
statistical discrepancies in this aspect of the franchisees’ Gross Revenue figures. 
 
9. Because a TeamLogic IT
® Business franchisee’s revenue depends primarily on a recurring base of clients 
developed over a period of time, Qualified Franchisees who operate for longer periods, and/or who operate 
multiple TeamLogic IT® Businesses/Territories, typically realize higher (in some cases significantly higher) 
Gross Revenue, than Qualified Franchisees who have operated for shorter periods or who operate only one 
Business/Territory. 
 
10. Each of the Qualified Franchisees offers primarily the same products and services that we expect new 
TeamLogic IT® Business franchisees to offer, and each receives primarily the same services from us that we 
expect new franchisees to receive. The Qualified Franchisees also face generally the same competition from 
other similar businesses that we expect new franchisees will face. 
 
 
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made available to the 
prospective franchisee upon reasonable request.  Prospective franchisees and sellers of franchises should be 
advised that no certified public accountant has audited these figures or expressed his or her opinion concerning 
their contents or form. 
 
 
Some outlets have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no assurance that 
you’ll sell as much. 
 
 
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, TeamLogic, Inc. does not make any 
financial performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make 
any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may 
provide you with the actual records of that outlet.  If you receive any other financial performance information 
or projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by contacting 
Thomas Muller at 26722 Plaza, Mission Viejo, California 92691, (949) 582-6300, the Federal Trade 
Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.  
 
 
