19 
 
f. 
Client, Supplier Notification. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, 
or upon expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately notify all suppliers and clients that, as 
of the date of termination/expiration of the Agreement, Franchisee is no longer associated with Franchisor 
and the TeamLogic IT® Network and that such clients will be transferred to a nearby TeamLogic IT® 
Business (or as otherwise directed by Franchisor). Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a list of all such 
suppliers and clients in hard copy, electronic form or in whatever form or media contained, and shall 
cooperate in an orderly transfer of the client files and client list to the nearby TeamLogic IT® (or as directed 
by Franchisor). Franchisor shall have the right to notify such suppliers and clients and/or verify that such 
notification has been given by Franchisee. 
 
g. 
Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of the 
Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee shall not be associated directly or indirectly as employee, proprietor, 
stockholder (other than a publicly traded company), partner, agent, officer, director or consultant with the 
operation of any business which is the same or substantially similar to the business covered by this 
Agreement (except with a TeamLogic IT® Business), within a radius of twenty-five (25) miles of the subject 
assigned Territory or of any TeamLogic IT® Business for a period of two (2) years from the date Franchisee 
has complied with all of the above requirements upon termination. For a period of two (2) years from the 
date of termination, Franchisee shall not solicit, or cause anyone to solicit, business from or make any 
contact with, the former TeamLogic IT® Business’s clients, and not interfere with existing employees of 
TLI businesses or Franchisor. Franchisor shall have the right to enforce this provision by way of obtaining 
an injunction against Franchisee in the state the Business is located. It is agreed that this provision shall 
specifically survive the termination of the Franchise Agreement, and the rejection of the Franchise 
Agreement in any bankruptcy proceeding. Franchisee shall be responsible to pay Franchisor Continuing 
Franchise Fees and other damages during any period of violation of this section. 
 
h. 
Prohibited Actions. If Franchisee, or any agent, association, relative, or employee of 
Franchisee, takes any action to terminate this Agreement or to convert Franchisee’s Business to another 
business at the same or different location (whether during the term or upon expiration or termination of 
Franchise Agreement), then such action by Franchisee shall be deemed a wrongful repudiation of the 
Franchise Agreement and Franchisee shall continue to be obligated to the Franchisor for all anticipated and 
estimated fees due hereunder until such time as this Agreement expires. 
 
10.4 
Termination by Franchisee.  The Franchisee may terminate under any grounds permitted by law.  
 
SECTION XI. 
TRANSFER BY FRANCHISEE 
 
11.1 
Consent to Transfer Required. The Franchisee shall not, without the Franchisor’s prior written 
consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or 
otherwise, sell, assign, transfer, convey to any person, firm or corporation, or encumber any portion of his 
interest in this Agreement, and/or in the franchise granted hereby, or in the assets of the business, or in any 
location lease, or offer to do so, or permit the same, and any purported transfer without Franchisor’s consent 
shall constitute a material default hereunder and shall be null and void. 
 
