TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
(A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF FRANCHISE SERVICES, INC.) 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022 
 
 
 
(10) 
NOTE 1 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers (Continued) 
Managed Services – The Company collects fees for managed services from its 
franchisees based on the number of licenses used. Fees for managed services are 
recorded as revenue monthly as services are provided and collectability of the fees is 
reasonably assured. 
 
Franchise Advertising Contributions – The franchisees contribute to an advertising fund 
managed by the Company. Under the franchise agreements, advertising contributions 
received from franchisees must be spent on advertising, product development, 
marketing and related activities. Franchise advertising contributions are recognized as 
franchisees’ sales occur.  
 
Deferred Franchise Costs 
Deferred franchise costs represent commissions that are direct costs incurred in conjunction 
with the sales of a franchise. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the franchise agreement.  
 
Deferred Revenue 
Deferred revenue represents franchise fees received from franchisees that have signed 
franchise agreements but have not yet opened their location. 
 
Income Taxes 
For federal tax purpose, an election was made to treat the Company and its Parent 
(Franchise Services, Inc.) as Qualified Subchapter S Subsidiaries (QSSS). As a QSSS, the 
Company and its Parent are not treated as separate corporations and all assets, liabilities, 
items of income, deduction, and credit of the Company and its Parent are treated as assets, 
liabilities, items of income, deduction, and credit of the parent of Franchise Services, Inc. 
 
The Company provides for state taxes for various jurisdictions that either treat the Company 
as a separate corporation or impose a franchise tax. 
 
Long-Lived Assets 
The Company accounts for impairment and disposition of long-lived assets in accordance 
with FASB ASC 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment. FASB ASC 360-10 requires 
impairment losses to be recognized for long-lived assets used in operations when indicators 
of impairment are present and the undiscounted future cash flows are not sufficient to 
recover the assets’ carrying amount. There was no impairment of the value of such assets 
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 
Advertising Costs 
Advertising and promotional costs not associated with the advertising funds are charged to 
operations when incurred. Advertising and promotional costs totaled $496,000, $438,000, 
and $371,000, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
Advertising and promotional costs are included in selling, general and administrative 
expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. 
