 
Page 23 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
ITEM 15. 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION 
OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must directly supervise and participate in the day-to-day operations of the TeamLogic IT® 
Business. If you hire a manager, then the manager must sign a written agreement to maintain confidentiality. 
There is no limitation on who you may hire for a manager, except you cannot hire a person who concurrently 
works for a competing business. The manager need not have an equity interest in the Franchise. If 
Franchisee is an entity, all owners of an interest in the Franchisee entity and their spouse will be required to 
personally sign a guarantee of the entity (See signature pages of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
 
We will not approve the sale of a TeamLogic IT® Business to an Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
(“ESOP”). 
 
ITEM 16. 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
You are authorized, and required, to offer the minimum required Core Services in connection with 
your TeamLogic IT® Business, and certain related Non-Core Services, as well as The TeamLogic IT® 
Managed Services. All services must be provided and sold through your TeamLogic IT® Business. You 
may not sell any products or provide any services on a wholesale basis except to other TeamLogic IT® 
locations. 
 
You cannot offer Non-Core Services unless you can perform these services either through a brokered 
agreement or by qualified on-staff technicians. You must offer and provide those services, and offer and sell 
those products that we designate from time to time. Those services and products may or may not include 
the services and products currently provided and sold by TeamLogic IT® Businesses. There is currently no 
restriction on the types of authorized goods and services we designate as Core Services. 
 
You may not offer or provide any services, or offer and sell any products, not specifically approved 
in writing by us. In addition, you may not offer or provide any services, or offer and sell any products, in 
a manner, form or configuration (including without limitation for resale) other than as specifically approved 
in writing by us. You may not use the premises on which your TeamLogic IT® franchise business is 
conducted for any business purpose other than the operation of your TeamLogic IT® Business and the sale 
of products approved by us, unless specifically approved in writing by us. 
 
Failure to adhere to these restrictions shall constitute a material default of the Franchise Agreement, 
which default must be cured within 20 days of notice or the Franchise Agreement can be terminated. 
 
 
 
 
 
(The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.) 
 
