 
party relating to the purchase, operation or sale of FRANCHISEE’S TeamLogic IT® Business. 
FRANCHISEE specifically releases TEAMLOGIC from any restriction on disclosing any and all financial 
relating to information relating to FRANCHISEE’S TeamLogic IT® Business to the buyer and expressly 
authorizes such disclosures at any time. TEAMLOGIC and FRANCHISEE hereby waive any and all rights 
they may now or hereafter have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, as presently worded or as 
hereafter amended, (and any similar statute of any other jurisdiction) which section presently reads as 
follows: 
 
“A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party 
does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the 
release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her 
settlement with the debtor or released party.” 
 
Nothing contained in this general release shall operate to waive or release any claims arising from any 
breach or non-performance of this Agreement, nor of any of FRANCHISEE’S obligations through the 
termination date and post-termination obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
3. 
FRANCHISEE hereby agrees to defend and indemnify TEAMLOGIC for and against any 
and all losses, liabilities, costs, expenses, etc. as a result of any alleged claims of misrepresentation by 
FRANCHISEE to the purchaser of the TeamLogic IT® Business, either orally or in writing and whether 
meritorious or not. 
 
4. 
This Agreement shall become effective upon the closing and consummation of the sale of 
FRANCHISEE’S Teamlogic IT to the named Buyer above. Should the Transfer not close or consummate 
for any reason, then TEAMLOGIC’s consent is voided, and FRANCHISEE must obtain TEAMLOGIC’s 
consent to transfer to any substitute buyer.  Should FRANCHISEE and Buyer materially change the terms 
of the purchase after this Agreement is executed, FRANCHISEE must obtain TEAMLOGIC’s amended 
consent to the revised term. 
 
5. 
This Agreement reflects the entire agreement of the parties, and all prior oral or written 
agreements, statements, and representations made by any of the parties are intended to be merged with this 
Agreement. All of the parties acknowledge that no other statements or representations have been made to 
such party by any other party concerning any matter that is the subject of this Agreement. 
 
 
This Agreement may be executed and exchanged in counterparts by fax, email or DocuSign and the 
faxed/emailed/docusigned generated executed copies shall have the same legal force and effect as copies 
bearing original signatures of the parties. 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
 
 
By:  
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 
Exhibit “H”
