24 
e. 
Right of Successors. The Franchisor has the right to assign the Franchise Agreement and all 
its rights and privileges thereunder, to any other person, firm, or corporation, provided that the assignee is 
financially responsible and economically capable of performing the obligations of the Franchisor. The 
Assignee must also assume and agree to perform all obligations of the Franchisor under the Franchise 
Agreement. The Franchisee’s consent is not required for any such assignment. 
 
f. 
Previous Agreements and Representations. Upon execution of this Agreement by both 
parties, all previous agreements, contracts, arrangements or understandings of any kind relative to the 
franchise herein granted are canceled and all claims and demands thereon are fully satisfied. 
 
g. 
No Representations. No agent or representative of Franchisor has authority to make any 
representations, statements, warranties, or agreements not herein expressed. 
 
h. 
Notice. Whenever, under the terms of this Agreement, notice is required, the same shall be 
given in writing and delivered personally or by certified mail (postage prepaid) or by recognized courier 
(UPS, FedEx) or by DocuSign delivery. Notice shall be deemed delivered three (3) business days after 
notice has been sent by certified mail (whether or not the return receipt has been returned to the sender) and 
deemed delivered by courier when delivered to the recipient or his/her/its agent, representative, spouse or 
employee or by DocuSign delivery to recipient’s email address. All such notices intended for the Franchisor 
shall be addressed to it at: 
 
TeamLogic, Inc. / Attn: President 
26722 Plaza 
Mission Viejo, California 92691 
 
or as may be designated in writing by Franchisor. Notice to Franchisee shall be directed to the Business 
address or to the Franchisee’s home address. 
 
i. 
Terminology and Construction. All terms and words used in this Agreement regardless of 
the number and gender in which they are used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, 
singular and plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context or sense of this 
Agreement or any section, paragraph or clause herein may require, as if such words had been fully and 
properly written in the appropriate number and gender. If Franchisee consists of two (2) or more individuals 
or entities, such individuals and/or entities shall be jointly and severally liable hereunder. 
 
j. 
Entire Agreement; Modification. The Franchise Agreement and the accompanying 
Disclosure Document together contain the entire Agreement of the parties and there are no representations, 
inducements, promises, or agreements, other than those duly executed in writing. This or any other 
agreement of any kind or any addendum or exhibit, amending, altering or changing the context of any 
portion hereof, shall not be binding unless it is executed by an appropriate officer at TeamLogic IT® 
Corporate offices and by Franchisee or Franchisee’s representative. Certain aspects of the franchise 
relationship may be affected by changes in the Franchisor’s Brand Standards and Operations Manual. The 
Franchisor may make such modifications without Franchisee’s approval, so long as they are reasonable and 
apply uniformly to all Franchisees. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to 
disclaim the representations we made in the franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. 
 
