E-4 
 
MARYLAND 
 
Renewal, Termination and Transfer 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Section 10, 11 Franchise Agreement 
 
In accordance with Maryland Law, Item 17, the appropriate sections of the Franchise Agreement are amended 
to state that the general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not 
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
Previous Agreements and Representations, Sections 13f and 13g Franchise 
Agreement Acknowledgement, Section 14 Franchise Agreement 
 
The Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law prohibits a franchisor from requiring a prospective 
franchisee to assent to any release, estoppel or waiver of liability as a condition of purchasing a franchise. 
Any disclaimer regarding the occurrence and/or acknowledgment of the non-occurrence of acts that would 
constitute a violation of the Franchise Law in order to purchase the franchise are not intended to nor shall 
they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law. This amends Section 14 of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Arbitration 
Item 17 Disclosure Document; Section 12 Franchise Agreement 
 
This franchise agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland franchise 
regulation states that it is unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive its right to file a lawsuit 
in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, 
there is some dispute as to whether this forum selection requirement is legally enforceable. 
 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document and Section 12.3 of the Franchise Agreement are amended to state that 
any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 
three (3) years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
Termination 
Item 17 Disclosure Document 
 
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which provides for termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee 
may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
Date:  
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
 
Date:  
 
By:  
 
 
