14 
d. 
Franchisee must execute Franchisor’s then current form of Franchise Agreement, which may 
contain terms and conditions materially different from those in this Agreement; 
 
e. 
Franchisee must pay a two thousand dollar ($2,000) franchise renewal fee; 
 
f. 
Franchisee must satisfy Franchisor’s then current qualifications and training requirements 
for new Franchisees, at franchisee’s expense; 
 
g. 
Franchisee must bring the TeamLogic IT® Business location, vehicle signage and any 
graphics up to current standards for look, design, and function as is required of all new TeamLogic IT® 
Franchisees; and 
 
h. 
Franchisee must execute a general release, in the form prescribed by Franchisor, of any and 
all claims against Franchisors and its officers, affiliates and agents. 
 
SECTION VIII. 
TRADEMARKS 
 
8.1 
Use of Trademarks. Franchisee must use the Trademarks in connection with the operation of the 
TeamLogic IT® Business in the manner authorized by Franchisor and in no other manner, and must 
prominently display the Trademarks in the manner as designated by Franchisor and may not use other 
trademarks, service marks, logotypes, trade dress, product identifiers, tag lines, etc., other than the 
Trademarks, as designated from time to time. 
 
8.2 
Corporate Name. Franchisee may not use the name “TeamLogic IT®” (or any substantially similar 
name) or “SystemWatch IT®” or any of the Trademarks now or hereafter utilized by Franchisor as a part of 
the legal name of Franchisee’s corporation or other entity, but must obtain the fictitious or assumed name 
registrations that may be required under applicable law. Franchisee must be identified as the owner of the 
Business by displaying Franchisee’s legal name on all licenses and permits for the Business and on all 
checks, invoices, receipts, contracts, and other documents that bear any of the Trademarks. On all printed 
materials, Franchisee’s name must be followed by the phrase “An independently owned and operated 
franchise of TeamLogic, Inc.” or such other phrase as designated from time to time. In addition, use of the 
Trademarks must be accompanied by the registration, service marksm, trademark or other symbol, as 
designated by Franchisor, in close proximity to the Trademarks. 
 
8.3 
Franchisor Retained Rights. Franchisee’s usage of the Trademarks granted hereunder is 
nonexclusive, and Franchisor retains the right to, among other things: (a) use the Trademarks in connection 
with selling products and services; (b) grant other licenses for the Trademarks, in addition to those licensees 
already granted to existing franchisees; (c) develop and establish other systems using the same or similar 
marks, or any other proprietary marks, and (d) grant licenses or franchises in those systems without 
providing any rights to Franchisee. 
 
8.4 
Acts in Derogation of the Trademarks. Franchisee agrees that it will not, and its employees and 
agents will not, do or permit any act or thing to be done in derogation of any of the Trademarks nor engage 
in any acts or conduct that materially impair or impugn the name, reputation, market recognition or goodwill 
associated with the TeamLogic IT® network, the System or the Trademarks. 
