 
Page 18 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
of the network websites. The Network Advertising Program is created for national presence, and is not 
geared for any specific local or regional area, although certain activities may have presence in some areas 
more than in others. We are not required to spend any particular amount on advertising in any particular 
franchisee’s territory. 
All print advertising materials and collateral for the TeamLogic IT® Network Advertising Program 
are currently created by an affiliate of ours, Summit Marketing Communications, Inc. (“Summit”). Summit 
will purchase all media advertising. Summit will generate typical advertising commissions for the 
placement of media advertising and for creative development.  
 
We allocate 100% of the Ad Fund revenue to the Network Advertising Program and reserve the right 
to allocate no more than 15% of the Ad Fund revenue for general administrative expenses.   Of the Ad Fund 
expenditures in 2024, 38% was spent on Lead Nurturing, 15% on National Marketing Support, 13% on 
Website/Email/Domain, 12% on Media, 12% on Content, 6% on Search and Display, 3% on Production 
and Creative and 1% on other expenses (including Customer Experience, Public Relations and Research).  
The Ad Fund does not otherwise benefit us or any affiliate.  Ad Fund fees not spent in the fiscal year in 
which they were collected will be carried over to the next fiscal year.  We will send you an unaudited annual 
financial statement for the Ad Fund. 
 
You may create and utilize your own independent advertising materials with our prior review and 
approval. 
 
We have an Owners’ Marketing Advisory Council (“OMAC”) for the purpose of consulting our 
advertising, marketing and sales programs. There are four franchisee members that we appoint that serve 
approximately 2-year terms on OMAC. OMAC members serve in an advisory capacity and may be changed 
at our discretion.  This program may be cancelled at any time. 
 
COOPERATIVE ADVERTISING 
 
Franchisees in the same geographic area may form a local Advertising Cooperative Association 
(“ACA”) to conduct cooperative local advertising. If a majority of the Franchisees in your area want to form 
an ACA, you must join and contribute dues agreed to by the majority. We will not be a member, but will 
act in an advisory capacity. Any company-owned TeamLogic IT® Business located in the designated 
geographic area will also contribute dues. Geographic areas are defined by the Dominate Market Area 
(“DMA”) as may be defined by the radio and television industries. The ACA members themselves 
administer the ACA, create the ACA rules and enforce those rules. (Generally, an ACA will have formal 
Bylaws and Articles of Association prepared, but these are not required by us for an ACA formation.) We 
will recognize an ACA upon a majority of signatures of Franchisees in the area and will provide consultation 
and advice concerning cooperative advertising in the area. We cannot form, change or dissolve an ACA 
without a majority vote of that ACA’s members. ACA’s are not required to prepare annual financial 
statements. If there is an ACA in existence in your prospective area, you must join it and should obtain 
information concerning dues and advertising benefits. ACA dues are determined by the members and can 
range from $50 to $500 per month. 
 
TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENTS 
When you start your new TeamLogic IT® Business, you are required to have several pieces of 
computer equipment for you and your technicians to effectively operate your business. 
 
 
