23 
involving Franchisor or Franchisee. Franchisor and Franchisee both hereby waive the right to assert the 
principles of collateral estoppel in any action between them. Franchisor and Franchisee hereby waive any 
right to a jury trial. 
 
SECTION XIII. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
13. 
The parties further agree as follows: 
 
a. 
Independence of Franchisee/Indemnity. Franchisee is, and shall be at all times during the 
term of this Agreement, an independent contractor and not an agent or employee of the Franchisor. The 
Franchisee is not a partner or joint venturer with the Franchisor. This Agreement does not create a fiduciary 
relationship between the parties. Franchisee is solely responsible for the day-to-day control of Franchisee’s 
TeamLogic IT® Business. Neither Franchisee nor any of Franchisee’s employees are in any way, directly 
or indirectly, expressly or by implication, to be construed to be Franchisor’s employees for any purpose. 
Franchisee is solely responsible for all terms of employment of Franchisee’s employees and personnel. Any 
requirements, restrictions or specifications which Franchisee is required to comply with under this 
Agreement, whether set forth in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual or otherwise, do not directly or 
indirectly constitute, suggest, infer or imply that Franchisor controls any aspect or element of the day-to-
day operations of the Business, which Franchisee alone controls, but only constitute standards Franchisee 
must adhere to when exercising Franchisee’s control of the day-to-day operations of Franchisee’s Business. 
Franchisee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Franchisor, its affiliates, and their respective 
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, representatives, and agents from and against any and all 
actions, causes of actions, claims, suits, fines, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, and fees (including attorney 
fees) of any kind arising out of or in connection with Franchisee’s TeamLogic IT® Business, including but 
not limited to personal injury, property damage, violation of the rights of others, negligent or intentional 
corruption of data, joint employer liability issues, or any wrongful use of System, Proprietary Information 
or other Franchisor- owned material by electronic medium or otherwise. 
 
b. 
Abandonment or Surrender by Franchisee/Close of Business. If Franchisee shall, for any 
reason, abandon (as defined in Section 10.1d above) or surrender all or any part of its rights and privileges 
under this Agreement, all such rights shall revert to the Franchisor. However, Franchisee shall not have the 
right to abandon its obligations under this Agreement.  Closing or abandoning your franchise business is a 
breach of contract, entitling the Franchisor to damages for minimum fees due for the remainder of the 
contract term. 
 
c. 
Waiver. No delay, waiver, omission or forbearance on the part of Franchisor to exercise any 
right, option or power arising out of any breach or default by Franchisee, or by any other Franchisee, of any 
of the terms, provisions or covenants contained herein, shall constitute a waiver by Franchisor thereof to 
enforce any such right, option or power as against Franchisee, or as to a subsequent breach or default by 
Franchisee. 
 
d. 
Severability. Should any provision of the Agreement for any reason be construed or declared 
to be invalid, such decision shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which remaining portion 
shall remain in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with such invalid portion 
eliminated. 
 
