7 
d. 
Provide signage specifications for any TeamLogic IT® office space location. The latest 
version of signage specifications including layout and color options will be made available to help you 
prepare the most appropriate layout to meet the requirements of your landlord or building management firm. 
 
e. 
Provide artwork and guidance for the vehicle signage. It is important that consistency of 
vehicle signage and graphics be maintained throughout the TeamLogic IT® Network in order to build brand 
awareness as the network grows. 
 
f. 
Provide you with specifications for the required hardware and software you will need to 
operate your TeamLogic IT® Business. 
g. 
Provide the specifications for required third-party vendor software licenses. To operate your 
TeamLogic IT® Business, you must have several software licenses. These specific licenses may change 
from time to time as the vendor’s upgrade/modify their software licenses. Franchisor will provide 
Franchisee with the specific list and accompanying costs of the necessary current versions, which are 
available at the time, you sign this Agreement. Franchisor does not develop or license its own proprietary 
software but may do so in the future. Franchisor does not make any warranties or guaranties upon which 
Franchisee may rely, and assumes no liability or obligation to Franchisee, for any third-party software. 
 
h. 
Provide training on our Professional Services Automation software database. TeamLogic 
will ensure that you have the proper access to training for you to use this software system that will help you 
manage the day-to-day operations of your TeamLogic IT® Business as well as enable you with the tools you 
will need to track and engage your clients with the TeamLogic IT® Managed Services. 
 
4.2 
Continuing Obligations. Once your TeamLogic IT® Business is open, TeamLogic will: 
a. 
Provide you with current available resources, that include: 
• Consulting and assistance by TeamLogic support representatives, including sales 
support, technical support, and marketing and operations support; 
• Provide research and evaluation of technical products, services and vendors, including 
but not limited to servers, security, storage, backup and networking; 
• Toll-free support line for telephone consulting; 
• Marketing materials and assistance; 
• Seminars and webinars; 
• Advice and information about new developments in the computer consultation, repair 
and managed services industry; 
• Advertising materials; 
• Access to the Franchisee Intranet Site; 
• Provide access to the Professional Services Automation software; 
• Provide access to End-user Help Desk and NOC; and 
• IT Consulting/Strategic Advice. 
b. 
Administer the Network-wide Advertising Fund. 
 
c. 
Provide the initial supply of sales, marketing, and advertising tools and materials for 
Franchisee to use to implement the TeamLogic IT® Marketing and Sales Management System in 
