TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
(A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF FRANCHISE SERVICES, INC.) 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022 
(9) 
NOTE 1 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers 
The Company’s revenue includes initial franchise fees, transfer fees, continuing franchise 
fees, franchise advertising contributions, and other revenue relating to various managed 
services, interest and other income. The Company recognizes revenue when its customer 
obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration 
which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To 
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are 
within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify 
the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) 
determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance 
obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a 
performance obligation. 
The Company adopted FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2021-02 
Franchisors – Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 952-606). ASU 2021-02 
provides a practical expedient for franchisors to account for certain pre-opening services as 
distinct from the franchise license when identifying performance obligations under ASC 606. 
The Company has elected to treat the pre-opening services as a single performance 
obligation.  
The initial franchise fee is $49,500 for a new franchise, $40,000 for eligible veterans, 
$49,500 for any subsequent franchises opened by the same franchisee, and $49,500 for a 
conversion franchise. 
Under franchise agreements, the Company provides franchisees with (i) a franchise license, 
which includes a license to use intellectual property and advertising and promotion 
management, (ii) pre-opening services, such as training and inspections, and (iii) ongoing 
services, such as development of training materials. The services provided under the 
franchise agreements are extensive. 
Initial, Transfer, And Renewal Franchise Fees – Upon execution of a franchise 
agreement, the franchisee is required to pay a franchise fee to the Company. In 
connection with the franchise fee, the Company provides services and support to the 
franchisee for its pre-opening activities, such as site selection and training. These pre-
opening services provided by the Company are a single performance obligation and the 
franchise fee is recognized upon satisfaction and completion of the pre-opening services 
by the Company. Generally pre-opening services are complete upon the opening of the 
franchisee’s location. If the pre-opening services are not complete or are in process, the 
Company records the franchise fee received as a contract liability. Transfer and renewal 
franchise fees are recognized over the term of the franchise agreement.  
Continuing Franchise Fees – Continuing franchise fees are calculated as the greater of a 
fixed amount or a percentage of franchise sales over the term of the franchise 
agreement and recognized as franchisees’ sales occur and collectability of the fees is 
reasonably assured.  
