21 
interests transferred shall be forwarded to Franchisor in writing. Any transferee of shares/membership 
interests shall be bound by this Franchise Agreement as though they had signed individually. All 
stock/membership certificates shall include a legend setting forth these restrictions in order to effect a 
binding restriction on transferability in accordance with the corporate law of the state in which the 
corporation/limited liability company is formed. Any such transfer to a corporation/limited liability 
company shall be effected on forms prescribed by Franchisor. Franchisee may not transfer the assets of the 
business to a corporation/limited liability company without the prior consent of Franchisor and any 
purported transfer shall be a violation of the Franchise Agreement; and Franchisor may elect to hold such 
corporation/limited liability company jointly responsible with Franchisee for the obligations under this 
Franchise Agreement, as if such corporation/limited liability company originally signed the Franchise 
Agreement, jointly with Franchisee. 
 
11.4 
Indemnity. In any transfer or proposed transfer, in this Section 11, Franchisee indemnifies and holds 
Franchisor harmless from any and all actions, causes of action, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses and fees, 
incurred by Franchisor as a result of any action or inaction, or any misrepresentations made by Franchisee 
to the transferee or proposed transferee in connection with the transfer or proposed transfer of the 
TeamLogic IT® Business. This indemnification shall survive the termination or cancellation of this 
Agreement. 
 
11.5 
Franchisor’s Right of First Refusal. If Franchisee receives and desires to accept from a third person 
a bona fide written offer to purchase the TeamLogic IT® Business, the Franchisor shall have the option, 
exercisable within thirty (30) days after written notice and receipt of a copy of such complete offer, to 
purchase the TeamLogic IT® Business, including any location lease, on the same terms and conditions  as   
offered by said third party. If Franchisor does not respond within such thirty (30) day period, then Franchisor’s option 
shall be waived. (Franchisee must still obtain Franchisor’s approval for the transfer). 
 
11.6 
Death of Franchisee. If Franchisee dies, his personal representative may sell and assign his interest 
herein (or if Franchisee is or shall then be a corporation and its controlling stockholder dies, Franchisee’s 
personal representative may sell Franchisee’s shares) only with the prior written consent to sale or 
assignment to a qualified person who will conform to the Franchisor’s training requirements and assume 
Franchisee’s obligations, is of good character and reputation and economic stability, from whom a bona 
fide offer to purchase has been received, provided the Franchisor shall have the right and option to acquire 
the decedent’s interest in this Agreement and any location lease at said offered price; said option to be 
exercised within thirty (30) days after the Franchisor is notified in writing of said bona fide offer. 
 
11.7 
Unauthorized Transfers.  It is agreed and understood that any attempted transfer of only the assets 
and/or the phone numbers and/or website addresses/URLs of the Business without the transfer of the 
franchise itself is strictly prohibited and may be voided. Such action may be treated by Franchisor, in its 
sole discretion, as a wrongful repudiation of the Franchise Agreement by Franchisee, entitling Franchisor 
to damages which are hereby agreed upon as the amount of the anticipated and estimated Continuing 
Franchise Fees and TeamLogic IT® Managed Services fees for the remaining term of the Franchise 
Agreement by utilizing the current Continuing Franchise Fees and TeamLogic IT® Managed Services fees 
as a base. Alternatively, Franchisor shall have the right to void the purported transfer by way of injunction 
or restraining order in a State or Federal Court where the Business is located. 
 
 
