 
Page 8 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
* Except where otherwise specified, we impose all the fees in this table uniformly, and they are not refundable. 
Notes: 
(1) The Continuing Franchise Fees (CFF) are 7% of Gross Sales and are collected electronically. There are no 
monthly minimums for the first twelve (12) months. Starting with sales from month thirteen (13), the monthly 
minimum will be $1,000 a month until the end of the term of the contract. All fees are payable to us and are 
non-refundable. The term “Gross Sales” includes all sales by your Business for all services and installation 
of hardware and software, including buyouts, whether for cash, check, credit, financed, leased or barter, 
without deduction for failure to collect. Gross Sales includes all Core and Non-Core Services sold. Gross 
Sales does not include revenue from the sale of Products, nor any sales or use taxes. 
(2) Minimum Advertising Fund Fees.  There are no Advertising Fund Fees due in the first 12 months. For the 
remainder of the contract, the greater of 1.2% of gross sales or $200 per month is due and payable to the 
TeamLogic IT® advertising fund. You must also spend an additional minimum of $2,500 a month for local 
marketing for the length of the contract.  
(3) Fees for the TeamLogic IT® Managed Services Remote Monitoring and Management Software agents (RMM 
agents) are based on volume level and must be purchased from and are payable to us. You are required to 
install and maintain internal TeamLogic IT® Managed Services for a minimum of 3 RMM agents in your 
Business and pay the associated fees. We collect the TeamLogic IT® fees electronically on a monthly basis 
(on the last business day of the month) for all TeamLogic IT® Managed Services’ RMM agents in place at 
the end of the prior month, without deduction for failure to collect from your client. If you want to use or sell 
any equivalent or subset of remote monitoring and management software, you are required to obtain our prior 
written approval and we may require you to purchase the equivalent or subset tool from us. 
(4) The additional training fee applies to additional people sent to training by you over and above the 2 provided 
for in your Franchise Agreement. Currently, the additional training fee is $1,000 per person. 
(5) If you transfer your Franchise, the transfer fee will be the current transfer fee charged in the year you seek to 
transfer your Franchise. Currently, the transfer fee is $10,000. 
(6) An audit may cost anywhere from $0 to $3,500 depending on the scope of the audit. You are also responsible 
for Continuing Franchise Fees, Advertising Fees and Managed Services fees on all under-reported sales. 
(7) The Franchise Agreement authorizes us to debit your bank account for Continuing Franchise Fees, 
Advertising Fees, TeamLogic IT® Managed Services fees, and other fees due. 
TYPE OF 
FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
COSTS OF 
COLLECTION 
Our actual costs 
As incurred 
Payable if we incur costs (including 
reasonable attorney fees) in attempting to 
collect amounts you owe to us 
RENEWAL FEE 
$2,000 
When you sign the 
renewal Franchise 
Agreement. Upon 
renewal 
You are qualified for renewal if you are in 
full compliance with your operating 
requirements, all fees are paid and you are 
not in breach of any term of your 
Franchise Agreement 
 
CUSTOM DOMAIN 
NAMES 
$0-$40/year 
As appropriate 
Payable to us; these domain names are 
owned by us and must be approved by us 
MARKETING (10) 
$2,500 (not including 
Ad Fund fees) 
Monthly; paid to 
various vendors 
You are required to spend a minimum of 
$2,500 monthly for local marketing for 
the entire contract, not including Ad 
Fund fees. Paid to various vendors 
