12 
b. 
Automobile liability coverage for owned, non-owned, scheduled, and hired vehicles having 
limits for bodily injuries of one million dollars ($1,000,000) per accident, and property damage limits of 
three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000) per occurrence; 
 
c. 
Employer’s liability and worker’s compensation insurance as required by the state where the 
TeamLogic IT® Business is located; and 
d. 
Errors and Omissions insurance, including cyber liability insurance, in an amount not less 
than one million dollars ($1,000,000). When your revenue exceeds $1,000,000, the errors and omission plus 
cyber security insurance required is $2,000,000. 
 
All such coverage will be on an occurrence basis, except for errors and omissions plus cyber security which 
is on a claims- made basis, and will provide for waivers and subrogation. TeamLogic must be an additional 
named insured on each policy of insurance. Franchisee must deliver a certificate of insurance evidencing 
each policy to Franchisor within ten (10) days after each policy is issued or renewed. Each policy must 
contain a provision that it cannot be canceled without thirty (30) days written notice to Franchisor. 
 
6.16 
Compliance with Law. Franchisee must operate the Business in compliance with all federal, state, 
and local laws, regulations and ordinances including obtaining and maintaining all necessary permits, 
certificates, licenses and registrations, at Franchisee’s expense. 
 
6.17 
Covenant Not to Compete. Franchisee must use the System and the Trademarks for operation of the 
TeamLogic IT® Business only and must not use them in connection with any other operation, business, or 
activity. Franchisee shall not, during the time of this Agreement, be involved in any capacity, directly or 
indirectly, or cause any third party to be involved in any capacity, directly or indirectly, in or with any 
operation, business or activity which provides products and services the same or similar to the products and 
services of a TeamLogic IT® Franchise within a one hundred (100) mile radius of any TeamLogic IT® 
location without prior written consent from Franchisor. The foregoing shall not apply to ownership of stock 
in a publicly held company. Franchisee acknowledges that the use, duplication or disclosure of any part of 
the System, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, would constitute an unfair method of 
competition and that Franchisor and its other franchisees will suffer irreparable injury thereby. 
 
6.18 
Confidentiality of the System. Franchisee acknowledges that the System is proprietary and 
confidential and contains trade secrets. Franchisee shall not disclose or disseminate to any third parties, 
without the express written consent of Franchisor, any part of the Proprietary Information or System, 
including but not limited to, the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, customer data or customer lists 
that Franchisee obtains using the System, vendor terms and contact information, processes, know-how, 
programs, techniques, newsletters, bulletins, or other confidential information that is not readily accessible 
to the public and provides a competitive or economic advantage to the Business, whether such advantage is 
tangible or intangible, whether used individually or collectively. Franchisee shall at all times keep these 
items in a safe place and treat them as confidential. Further, Franchisee agrees not to copy, publish, post or 
otherwise duplicate any part of the Proprietary Information or the System nor permit others to do so. Some 
parts of the System, such as contract templates, marketing collateral and content for site posts, are intended 
to be used with customers or posted on your site, and may be disclosed in the ordinary course of business 
as necessary and used for the sole purpose of promoting and building your Business. This information may 
be copyrighted under federal or common laws, and authorship and ownership remains with Franchisor. 
Franchisor remains the owner of the System and all components thereof. If employees of Franchisee are 
