 
to the Arbitration provisions in the Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, if 
Franchisee fails to perform the obligations under this Amendment, the Franchisor has the option 
to take legal action in any appropriate court.  If the Franchisor prevails in any action to enforce 
this Amendment, Franchisor shall be awarded its costs, including any arbitration costs and 
attorneys’ fees. 
 
12. 
RELEASE 
 
As additional consideration for this Amendment, Franchisee hereby releases Franchisor, its 
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and stockholders from any and all past 
and present claims, demands, liability, damages, costs, causes of action, suits or actions of every 
kind and nature, whether based upon statute or at common law, at law or in equity or sounding in 
contract or tort (including any claims for attorneys’ fees), known and unknown, suspected and 
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to the Franchise 
Agreements and TeamLogic IT Businesses #_____ and #_____ and any other agreement, contract, 
understanding or relationship between the parties, through the date of this Amendment. 
 
Franchisee agrees that all of their rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code are 
expressly waived. That Section reads as follows: 
 
“A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not 
know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if 
known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor 
or released party.” 
 
13. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
Except as modified herein, all terms of the Franchise Agreements shall remain in full force and 
effect. This Amendment shall be deemed effective once Franchisee and Teamlogic, Inc has signed 
the Franchise Agreement. 
 
This Amendment may be executed and exchanged in counterparts by fax, email or DocuSign and 
the faxed/emailed/docusigned generated executed copies shall have the same legal force and effect 
for all purposes as copies bearing original signatures of the parties. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have read the foregoing and agree to be bound thereby.  
 
Franchisor:  
 
 
 
 
 
Franchisee: 
TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dan Shapero, President  
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 
Exhibit “F”
