TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
(A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF FRANCHISE SERVICES, INC.) 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022 
 
 
 
(8) 
 
NOTE 1 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Financial Statement Presentation (Continued) 
FASB ASC 810-10, Consolidation, addresses the consolidation of an entity whose equity 
holders either (a) have not provided sufficient equity at risk to allow the entity to finance its 
own activities or (b) do not possess certain characteristics of a controlling financial interest. 
FASB ASC 810-10 requires the consolidation of such an entity, known as a variable interest 
entity (VIE), by the primary beneficiary of the entity. The primary beneficiary is the entity, if 
any, that is obligated to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from the VIE’s activities, entitled 
to receive a majority of the VIE’s residual returns, or both. The principal type of entities in 
which the Company would possess a variable interest includes franchise entities. The 
Company does not possess any ownership interests in franchise entities. Additionally, the 
Company does not provide financial support to franchise entities in a typical franchise 
relationship. As a result, the Company did not consolidate any franchise entities. 
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and 
in banks and all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturities of three 
months or less. 
 
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
Trade receivables consists of continuing franchise fees and managed services fees, net of 
allowance for credit losses. An allowance for credit losses is established based upon 
historical experience, current economic conditions, and certain forward looking information.  
The Company also considers any specific customer collection issues. The Company 
periodically assesses its methodologies for estimating credit losses in consideration of 
actual experience, trends, and changes in the economic environment. As of December 31, 
2024, 2023, and  2022, the allowance for credit losses was $154,000, $91,000, and 
$10,000, respectively. 
 
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements and betterments are 
capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Property and equipment are 
depreciated over estimated useful lives of 3 to 10 years. Depreciation is computed using 
straight-line method for financial purposes and accelerated methods for income tax 
purposes.  
 
For 
common 
control 
leasing 
arrangements, 
the 
Company 
amortizes 
leasehold 
improvements over the useful life of the improvement (regardless of the term) while the 
Company continues to use the underlying assets. Upon termination of the lease by the 
Parent, the Company transfers the residual value to the common control lessor. For all other 
leases, leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset 
or the lease term including renewal periods that are reasonably assured. 
