11 
6.11 
Professional Services Automation Software. Franchisee understands and agrees Franchisee shall 
operate, record and manage all operational Business activity through the Professional Services Automation 
software. The monthly fees for the Professional Services Automation software are payable to Franchisor. 
Franchisee must utilize this system for, among other things, scheduling of all sales appointments, customer 
service and repair history. This software is developed by a third party.  Franchisee must purchase and 
maintain other general third-party software licenses, such as QuickBooks. These specific licenses may 
change from time to time as the vendors upgrade/modify their software. Franchisor will provide Franchisee 
with the specific list and accompanying costs of the necessary current versions, which are available at the 
time Franchisee signs this Agreement. Franchisor does not make any warranties or guaranties upon which 
Franchisee may rely, and assumes no liability or obligation to Franchisee, for any third-party software. 
 
6.12 
Reporting Sales to Franchisor. Franchisee shall report to Franchisor by the seventh (7th) calendar 
day of the following month, all Gross Sales, as well as hardware and software sales, on forms and methods 
approved by Franchisor, as outlined in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual or elsewhere, and which 
may change from time to time.  Please see penalty for late reporting and late payment in Item 6 of the 
Franchise Disclosure Document. 
 
6.13 
Internet and Website. Franchisee must have and maintain, at its expense, high-speed Internet access. 
Prior to opening and operating the Business, Franchisor will approve and assign a website URL to the 
Business. Upon opening the Business, a standard TeamLogic IT® website will be created for the Business 
and be linked and available from the Franchisor website (www.TeamLogicIT.com). Franchisee may not 
maintain a separate website for Franchisee’s business without prior written approval from Franchisor. The 
Franchisee cannot establish and use a different URL address to promote any aspect of the TeamLogic IT® 
Business without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written consent. Franchisee must cease using any URL 
address which in Franchisor’s sole opinion causes, or may cause, confusion among Franchisees, or be 
misleading or misrepresentative to the origin of the services, even if such URL was previously approved by 
Franchisor. Franchisee may not buy a domain name to direct web traffic to Franchisee’s TeamLogic IT® 
website or otherwise without Franchisor’s prior written consent. All URL’s and domain names to be used 
by Franchisee in connection with Franchisee’s TeamLogic IT® Business must be approved and owned by 
Franchisor and will be licensed to Franchisee. All domains referencing the franchise brand, including 
TeamLogic IT®, must be owned by and purchased from us and are subject to our approval. 
 
6.14 
Credit Cards. Franchisee must accept payment for sales and services from the Business by way of 
credit cards, including Visa®, MasterCard®, and American Express®, and take all such steps necessary to 
set up required accounts with those vendors at Franchisee’s cost prior to opening the Business. 
 
6.15 
Business Insurance. Franchisee must procure, prior to commencing the Business, and must maintain 
in full force and effect during the term of this agreement, at Franchisee’s sole expense, the following 
insurance coverage, and any other coverage as indicated in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual: 
 
a. 
Comprehensive general liability insurance, including coverage for business operations, 
contractual liability, personal injury, fire damage, medical expenses, with limits per occurrence for bodily 
injury and general liability of one million dollars ($1,000,000), and for property damage of three hundred 
thousand dollars ($300,000); 
 
