 
Page 2 
FDD TLI 03/2025 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF FRANCHISES 
Our TeamLogic IT® Franchise (also referred to as “Business”) is a license to independently own and 
operate an information technology business providing outsourced IT managed services targeted to small and 
medium-sized businesses via onsite qualified technicians. You will offer a list of required Core Services 
that are outlined in the Franchise Agreement. Additional Non-Core Services can also be offered at your 
option, with appropriately trained, onsite qualified technicians. You will proactively work with your clients 
to help determine if they have the correct IT equipment to properly meet their current and future needs, and 
will partner with your clients on a reactive basis to help them repair their IT equipment and services when 
the systems fail. You will offer TeamLogic IT® Managed Services to clients which will remotely monitor 
and manage servers and desktops to help to prevent problems, allow for local and remote back-up, and 
provide performance reports of the client’s system. 
 
CORE SERVICES 
 
The Core Services that you will offer include: 
° On-Site 
° Remote 
 
i. TeamLogic IT® Managed Services providing remote monitoring, management and support 
(Network Operations Center or NOC) Computer Systems Assessment 
ii. Troubleshooting and Repair 
iii. Installation of Systems, Hardware and Software 
iv. Data Backup System Installation and Maintenance 
° Local 
° Remote/On-line 
v. Data Recovery/Business Continuity 
vi. IT Security 
vii. Cloud Services 
viii. Mobility Solutions 
ix. E-mail Solutions 
x. Telephony solutions 
xi. Voice, Data, and Connectivity Solutions 
xii. End-user support (Help Desk) 
xiii. IT Consulting/IT Projects/Strategic Advice 
xiv. Business Application Support 
You will face competition from other computer repair businesses, and managed services providers 
including other franchised or non-franchised national chains as well as independent computer repair and 
managed services businesses. The computer services market is highly developed in many states. 
 
 
 
 
