25 
k. 
Performance, Applicable Law and Forum. It is stipulated this Agreement has been 
negotiated, executed and delivered within the State of California and is to be performed at Franchisor’s 
offices in the County of Orange, California. Except as otherwise provided for hereunder, this Agreement 
shall be interpreted and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder governed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California, except for Section 10.3(g) of this Agreement which shall be governed by the 
laws of the State where the TeamLogic IT® Business is located. 
 
l. 
Headings. The headings of the paragraphs herein are inserted for convenience only and are 
not intended to be construed as part of the Agreement or to limit the scope of a particular paragraph. 
 
m. 
Signature. This Agreement may be originally signed by an individual if unmarried or if 
married, individuals and their spouses as the Franchisee, or if signed by a Corporation or Limited Liability 
Company (“LLC”), must be personally guaranteed by the shareholders/members and their spouses. It is 
acknowledged that should an individual Franchisee subsequently transfer some or all of the assets of the 
TeamLogic IT® Business to a corporation/LLC, then Franchisee agrees that such corporation/LLC shall be 
considered either a joint or successor Franchisee (at Franchisor’s option) to this Franchise Agreement, and 
shall, along with all shareholders/members, be bound hereby, as if the corporation/LLC and 
shareholders/members each executed this Agreement. 
 
n. 
Warranty as to Original Document. Franchisee hereby warrants that he has not caused any 
electronic modification, scanning or manipulations of the Franchise Agreement received from Franchisor 
and that this document is the same document received from Franchisor, and agrees that any such 
modifications or manipulation shall be void. 
 
SECTION XIV. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND SIGNING 
 
Acknowledgements. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that: 
 
14.1 
Acceptance of Agreement. I have read all of the foregoing Agreement and hereby accept and agree 
to each and all of the provisions, covenants and conditions therein contained. 
 
14.2 
Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement will become effective only upon the execution of this 
Agreement by both you and us. Our date of execution will be considered the Effective Date of this 
Agreement. 
 
I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND ACCEPT AND AGREE TO EACH AND ALL OF 
THE PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. 
APPROVED AND ACCEPTED FOR TEAMLOGIC, INC. 
 
 
Effective as of:   
 
 
 
