E-3 
 
ILLINOIS 
 
Illinois law governs the agreement between the parties to this franchise. 
 
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a franchise agreement that 
designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may 
provide for arbitration outside of Illinois. 
 
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation or provision 
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Illinois franchise 
Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of 
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
INDIANA 
 
Obligations and Duties of Franchisor; Territory; Operating Limitation, Remedies, Venue, Waiver, 
Indemnification Items 12 and 17 Disclosure Document; Section 4, 5, 6.10, 11 and 12 Franchise 
Agreement 
 
In accordance with Indiana Code Sections 23-2-2.7-1(2) and 23-2-2.7-2(4), the franchisor is prohibited from 
operating a substantially identical business to that of the Franchisee’s within the Franchisee’s territory 
regardless of trade name. According to Indiana Code Sections 23-2-2.7-10(10) and 23-2-2-27-1(5), the 
reservation of right to injunctive relief or any specified remedy, limitation of the remedies available to either 
party, stipulation as to forum or venue and waiver or release of any rights with regard to the Franchise 
Agreement are prohibited. Further, the post- termination covenant not to compete is limited by IC 23-2-2.7-
1(9). Further, indemnification by the Franchisee shall exclude any indemnification for liability caused by the 
Franchisee’s proper reliance on or use of procedures or materials provided by the Franchisor or caused by 
Franchisor’s negligence. 
 
Termination 
Item 17.r. Disclosure Document; 6.18 Franchise Agreement 
 
The post-termination covenant not to compete complies with the limitations in the Indiana Code Section IC 
23-2- 2.7(9). 
 
Obligations and Duties of Franchisee; Transfer by Franchisee; 
Miscellaneous Section 5.6.7, 8, 11, 13 
 
The reservation of right to injunctive relief or any specified remedy, limitation of the remedies available to 
either party, and stipulation as to appropriate forum or venue are prohibited according to Indiana Code Section 
23-2-2.7- 1(10). Further, the waiver or release of any rights with regard to the Franchise Agreement is 
prohibited according to Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(5). 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
