10 
 
6.7 
Maintenance and Repairs. Franchisee must at all times maintain the Business location and any 
vehicle used in the Business in a clean, orderly condition and in accordance with all maintenance and 
operating standards in the Brand Standards and Operations Manual. Franchisee must make all repairs, 
upgrades, and replacements, at Franchisee’s expense, as Franchisor deems reasonably necessary. 
 
6.8 
Equipment. Franchisee must at all times maintain equipment for providing the services of the 
Business in accordance with the specifications prescribed by Franchisor from time to time. The current 
required equipment is: three (3) laptops with three (3) monitors. In addition, each technician that is hired 
must have a smartphone. The other equipment that the Business will need is a telephone system that is 
capable of forwarding calls to remote numbers and has a voicemail system that can be easily accessed from 
the field. This equipment may be obtained from any source. Franchisee must upgrade such equipment 
whenever necessary in order to maintain adherence to the specifications set out by Franchisor. 
 
6.9 
TeamLogic IT® Managed Services. TeamLogic IT® Managed Services is Franchisor’s branded 
Managed Services offering. In order to maintain consistency and integrity of Franchisor’s managed services 
solution, all core remote monitoring and management software agents must be purchased from and are 
payable to Franchisor. Upon prior approval, software agents can be purchased from an approved supplier 
Franchisor designates. The naming configuration/branding assigned to Franchisor’s Managed Services 
solution has no bearing on the requirement to purchase the software agents from Franchisor. If Franchisee 
wants to use or sell any equivalent or subset of remote monitoring and management software, Franchisee is 
required to obtain Franchisor’s prior written approval and Franchisor may require Franchisee to purchase 
the equivalent or subset tool from Franchisor. 
The TeamLogic IT® Managed Services solution consists of integrated services including technology 
that proactively monitors the clients’ IT infrastructure, helps detect problems, and provides remote control 
access. Additionally, the Network Operations Center (NOC) provides proactive technical support, the Help 
Desk/Service Desk provides reactive end-user technical support and activity management, and the Business 
Continuity solutions provide back-up disaster recovery and account management support. This technology 
could change at anytime. Franchisor’s Managed Services solution provides reports on performance 
optimization of clients’ systems regardless of whether the clients’ technology is premised-based, in the 
cloud or a combination (hybrid). Franchisee may charge any price for TeamLogic IT® Managed Services, 
but Franchisee must use Franchisor’s form of Master Services Agreement (MSA) and Statement of Work 
(SOW). Franchisee may modify the Franchisor’s Master Services Agreement (MSA) and Statement of 
Work (SOW), or create its own contract or own terms and conditions, with the prior written approval from 
Franchisor. 
 
6.10 
Brand Standards and Operations Manual. Franchisee shall operate the Business in accordance with 
the Brand Standards and Operations Manual, a copy of which shall be loaned to Franchisee at training. 
Franchisor has the right to modify the Brand Standards and Operations Manual at any time by addition, 
deletion, or other modification. All such additions, deletions, or modifications may be posted on the 
company intranet and shall be effective three (3) business days after such posting. Franchisee shall timely 
implement and adhere to all modifications. Franchisee acknowledges that the Brand Standards and 
Operations Manual contains trade secrets and confidential information and Franchisee may not disclose 
such information to any other person except employees and agents of Franchisee. Franchisee shall regularly 
check the Franchisee intranet site for such modifications. 
