 
21 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
 
Unless otherwise noted, none of the above fees are refundable to you.  Great Clips does not provide 
direct or indirect financing for any of these fees. 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom Payment is 
Made 
Development Fee 
$8,000-$40,000 
Lump sum 
Upon signing of your Master 
Development  Agreement 
Great Clips 
Initial Franchise Fee 
$6,000 
Lump Sum 
Upon signing of your First 
Franchise Agreement  
Great Clips 
Total 
$14,000 - $46,000 
 
 
 
 
Notes to estimated initial investment for Master Development Agreement: 
 
(1) 
If you sign a Master Development Agreement, you must pay us a one-time, non-refundable 
Development Fee.  The Development Fee is in addition to the total initial investment of 
your first GREAT CLIPS® salon to be developed under the Master Development 
Agreement.  The amount of the Development Fee will be $4,000 for each GREAT CLIPS® 
salon you are granted the right to develop in the Exclusive DMA under the Master 
Development Agreement (and, as described in Note 1 to the preceding chart, is in addition 
to the separate $6,000 Initial Franchise Fee you will pay for each salon developed under 
the Master Development Agreement).  For example, if you were to be granted the right to 
develop between two and 10 salons in the Exclusive DMA under the Master Development 
Agreement, you would pay Great Clips a total of $14,000-$46,000 total, which includes 
the corresponding Development Fee of $8,000 to $40,000, plus the $6,000 Initial Franchise 
Fee for your first location. The Development Fee and first Initial Franchise Fee is due upon 
the signing of the Master Development Agreement.  If you sign a Master Development 
Agreement with Great Clips, the total initial investment for your second and each 
subsequent GREAT CLIPS® salon you develop under the Master Development 
Agreement may be higher than the above estimate due to inflation and other economic 
factors.  See Item 5. 
 
Item 8 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
To ensure consistent quality of services and products throughout the GREAT CLIPS® System, you 
must purchase only supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, advertising and sales promotion 
materials and signage that have been designated by Great Clips.  All these items must conform to 
specifications and standards developed and issued by Great Clips.  Great Clips reserves the right 
to periodically update and alter these standards and specifications and to add to or delete from the 
list of services and products authorized for sale from GREAT CLIPS® salons.  These specifications 
and standards are described in more detail on the GREAT CLIPS® proprietary extranet site for 
franchisees (which is currently InSite+), in GREAT CLIPS® University, and other online 
