 
32 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
 
Advertising 
 
Ad Fund 
You must participate in various market-wide and system-wide marketing and sales promotion 
programs.  Great Clips, in its sole determination, will establish advertising and sales promotion or 
discount programs for the benefit of the GREAT CLIPS® System through the North American 
Advertising Fund (“Ad Fund”). You must engage in additional local marketing and sales 
promotion activities at your own expense.  Media coverage may be local, regional or national and 
can include television, radio, print, digital, sports marketing, or other media as determined by Great 
Clips.  Great Clips currently uses various marketing, advertising and promotional agencies and 
media buying services.  Some in-house related services are provided through Great Clips' 
personnel.  Franchisees may not develop their own advertising materials.  You may make 
modifications to existing advertising materials but only after you have submitted any proposed 
advertising for our approval, which may be withheld by Great Clips in its sole determination.  
Great Clips' approval, if given, is dependent upon a number of factors, including proper use of the 
Marks and representation of the GREAT CLIPS® brand.  Franchisees are prohibited from 
advertising their GREAT CLIPS® business in any manner on the Internet, via their Great Clips 
Email, a website, or through other electronic means without prior permission from Great Clips, as 
provided in Great Clips’ Electronic Marketing, Recruiting and Communications Policy.  Great 
Clips has the right to prohibit or restrict the use of any digital or electronic advertising, or use of 
the GREAT CLIPS® brand in any media, at any time to protect the best interests of the System.  
Additionally, franchisees must comply with the Customer Data Access Policy in connection with 
any consumer marketing activities. 
 
All franchisees contribute 5% of their gross monthly sales to the Ad Fund, payable biweekly, for 
each of their GREAT CLIPS® salons.  Company-owned salons, if any, will also contribute 5% of 
their gross monthly sales to the Ad Fund.  Great Clips has sole and absolute right, within its own 
assessment of the general best interests of the GREAT CLIPS® System, to determine expenditures 
of funds collected into the Ad Fund for advertising, research and development, customer 
acquisition and retention, customer experience improvements, customer loyalty program 
development and maintenance, marketing data analysis, marketing strategy and execution – 
including digital marketing, marketing technology investments, public relations, promotion 
incentives, sponsorships, marketing partnerships, charitable events, giveaways, and various sales 
promotion activities and as to the selection of materials, programs, media and agencies on which 
those expenditures are made.   
 
Great Clips may compensate itself and its affiliates from the Ad Fund for reasonable expenses of 
administering and promoting the Ad Fund and the programs funded and administered through the 
Ad Fund, including any taxes that may be levied on or in relation to the Ad Fund receipts or fund 
balances.  In the calendar year ended December 31, 2024, Great Clips was compensated 
$4,347,880 or 5% of the Ad Fund's gross annual receipts, paid monthly, for administering the Ad 
Fund.  Great Clips provides its franchisees with an annual accounting of the Ad Fund showing 
receipts and expenditures and, upon written request, will share Great Clips' expense of 
administering and promoting the Ad Fund.  Currently, Great Clips also provides its franchisees 
with a quarterly, internally prepared, unaudited financial statement of the Ad Fund by DMA.  In 
