A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
22 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
14. Terminated Merchant File
14.1 
If Merchant is terminated for cause by a Card Scheme, including but not limited to fraud, counterfeit, duplicate or 
unauthorized Transactions, excessive Chargebacks or suspect activity, HPS and/or Member Sponsor Bank may 
report Merchant’s business name and the names and other identification of its principals to the terminated merchant 
file. Merchant expressly agrees and consents to such reporting, and HPS and Member Sponsor Bank have no liability 
to Merchant for any loss, expense or damage Merchant may sustain, directly or indirectly, due to such reporting. 
15. Additional Locations
15.1 
Merchant may wish to utilize services provided by HPS under this Agreement at its other business Locations 
(“Additional Locations”). Merchant may apply to add such Additional Locations provided that such Additional 
Locations conduct the same type of business and sell the same type of Products. Additional Locations submitted to 
receive Services under this Agreement shall be subject to approval by HPS and Member Sponsor Bank, and 
Merchant shall submit a new Merchant Application for any such Additional Location(s). 
16. Notices
16.1 
All notices and other communications required or permitted to be sent to Merchant under this Agreement may be 
made: (1) by written communication sent to Merchant at the address stated on the Merchant Application or as 
updated by Merchant thereafter; (2) by electronic communication sent to Merchant at the electronic mail address 
stated on the Merchant Application or as updated by Merchant thereafter; or (3) via an electronic posting or 
notification 
accessible 
to 
Merchant 
on 
the 
Heartland 
website 
located 
at: 
https://infocentral.heartlandpaymentsystems.com. All notices and other communication required or permitted to 
be sent to HPS under this Agreement shall be deemed delivered when mailed first-class mail, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the Merchant at the address stated in the Application and to HPS at the address set forth below, or 
at such other address as the receiving party may have provided by written notice to the other: 
Heartland Payment Systems, LLC 
Attn: Customer Care 
One Heartland Way 
Jeffersonville, IN. 47130 
Phone: (888) 963-3600 
Member Sponsor Banks 
Issues Regarding Credit Cards 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
60 Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Email: COMPL.Card_Acquiring@list.DB.com 
PNC Bank, NA  
300 Fifth Avenue  
Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
1-412-803-7711
Issues Regarding Debit Cards 
PNC Bank, NA  
300 Fifth Avenue  
Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
1-412-803-7711
