ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
The following information applies to franchisees subject to California statutes and regulations.  
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Master Development Agreement to the contrary, the 
Master Development Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
1.
California Business and Professional Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to
the franchisee concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise.  If the Master
Development Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.
2.
Section 13.5 of the Master Development Agreement requires all arbitration hearings to take
place exclusively in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and requires that any other legal proceedings must be
venued in federal or state court in Hennepin County, Minnesota.  These provisions may be
unenforceable under California law.
3.
The Master Development Agreement contains a waiver of punitive damages.  This waiver may
not be enforceable under California law.
4.
The Master Development Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Minnesota.
This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by a franchisee in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall be construed as waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or as disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
Franchisees must sign a personal guaranty, making you and your spouse individually liable
for your financial obligations under the agreement if you are married. The guaranty will place your
and your spouse’s marital and personal assets at risk, perhaps including your house, if your franchise
fails.
(Signatures on following page.) 
