A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
6 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
In addition, Merchant must immediately notify HPS of its use of any agent or Merchant Servicer that will have 
any access to Cardholder data and provide the full name and business address of such agent or Merchant 
Servicer and any changes thereto. 
 
3.2 
A Card Scheme may require Merchant, by notice to either HPS, Member Sponsor Bank or Merchant, to conduct an 
independent forensics review due to its data security procedures and/or Transaction activities. Upon notice of such 
request from either a Card Scheme or HPS, Merchant, at its sole cost and expense, shall retain the requisite 
forensics services and provide, through the requisite forensic review process, information as may be required by 
the Card Scheme. If Merchant fails to retain the requisite forensics services, HPS may retain such forensics 
services on Merchant’s behalf, and Merchant shall remain responsible for payment and/or reimbursement to HPS 
of all cost and expense associated with such forensics services. In addition, Merchant shall be solely responsible 
for the cost and expense associated with any changes to its systems or other remediation required by the Card 
Scheme as a result of the forensic review process. 
 
3.3 
Merchant agrees that it will not introduce into HPS’s or Member Sponsor Bank’s system any virus, “time bomb,” or 
any other contaminant, including but not limited to, codes, commands, or instructions that could damage or disable 
HPS’s or Member Sponsor Bank’s system or property. 
 
3.4 
Merchant must keep all systems and media containing account, cardholder or transaction information (physical or 
electronic, including but not limited to account numbers, card imprints, and terminal identification numbers) secure 
and prevent access by or disclosure to anyone other than Merchant’s authorized personnel. Merchant must 
destroy, in a manner that will render the data unreadable, all such media that Merchant no longer deems necessary 
or appropriate to store (except for Sales Drafts maintained in accordance with this Agreement, applicable law, or 
Rules). Merchant must also ensure proper destruction of Cardholder, Transaction or system information (physical 
or electronic, including but not limited to account numbers, card imprints, and terminal identification numbers) prior 
to selling, storing, or disposing of any terminal. 
 
 
4. Rights, Duties, and Responsibilities of Merchants 
 
4.1 
Merchant shall make a selection on Card acceptance as follows: All Cards Accepted, Credit/Business Cards Only 
and Consumer Prepaid/Debit (Check Cards) Only. At the time of signing of this Agreement, Merchant will select 
one of the options, which will be indicated on this Agreement. Merchant shall honor the Card types selected 
provided that the Card is valid and is presented to Merchant at the time of the sale by the Cardholder or an 
authorized user of the Card. A Card is valid only if it is presented on or after the valid date, if any, and before the 
expiration date shown on its face and the Card is used as payment for Products that are sold or rendered by 
Merchant under the terms of this Agreement. Merchant represents and warrants to HPS that no one other than 
Merchant has any claim against indebtedness submitted under this Agreement except as authorized in writing by 
HPS and Member Sponsor Bank. Merchant hereby assigns to HPS and Member Sponsor Bank all of its right, title, 
and interest in and to all indebtedness submitted hereunder, agrees that HPS and Member Sponsor Bank have the 
sole right to receive payment on any indebtedness purchased hereunder, and further agrees that Merchant shall 
have no right, title or interest in any such funds, including any such funds held in a Reserve Account (as defined 
below). 
 
4.2 
In accordance with applicable law and the Rules: 
(a) Merchant may establish a minimum sale amount as a condition for honoring credit Card Transactions, so 
long as such minimum amount does not exceed $10.00. This amount shall be subject to automatic increase 
as provided by applicable law. In accordance with applicable law and the Rules, a maximum sale amount 
for Card Transactions may only be set by Merchants that are federal agencies or institutions of higher 
learning; 
(b) Except as specifically set forth in this Section 4.2, Merchant shall not establish a minimum or maximum sale 
amount as a condition for honoring PIN Debit, Signature Debit (non-PIN Debit) and/or prepaid Cards. 
 
Merchant shall not request or require that a Cardholder provide any personal information as a condition for 
honoring PIN Debit, Signature Debit (non-PIN Debit) and/or prepaid Cards Transactions unless such 
information is required to provide delivery of goods and services or Merchant has reason to believe the identity 
of the person presenting the Card may be different from that of the Cardholder. 
 
4.3 
Merchant shall complete a Sales Draft or Credit Voucher, in a form approved by HPS and in compliance with the 
Rules, which shall be legible and adhere to or contain the following: 
