 
2 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Agreement within the 24-month term.  If a franchisee does not sign a lease for each of the Three 
Star Franchise Agreements granted under the Three Star Program during the 24-month period, the 
franchisee will forfeit all Three Star Program benefits for any Three Star Franchise Agreement(s) 
for which there is no corresponding, fully-executed lease.    
 
Great Clips has the right to offer a development agreement (the “Master Development 
Agreement”) to qualified individuals.  Under the Master Development Agreement, you commit to 
open a minimum number of GREAT CLIPS® salons in a specified area defined by the television 
Designated Market Area (the “Exclusive DMA”) within a given period of time.  The number of 
salons to be opened under the Master Development Agreement is determined by Great Clips using 
a formula based upon one unit annually for each 10 units in the Initial Market Unit Potential 
(“IMUP”) rounded to the nearest whole number for the entire Exclusive DMA. The form of 
Franchise Agreement for each salon will be the standard, then-current form of Franchise 
Agreement offered by Great Clips at the time the salon will be developed and may be different 
from the form of Franchise Agreement included as Exhibit F.  The Master Development 
Agreement is included as Exhibit H.   
 
Great Clips opened its first GREAT CLIPS® salon in 1982 and began franchising in 1983.  As of 
December 31, 2024, the GREAT CLIPS® franchise System had approximately 4,439 salons 
operated by franchisees.  Great Clips has not offered in the past and does not currently offer 
franchises in any other lines of business, but may do so in the future.  As of December 31, 2024, 
Great Clips operated no company-owned GREAT CLIPS® salons.  Great Clips and its affiliates, 
either directly or indirectly through one or more third parties, reserve the right to distribute 
products, including products with the trademarks, service marks, trade names and symbols licensed 
in the Franchise Agreement, through other methods of distribution, and to undertake other business 
activities, including haircare and related businesses, without obligation to its franchisees.  The 
franchise is only for the business and format described in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
As described above, Great Clips and its affiliates’ course of business is limited to offering and 
selling GREAT CLIPS® salon franchises and supporting GREAT CLIPS® salon franchisees and 
the system through the establishment and enforcement of the Marks and the System.  Neither Great 
Clips nor its affiliates develop, operate, manage or otherwise engage in the day-to-day functioning 
of GREAT CLIPS® salons as those functions fall far outside the scope of our role as franchisor.  
Indeed, only you – not Great Clips or its affiliates – will develop, operate, manage and control the 
day-to-day functioning of the franchised salon business.  In the simplest of terms, Great Clips’ 
business as franchisor is focused on protecting, growing and evolving the Marks, brand and 
System; your role, as the franchisee, is focused on the day-to-day ownership, operation and control 
of the franchised business. 
 
Competitors  
 
The market in which you will operate is highly competitive.  You should expect to compete with 
other national, regional, and local businesses offering competitive goods and services, including 
members of established national or regional chains and franchise systems. GREAT CLIPS® salons 
ordinarily are located in or near shopping centers, but may also be established in densely populated 
areas, as free-standing units, or as other Non-Traditional Locations as determined by Great Clips. 
