however, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit any other right or remedy of the 
Landlord in the event of default as set forth in the Lease. 
24.
LANDLORD DEFAULT.
If Landlord should be in default in the performance of any of its obligations under this Lease, 
which default continues for a period of more than 30 days after receipt of written notice from 
Tenant specifying such default, or if such default is of a nature to require more than 30 days for 
remedy and continues beyond the time reasonably necessary to cure (and Landlord has not 
undertaken procedures to cure the default within such 30 day period and diligently pursued efforts 
to complete cure), in addition to any other remedy available at law or in equity, Tenant may at its 
option, upon written notice, cure Landlord’s default and either offset the reasonable and necessary 
cost thereof from Tenant’s next succeeding rental payments or require Landlord to reimburse 
Tenant for such cost within 30 days of receipt of an invoice. 
25.
MUTUAL RELEASE.
Landlord and Tenant hereby release one another and their respective partners, officers and 
employees and property manager from any and all liability (to the other or anyone claiming 
through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise) for any loss or damage covered by 
property insurance or coverable by a customary policy of insurance even if such loss or damage 
shall have been caused by the fault or negligence of the other party, or anyone for whom such party 
may be responsible.  
26.
CONDEMNATION.
In the event of condemnation of the Premises, Tenant shall be entitled to claim, prove and receive 
in such condemnation proceedings, or other proceedings in the event of a conveyance in lieu of 
condemnation, damages for its relocation costs, improvements, fixtures and other equipment 
installed by Tenant, together with any award for loss of business and leasehold interests.  
27.
SUBORDINATION.
Landlord covenants and warrants that any mortgage, deed of trust, ground lease or other lien or 
lease now on the Premises provides, that any mortgage, deed of trust, ground lease or other lien or 
lease placed thereon during the term of this Lease or thereafter, or any extension thereof, shall 
provide that in the event any of the foregoing shall be foreclosed, or as a result of the exercise of 
any rights thereunder the holder of the same shall acquire the Landlord’s interest in and to the 
Premises, the holder shall recognize the validity and continuance of this Lease, provided that 
Tenant shall not be in default, so as to allow termination, beyond the period in which Tenant may 
cure default. 
28.
CENTER VACANCIES.
In the event that at any time during the period of this Lease or any extension thereto, 50% or more 
of the leaseable space in the Shopping Center becomes vacant and remains vacant for a period of 
90 days, then Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease upon 30 days’ notice. 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
9 of 13
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
LEASE ADDENDUM
