DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY MICHIGAN LAW 
To the extent the Michigan Franchise Investment Law, Mich. Comp. Laws §§ 445.1501 – 
445.1546 applies, the terms of this Addendum apply. 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT 
ARE SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS.  IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING 
PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE 
VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
(a)
A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees.
(b)
A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver,
or estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act.  This shall 
not preclude a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all 
claims. 
(c)
A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration
of its term except for good cause.  Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply 
with any lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given 
written notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, 
to cure such failure. 
(d)
A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of 
expiration of the franchisee’s inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings.  
Personalized materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, 
fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not 
subject to compensation.  This subsection applies only if:  (i) the term of the franchise is less than 
5 years, and (ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing 
to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, 
logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration 
of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 months advance notice of franchisor’s 
intent not to renew the franchise. 
(e)
A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms
generally available to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances.  This 
section does not require a renewal provision. 
(f)
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state.
This shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, 
to conduct arbitration at a location outside this state. 
(g)
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership
of a franchise, except for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from 
exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not 
limited to: 
