 
46 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
learn about an unauthorized use of any of our confidential and proprietary information, you must 
promptly notify us.  Great Clips is not obliged to take any action but will respond to this 
information in its sole determination. You may not use any trade secrets, confidential or 
proprietary information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence 
development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar 
data aggregation activities without the express written consent of Great Clips.  Such uses shall not 
be deemed related to the performance of the Franchise Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  
You may not, without prior written consent by Great Clips, input any confidential information or 
proprietary information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any 
provider or source of generative AI services.  You must opt out of allowing any provider or source 
of generative AI to utilize confidential or proprietary information for training of any AI model or 
for other purposes.  
  
 
Item 15 
 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
The GREAT CLIPS® franchise system is comprised of owner-operated franchised locations.  As 
such, you must devote your best efforts to the management and operation of the GREAT CLIPS® 
franchised business, and must manage or operate the Salon on a regular basis through Designated 
Operator(s) or a member of your salon management team who has successfully completed the 
Great Clips Academy and Management Training Programs.  You must successfully complete all 
Great Clips required training for Franchisees in the time frame designated by Great Clips. You 
must attend local co-op meetings and other meetings for Franchisees held in your market to ensure 
that you stay apprised of the most current information affecting your business.  You must adhere 
to the Franchisee Code of Ethics and at all times comply with the law.  You are also obligated to 
respect and protect the confidentiality and restricted use of confidential, proprietary and trade 
secret, and customer information owned by Great Clips and are responsible for ensuring that your 
employees maintain the same level of confidentiality.  You must comply with restrictions as we 
may from time to time impose related to your access and use of customer information, and must 
comply with all data privacy, security and other applicable laws. 
 
You are solely responsible for staffing the Salon with qualified, competent employees who are 
courteous to the public and have been trained in accordance with Great Clips’ brand-delivery 
standards.  You are solely responsible for staffing, recruiting, hiring, supervising and discharging 
employees, assuring their continuing compliance with standards of training and competence and 
setting their wages and terms of employment. You may not utilize independent contractors to staff 
the Salon.  
 
Your Salon management staff and other key brand-delivery personnel (e.g., stylists) must 
successfully complete all required System Standards training within the time frame designated by 
Great Clips.  You are solely responsible for managing and operating the Salon and supervising the 
Salon’s employees.  You must identify yourself conspicuously in all dealings with customers, 
suppliers, public officials, salon personnel, and others as the Salon’s owner, operator and manager 
