A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
15 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
(j) If required by an EBT Program, Merchant shall seek to obtain telephone Authorization of each EBT 
Transaction in situations in which it is unable to obtain electronic response from the Card 
Authorization system for the EBT Program. If HPS processes manual Sales Drafts for Merchant; 
Merchant shall complete any such manual Sales Draft for an EBT Transaction in accordance with 
the requirements of the EBT Program. 
(k) Merchant shall maintain records of EBT Transactions as required by applicable laws, regulations, 
Rules or administrative guidelines related to its participation in each EBT Program, including 
Network Rules. 
(l) Merchant shall not use or disclose any information concerning a Recipient for any purpose not 
directly connected with the performance of Merchant's duties under an EBT Program. 
(m) Merchant shall not discriminate in the provision or denial of any EBT Transactions on the basis of 
a Recipient's disability or handicap (if any), age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual preference, 
political belief, national origin, creed, marital status or veteran's status. 
(n) Merchant shall provide to HPS and any EBT Provider any information reasonably required by HPS 
or the EBT Provider to assist HPS or the EBT Provider in ensuring the integrity, security and 
successful performance of the EBT Network. 
(o) Merchant shall, at its own expense, ensure that its employees receive appropriate training in the 
use of equipment and procedures with respect to each EBT Program in which Merchant 
participates. If Merchant so requests, HPS and Merchant shall enter into a written agreement 
pursuant to which HPS shall provide such training to Merchant's employees, provided that 
Merchant shall pay HPS the usual and customary fees charged by HPS for its employees time in 
conducting such training and shall reimburse HPS for employee travel, lodging and other 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in conducting on-site training. 
 
5.14.3 HPS Representations and Warranties. 
HPS hereby represents and warrants that it is a qualified processor in each EBT Program identified 
and that it has obtained any and all Authorizations, certifications or other evidence of authority and has 
properly executed and delivered any and all applications, agreements or other documents necessary 
to participate in each such EBT Program. 
 
5.14.4 
Rights, Duties and Responsibilities of HPS. 
(a) HPS shall provide the EBT services identified in accordance with the terms of EBT, this Agreement 
and applicable laws, regulations, Rules and administrative guidelines applicable to each selected 
EBT Program, including any Network Rules. 
(b) HPS shall have the authority, without any liability, to terminate or suspend the provision of services 
hereunder with respect to each and every EBT Program, at the direction of any federal, state or 
other authority with responsibility for oversight or implementation of such EBT Program, or upon 
HPS determination to terminate support for such EBT Program for all customers. If HPS is directed 
to terminate or suspend the provision of services hereunder with respect to an EBT Program, HPS 
may also terminate or suspend provision of services hereunder for any other EBT Program without 
liability. 
 
5.14.5 Indemnity. 
In addition to any indemnification obligations of Merchant set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, 
Merchant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless HPS and Member Sponsor Bank from and against 
any and all claims or losses arising out of: 
(a) any act or omission by Merchant in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law or 
regulation, or rule or administrative guideline related to any EBT Program, including a Network 
Rule; 
(b) any negligent or fraudulent act or omission or intentional misconduct by Merchant; 
(c) any failure by Merchant to comply with any obligation or duty imposed on merchants participating 
in an EBT Program under a Processor Agreement; or 
(d) any act or omission of Merchant that causes HPS to breach any undertaking under a Processor 
Agreement, including any performance standards hereunder. 
 
5.14.6 Limitation of Liability. 
In addition to any other limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement, Merchant agrees and 
acknowledges that HPS and Member Sponsor Bank shall have no liability to Merchant arising out of 
any act or omission by an EBT Provider. Without limiting the foregoing, HPS and each EBT Provider 
shall have no liability to Merchant for an EBT Provider's rejection, Chargeback or other failure to fully 
process in the ordinary course and without penalty any adjustment based upon a restriction on any 
