ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.  
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS 
This Addendum pertains to franchisees subject to Illinois statutes and regulations. 
Notwithstanding anything in the Master Development Agreement to the contrary, the Master 
Development Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
1. Illinois law governs the Master Development Agreement.
2. In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in the
Master Development Agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the
State of Illinois if void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place
outside of Illinois.
3. Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20 of the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
4. In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition,
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. This shall not prevent
any person from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a
potential or actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor
shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United
States Code.
5. The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the bankruptcy of
the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.
6. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by any franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting
on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.
[Signature page follows] 
