 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
12 
 
Great Clips may require.  Great Clips will have the right to discuss with Franchisee or 
Franchisee’s personnel, including Franchisee’s Manager, all matters that may pertain to 
compliance with this Agreement and Great Clips standards and specifications.  Any evaluation or 
inspection conducted by Great Clips is not intended to exercise, and does not constitute, control 
over Franchisee’s day-to-day operation of the franchised business or to assume any responsibility 
for Franchisee’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement (including, without limitation, 
employment and personnel matters). 
 
8. 
SALON DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING 
 
8.1 
Site Selection.  Franchisee is solely responsible for locating, evaluating and 
selecting a site for the Salon and for the review and negotiation of the lease for the Authorized 
Location.  Great Clips will assist Franchisee in site selection by furnishing Franchisee with Great 
Clips’ confidential site evaluation criteria and related processes for obtaining Great Clips’ consent, 
by consulting with and counseling Franchisee, and, as Great Clips determines in its sole 
determination, by conducting field inspections of proposed sites at mutually convenient times.  
Franchisee will not lease or otherwise acquire a site for the Salon until the site has been consented 
to by Great Clips.  Great Clips may withhold consent to any proposed site in its sole determination, 
and its consent, if granted, is permission only and not an assurance or guaranty to Franchisee of 
the availability, suitability or success of a site. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisee’s success will be due to factors beyond the control of Great Clips.  If Great Clips does 
not consent to the proposed site, it will notify Franchisee and Franchisee may submit another 
proposed site to Great Clips. Great Clips prohibits Franchisee from assigning or otherwise 
disposing of its interest in a lease for the proposed Salon without first offering the lease to Great 
Clips.  Great Clips may use exclusive real estate agents in connection with real estate location 
searches.  Great Clips requires Franchisee, at Franchisee’s expense, to use only Great Clips’ 
exclusive real estate agents when pursuing sites that exclusive real estate agents have presented to 
Great Clips, if any. 
 
8.2 
Lease and Notice of Proceedings.  Great Clips may, in its sole and absolute 
determination, require that Franchisee submit the lease for the Salon to Great Clips for its written 
consent before Franchisee executes the lease.  Great Clips will not withhold consent arbitrarily, 
but each lease by which Franchisee occupies the Salon must provide that Great Clips may, at its 
sole option, upon the default, termination, expiration or proposed transfer of this Agreement, take 
an assignment of Franchisee's interest in the lease, without the payment of additional consideration 
(other than a reasonable assignment fee), and without liability for obligations of Franchisee 
accrued as of the date of the assignment of the lease.  Great Clips’ review of the lease prior to its 
execution will not be for the purpose of approving the legal aspects, economics, or rental terms of 
the lease.  Accordingly, Great Clips will have no responsibility to Franchisee with regard to the 
economics, legality or enforceability of the lease.  At all times during the term of this Agreement, 
Franchisee will promptly pay all rents and charges required by the lease for the Salon and will not 
be in default under the terms of the lease.  Franchisee will immediately deliver to Great Clips a 
copy of any notice of default received from any landlord or a copy of any notification of a legal 
proceeding commenced by or against Franchisee relating to Franchisee's GREAT CLIPS® 
business.  Thereafter, Franchisee must keep Great Clips continuously advised of the status of the 
