 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
9 
 
be debited from Franchisee’s account for payment of the Continuing Franchise Fees, Continuing 
Advertising Contributions, the Training Fee, the RTF as well as all other fees payable by the 
Franchisee hereunder for deposit into Great Clips’ account.   
 
 
5.12 
Late Payment; Bank Charges.  Any amounts that are not paid to Great Clips when 
due will bear interest from the date due until paid at the lesser of 14% per annum or the maximum 
legal rate of interest allowed by the state in which the Salon is located.  Franchisee will pay Great 
Clips for any and all costs incurred by Great Clips in the collection of any unpaid amount from 
Franchisee including attorneys' fees, costs, overdraft charges, insufficient funds charges and other 
expenses incurred in collecting amounts owed by Franchisee.  
 
6. 
TRAINING 
 
6.1 
Training on System Standards.  Great Clips training is created to provide 
guidance to Franchisees as well as Franchisee’s key personnel on Great Clips systems and 
processes to ensure consistent, quality delivery of the GREAT CLIPS® brand and approved 
services to customers. Great Clips will provide the training described below to Franchisee as well 
as Franchisee’s key personnel.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any training and related 
evaluation materials (including reports) provided by Great Clips to Franchisee and Franchisee’s 
employees will be limited to training or guiding the employees regarding the delivery of the 
GREAT CLIPS® brand and approved services to customers in a manner that reflects the customer 
and associated service standards of the System.  Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisee is, and will remain, the sole employer of Franchisee’s employees during all training 
programs and thereafter, is solely responsible for paying all benefits and wages while the 
Franchisee’s staff attends any training programs, and that Franchisee is solely responsible for all 
employment decisions and actions related to its employees.  Franchisee further must ensure that 
its employees receive adequate training. 
 
6.2 
QuickConnect Franchisee Training.  Franchisee must attend and successfully 
complete all training required for franchisees as set forth in the then-current Operations Manual.  
At no extra charge beyond the Initial Franchise Fee, Great Clips will provide a training program 
for Franchisee, the Designated Operator(s) identified in Section 21.1, and Franchisee's 
shareholders who are active in the GREAT CLIPS® business, to educate, familiarize and acquaint 
the attendees in the major aspects of establishing and operating the Salon.  The training program 
is mandatory and must be successfully completed within the time frame established by Great Clips. 
The training includes online, classroom, teleconference, live virtual and in-salon training, all as 
Great Clips may specify from time to time.  Franchisee will be granted access to GREAT CLIPS® 
University (the online learning system) upon becoming a GREAT CLIPS® franchisee, and will 
be required to complete a number of mandatory courses prior to attending certain live virtual 
and/or in-person trainings.  Franchisee may also be required to attend in-person training courses 
conducted at training facilities or other locations designated by Great Clips. The in-person training 
will be scheduled by Great Clips in its sole determination.  Great Clips reserves the right to deliver 
training via video, electronic media, the Internet or other online communications, or through other 
means.  If Franchisee fails to complete the training program to Great Clips’ satisfaction, Great 
Clips may cancel this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.2.  Training requirements may be 
