will be limited to making a finding, judgment, decision and award relating to the interpretation of 
or adherence to the written provisions of this Agreement. The Arbitrator will not have the authority 
or right to add to, delete, amend or modify in any manner, the terms, conditions and provisions 
of this Agreement. All findings, judgments, decisions and awards of the Arbitrator will be limited 
to the dispute set forth in the Demand for Arbitration, and the Arbitrator will not have the authority 
to decide any other issues. The Arbitrator will not have the right or authority to award punitive 
damages to either party. All findings, judgments, decisions and awards by the Arbitrator will be 
in writing, will be made within 60 days after the arbitration hearings have been completed, and 
will be final and binding on Franchisee and Great Clips. The written decision of the Arbitrator 
will be deemed to be an order, judgment and decree and may be entered as such in any court of 
competent jurisdiction by either party. 
11.3 
Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration.  The following disputes and controversies 
between Great Clips and Franchisee shall not be subject to arbitration: (a) any dispute involving 
the GREAT CLIPS® service mark or other trademarks; and (b) any dispute involving immediate 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 8(b), (e) or (f) of this Agreement. 
11.4 
Other Proceedings. Notwithstanding Paragraph 11.1, upon a breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement by Franchisee, Great Clips is entitled to injunctive relief in court 
restraining such breach without bond and without regard to the adequacy of its legal remedies. 
Interim equitable relief is available to Great Clips in addition to other remedies or rights Great 
Clips may have. Great Clips is also entitled to proceed in a court of law in lieu of arbitration to 
obtain a decree of specific performance requiring that each provision of this Agreement be 
honored, carried out and enforced as written and to obtain a declaratory judgment or other 
appropriate relief if there is a controversy over interpretation of this Agreement or the rights and 
obligations of the parties. Notwithstanding Paragraph 11.1, Great Clips may also proceed against 
Franchisee in a court of law to collect sums of money due to Great Clips or to protect or enforce 
its rights in or under the Marks. 
11.5 
Venue and Jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will take place exclusively in 
Minneapolis, Minnesota. Any other legal proceeding involving any dispute between the parties 
must be venued exclusively and solely in federal or state court in Hennepin County, Minnesota. 
Great Clips and Franchisee and their respective officers, directors and shareholders, partners and 
personal guarantors acknowledge that Franchisee and its officers, directors and employees have 
had substantial business and personal contacts with Great Clips in Minnesota, do hereby agree and 
submit to personal jurisdiction in Minnesota, and hereby waive any rights they may have to contest 
venue and jurisdiction in Minnesota and any claims that the venue and jurisdiction in Minnesota 
are invalid. 
11.6 
Costs and Fees. The prevailing party in any arbitration or court proceeding shall 
recover its costs in obtaining relief under this Agreement, including its reasonable attorneys' fees. 
12.
Single Program. This Agreement cannot be used in conjunction with any other
incentive program except as specifically authorized in writing by Great Clips. 
13.
Notices. Except as described in other provisions of this Agreement, all notices
permitted or required to be delivered under this Agreement shall be deemed delivered upon the 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
7 of 8
EXHIBIT H 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
