 
ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
 
The following information applies to franchisees subject to Maryland statute and regulations. 
Notwithstanding anything in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the Franchise Agreement is 
hereby amended as follows: 
1. 
Section 17.1 of the Franchise Agreement provides for termination for insolvency or 
bankruptcy, this provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. 
2. 
Contrary to Section 16.5 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 14-216(c) (25) of the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure law permits a franchisee to bring a lawsuit in 
Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Section 14-216(c) (25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law permits a 
franchisee in Maryland to bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within three years after the grant of the franchise. 
3. 
Franchisee’s execution of a general release in favor of Great Clips pursuant to Section 15.4 
of the Franchise Agreement will not act as a waiver to relieve Great Clips from liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
4. 
Any representations made in the Franchise Agreement are not intended to and will not act 
as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law. 
5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
(Signatures on following page.) 
