ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
The following information applies to franchisees subject to North Dakota statutes and 
regulations. Notwithstanding anything in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the Franchise 
Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
1. The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and unequitable 
under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee 
to sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement. Therefore, the requirement 
that the franchisee signs a release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is deleted from 
any place it appears in the Franchise Agreement.
2. Covenants not to compete are generally considered unenforceable in the state of North Dakota.
3. Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent to a waiver of 
exemplary and punitive damages are deleted.
4. Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent to a waiver of trial 
by jury are deleted.
5. Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the 
State of North Dakota.
6. The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, 
including attorney’s fees.
7. The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair, unjust, or 
inequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the 
franchisee to consent to the jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota or to 
arbitration or mediation at a site that is remove from the site of the franchisee’s business. 
Therefore, any references in Section 16 of the Franchise Agreement that the franchisee 
consents to the jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota or to arbitration or 
mediation at a site located outside of North Dakota are deleted.
8. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
(Signatures on following page.) 
