Page 9 - Ver. 012425 
22. Taxes. All prices are subject to the addition of any applicable federal, state or local sales
and/or use taxes, which shall be paid by you.
23. Third Parties. It is understood and agreed that ICS shall have the right to contract with third
party representatives to fulfill some or all of its obligations under this Agreement.
24. General Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States and
the State of Minnesota. You and ICS hereby submit to the jurisdiction of any court in 
Minneapolis, Minnesota which may have subject matter jurisdiction over a claim relating to this 
Agreement, whether such matters arise in contract or tort or otherwise, and you hereby waive 
and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding that you are not subject to 
the jurisdiction of such courts or that the proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that 
venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. If for any reason a court of competent juris- 
diction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The failure of either party to enforce rights 
granted hereunder or to take action against the other party in the event of any breach hereunder 
shall not be deemed a waiver by that party as to subsequent enforcement of rights or subsequent 
actions in the event of future breaches. ICS and any ICS authorized representatives shall not be 
liable for any failure to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement as a result of any action, wholly 
or partially beyond its control including, but not limited to, acts of God or of yours, or of civil 
commotion, terrorism, delays in transportation, material shortages, strikes, or any other la- bor 
disturbances. 
25. Authorization Confirmation. You acknowledge and state that you are a Great Clips
franchisee or its representative authorized to bind the franchisee to this Agreement. 
26. Complete Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the par- 
ties with respect to the Styleware Software Suite and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this
Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by ICS.
Signed: 
Innovative 
Computer 
Software 
6321 Bury Drive Suite 1 
Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55346 
(952) 949-2507
(800) 735-1436 Customer Service & Support
