 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
5 
 
Marks.  Franchisee shall take no action that interferes with Great Clips’ ownership, use or 
registration of the Marks. 
 
 
4.2 
Usage.  Franchisee will display and use the Marks only in the manner and form 
prescribed or authorized by Great Clips in writing.  Standards for such usage are subject to change.  
Franchisee will use the Marks only in connection with approved advertising and providing services 
and products prescribed or authorized by Great Clips and must not use the Marks in any other 
business that Franchisee is affiliated with or otherwise sublicense or authorize others to use the 
Marks.  Franchisee must not use any of the Marks in or as a corporate or business name, as part of 
a social media handle or website, nor may Franchisee use the Marks in or as a name for an 
independent franchisee association, organization or cooperative.  Franchisee also must not apply 
to register any of the Marks (or anything containing or confusingly similar to the Marks) as a 
trademark, service mark, or, unless required by law, trade name with any government authority.  
Further, Franchisee is prohibited from using the Marks, and must clearly identify Franchisee as 
the employer of its employees on all employment-related documents, including but not limited to 
employment applications, employee handbooks, paychecks, etc.  Great Clips may also permit 
Franchisee to use from time to time other trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names and 
commercial symbols as may be designated in writing.  Great Clips reserves the right, if necessary, 
in Great Clips’ determination to change the licensed Marks on a system wide or regional basis. 
Upon notice to Franchisee, Franchisee at its expense will promptly adopt the new principal mark(s) 
designated by Great Clips for the Salon, the business conducted by the Salon, and the products and 
services offered by the Salon, including new salon signage and trade dress. 
 
 
4.3 
No Use of Other Marks.  Franchisee agrees to use the mark GREAT CLIPS® as 
the sole identification of its GREAT CLIPS® Salon.  Franchisee agrees that it will affix a notice in 
the location with content and form prescribed by Great Clips that it is an independent contractor 
operating under a GREAT CLIPS® franchise agreement and as such, an authorized user of the 
Marks and that the owner of the Marks is Great Clips.   
 
4.4 
Use of Marks on the Internet.  Franchisee’s use of the Marks on the Internet and 
in domain names is subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the then-current versions of the 
Great Clips Electronic Marketing, Recruiting, and Communications Policy, the Great Clips 
Information Protection Policy, and any other policies developed and/or specified by Great Clips 
in its sole determination.  This includes those marks that may be pending registration or are 
considered, in Great Clips’ sole determination, to be identifying Marks of the System.  Great Clips 
reserves the right to establish and modify rules which will govern Franchisee’s use of the Marks 
on the Internet including domain names, homepages, and electronic addresses or otherwise in 
connection with a website, including social media sites, review sites, and location directories, and 
Franchisee agrees to abide by such rules.  Franchisee is prohibited from using any of the Marks, 
including the words “Great Clips”, “greatclips” or any confusingly similar variants thereof, in any 
domain name, social media account, or individual or group email address except as authorized by 
Great Clips.  Franchisee’s right to use the Marks on the Internet will terminate immediately upon 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
