Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
21 
participate in such promotions and/or programs.  Franchisee may be required to sell services and/or 
products with maximum price limits.  Any such pricing and promotional requirements will be 
based on Great Clips’ sole determination of what would be in the best interests of the System to 
protect its competitive brand position.   
11.3 
North American Advertising Fund.  Franchisee will cooperate with Great Clips 
in various marketing and sales promotion programs.  Great Clips reserves the right to establish and 
prescribe periodic marketing and sales promotion or discount programs.  Great Clips has the sole 
and absolute right, within its own assessment of the general best interests of the GREAT CLIPS® 
System, to determine the amount and nature of expenditure of funds collected into the Ad Fund 
for advertising, research and development, customer acquisition and retention, customer 
experience improvements, customer loyalty program development and maintenance, marketing 
data analysis, marketing strategy and execution – including digital marketing, marketing 
technology investments, public relations, promotion incentives, sponsorships, marketing 
partnerships, charitable events, giveaways and various sales promotion activities and as to the 
selection of materials, programs, media and agencies on which said expenditures are made.  Great 
Clips is not obligated to spend any amount collected into the Ad Fund in the DMA in which the 
Salon is located.  Great Clips may compensate itself and its affiliates from the Ad Fund for 
reasonable expenses of administering and promoting the Ad Fund and the activities funded and 
administered through the Ad Fund, including any taxes that may be levied on or in relation to the 
Ad Fund receipts or fund balances.  Great Clips will advise Franchisee annually of the receipts and 
expenditures of the Ad Fund and, upon written request from Franchisee, of Great Clips’ expense 
of administering and promoting the Ad Fund and its programs. 
11.4  Market Development Advertising Fund.  Great Clips has the sole and absolute 
right to determine the amount and nature of expenditures from the MDAF.  Great Clips has the 
exclusive right to decide whether and in what proportions such funds will be allocated to 
advertising, research, marketing, public relations, sales promotions or other areas, and to select 
materials, programs, media and agencies it deems appropriate. Great Clips is not obligated to spend 
any amount collected into the MDAF in the DMA in which the Salon is located.  Great Clips may 
compensate itself and its affiliates from the MDAF for all reasonable expenses of administering 
and promoting the MDAF and programs funded and administered under the MDAF, including for 
payment of any taxes that may be levied on or in relation to MDAF receipts or balances.  Great 
Clips has no obligation to Franchisee to account for its administration of or expenditures under the 
MDAF. 
11.5 
Grand Opening.  Franchisee will execute and complete a grand opening marketing 
plan (“Grand Opening Plan”) at Franchisee’s expense in the form, and using the advertising and 
promotional campaign and materials, reasonably designated or authorized by Great Clips. 
Franchisee will be required to spend the then-current expenditure requirement for the grand 
opening.  Franchisee will not open the Salon until Great Clips has approved Franchisee’s Grand 
Opening Plan pursuant to the review and approval protocols we establish, which may change from 
time to time.  The approved Grand Opening Plan may be shared with the local Co-op.   
