17 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Type of Fee1 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Salon Upgrades 
$20,000 - 
$80,000 
Every seven to 10 
years 
You will be required to remodel your Salon every seven to 10 years 
depending on then-current standards and the overall condition of the 
Salon. This is an estimated range of Salon upgrades as of the date of 
this Disclosure Document, and subject to change in the future.  
Salon Ongoing Maintenance 
Costs 
$3,000-$9,000 
Annually, as 
incurred 
You will be required to make periodic improvements and upgrades, 
such as painting, carpeting, graphics updates, fixture repair and 
ongoing maintenance depending on the wear and tear of the Salon. This 
is an estimated range of periodic improvements, upgrades and ongoing 
maintenance as of the date of this Disclosure Document, and subject to 
change in the future.  
Architectural Fees 
$100 - $3,800 
As incurred 
If you remodel or relocate your Salon, you will be required to pay the 
architectural fees at the beginning of the remodel or relocation project. 
1All fees or payments are imposed or collected by and payable to Great Clips and are non-
refundable except as noted.  All fees are uniformly imposed (except as noted).  Great Clips does 
not charge or collect any fees, in whole or in part, on behalf of any third parties.  Biweekly 
accounting periods and payment dates are determined periodically by Great Clips.   
2You are required to make Continuing Franchise Fee, Continuing Advertising Fee, the Recruiting 
Technology Fee as well as all other fees payable by you to (or collected from you by) Great Clips 
via automatic bank withdrawal.  A sample of the Automated Clearing House Authorization is 
included as Exhibit N.  If you are selling your last salon and leaving the System entirely, you must 
make all required payments to Great Clips via weekly automatic withdrawal including and through 
the time you leave the franchise system. 
Item 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of Payment 
When Due 
To Whom Payment is 
Made 
Initial Franchise Fee 
$20,000 or $35,000 (if 
you sign a Three Star 
Program Agreement, 
along with three separate 
Franchise Agreements) (1) 
Lump sum of $20,000 
for your first 
Franchise Agreement 
Two installments of 
$10,000 each for 
subsequent Franchise 
Agreements 
Lump sum of $35,000 
if you sign a Three 
Star Program 
Agreement 
Upon signing of your 
Franchise Agreement 
$10,000 upon signing of 
each subsequent Franchise 
Agreement; $10,000 when 
you order your equipment. 
Upon signing of your Three 
Star Program Agreement 
Great Clips 
