 
49 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Provision 
Section in Agreement 
Summary 
f. 
Termination by Great Clips with 
cause 
 
Sections 5.2, 17.1-17.3, 
and 17.5 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
Sections 7 and 8 of Master 
Development Agreement 
 
Great Clips may cancel your Franchise Agreement if: you fail to open 
the Salon within 24 months of the date Great Clips accepts the 
Franchise Agreement; you are no longer in good standing prior to 
signing a lease; you fail to satisfactorily complete required training; 
you engage in speculative behavior prior to the Salon opening; or if 
you breach your Franchise Agreement. 
 
Great Clips can terminate if you fail to: comply with the Development 
Schedule; pay amounts due under the Master Development Agreement 
or any Franchise Agreement; any Franchise Agreement or Master 
Development Agreement is terminated by Great Clips; or you breach 
any of the terms and conditions of the Master Development 
Agreement.  
g. 
“Cause” defined - curable defaults 
Sections 17.1 - 17.3 of 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7 of Master 
Development Agreement 
Great Clips may terminate your Franchise Agreement if you fail to 
comply with system standards, fail to make payments when due, 
misrepresenting Salon financials, or if you offer any unauthorized 
products or services. “Good cause” is a material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement or any other Franchise Agreement you have with 
Great Clips.  You have seven days to cure for non-payment of sums 
due, and 30 days in all other cases, except those items in “h.” below.  
Notice of termination may be given simultaneously with notice of 
default, subject to a right to cure. 
 
You may be given time to cure for failure to comply with the 
Development Schedule. 
h. “Cause” defined - non-curable 
defaults 
Sections 17.1 -17.3 of 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8 of Master 
Development Agreement 
Great Clips can terminate immediately if you: impair or threaten to 
impair the Marks or System; become insolvent; make an assignment 
for the benefit of creditors; admit an inability to pay debts when due; 
abandon the Great Clips business; are convicted of or plead guilty or 
no contest to any offense; or if you assign an interest in the Franchise 
Agreement without the consent of Great Clips; fail to renew the 
franchise in accordance with its terms; make a material 
misrepresentation or omission in the franchise application; fail to 
timely cure a default under the lease; make or permit any unauthorized 
use of Confidential Information; or make, directly or indirectly, 
through agents and employees, a material misuse of customer data and 
information.  Great Clips can terminate upon a 30-day written notice 
if you engage in repeated breaches of the Franchise Agreement or 
commit a material breach of the Franchise Agreement that cannot be 
cured due to the nature of the breach. 
 
Failure to pay amounts due under the Master Development Agreement 
or any Franchise Agreement; any Franchise Agreement is terminated 
by Great Clips; or a breach of any of the terms and conditions of the 
Master Development Agreement may result in immediate termination. 
i. 
Your obligations on termination / 
non-renewal 
Section 18 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9 of Master 
Development Agreement 
Upon the termination or non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement, you 
must cease all use of the Marks; assign the telephone number for the 
Salon to Great Clips; pay all sums owed; return the manuals and cease 
all use of proprietary information; de-identify the Authorized 
Location; execute a general release in favor of Great Clips and its 
affiliates in a form acceptable to Great Clips, and comply with the non-
competition covenant described in “r.” below. 
  
Upon the termination or non-renewal of the Master Development 
Agreement, all rights granted under Master Development Agreement 
immediately revert to Great Clips.  Termination does not affect the 
individual Franchise Agreements signed for each open franchised 
location in the Exclusive DMA. 
j. 
Assignment of contract by 
 
Great Clips 
Section 15.1 of Franchise 
Agreement 
There is no restriction on Great Clips’ right to assign. 
