 
35 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Great Clips designates to provide a connection to the salon management system, and you must 
promptly update and upgrade the operating system, payment terminal software, and Styleware iPad 
apps as determined by Great Clips.  Great Clips reserves the right, if necessary and in Great Clips' 
sole determination, to change the software programs to be used by its franchisees, in which case 
you will be required to replace the software programs within the time frame specified by Great 
Clips and at your expense. 
 
Hardware 
Franchisees are required to use the Styleware iPad solution in their salons.  To run the Styleware 
iPad solution, Great Clips requires franchisees to either purchase or rent a standardized salon 
hardware and infrastructure package for point-of-sale purposes through a Great Clips designated 
integrator. You are required to pay all managed services fees, licenses, warranties and service fees 
on required network and hardware. 
 
Credit Card Processing 
You must use the Heartland Payments Solution for processing credit card transactions.  The current 
required payment terminal is an Ingenico Lane/5000, these hardware requirements are subject to 
change. As more fully described in Item 8, Great Clips anticipates that the Verifone P630 will be 
the required payment terminal beginning in or around July 2025. You will pay a new Location Set 
Up Fee of $15 and will pay $.016 per transaction to Heartland Payment Systems.  You also will 
be enrolled automatically in Heartland Payment Systems’ Merchant Protection Program at a cost 
of $5 per month per salon, which helps ensure that franchisees are compliant with applicable PCI 
and related payment processing security standards.  These fees are subject to change.  A sample of 
the Heartland Payment Systems Merchant Processing Agreement is included as Exhibit J.   
 
Franchisees with an Ingenico Lane/5000 payment terminal are automatically enrolled in the 
Warranty and Support Program.  Franchisees are billed for the warranty and support program on 
a monthly basis. Fees for the warranty and support program, as well as the term covered by the 
fee, are subject to change. If Great Clips requires you to purchase a different payment terminal, 
you may be required to pay a similar fee for warranty and product support.  
 
Access 
You must maintain your computer and all salon technology devices so as to provide Great Clips 
with independent, unimpeded and complete access to all sales, financial, marketing, customer, 
productivity, management and other business information and other operational data.  All such 
information for your Salon is proprietary property owned by Great Clips, and Great Clips provides 
you with a limited license to use this information during the term of the Franchise Agreement.  
There are no contractual limitations on Great Clips’ rights to access information for your Salon, 
and you must ensure that your use of such information complies with Great Clips’ Customer Data 
Access Policy. 
 
Great Clips requires all franchisees to provide Great Clips with access to all sales, financial, 
marketing, customer, management and other business and operational data that we may specify 
pertaining to the Salon.  This information is provided to Great Clips via a secure electronic transfer 
from your point-of-sale database or in such other format as Great Clips requires. You are also 
required to provide this information to Great Clips through the Internet and data warehousing site.  
