 
24 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
suppliers of such product who are reasonably available to franchisees, and if such proposed 
supplier's product proves to comply with Great Clips' standards and specifications for such 
product, its facilities appear adequate to meet the needs of our franchisees, and they are open to 
periodic inspection by Great Clips.  The cost of evaluating a proposed new supplier may be charged 
to you or the supplier.  You will be notified by email or verbally regarding the authorization or 
rejection of a supplier whose appointment you have requested within 90 days of our receipt of all 
the required information.  Great Clips, in its sole determination, will revoke its appointment of a 
previously authorized supplier when we determine that the supplier is not meeting the standards 
and specifications established by Great Clips for that product or service.  Great Clips currently 
grants or revokes approval to its suppliers verbally or in writing.  Great Clips does not currently 
have any distribution or purchasing cooperatives.  
 
You are bound by the terms of the Franchise Agreement to construct and operate your GREAT 
CLIPS® Salon in accordance with the requirements of the Operations Manual, Great Clips’ facility 
standards, approved construction plans and signage drawings, and other communications issued, 
or as revised periodically, by Great Clips.  You must have architectural drawings completed by a 
licensed architect.  All drawings must be submitted to and approved by Great Clips prior to 
commencing any work on the location.   
 
You must upgrade and refurbish your Salon facility and fixtures, signage and equipment 
periodically as determined by Great Clips.  Any upgrades that you are required to complete to 
maintain the Salon in accordance with Great Clips’ then-current standards will be at your expense.  
You will be required to remodel your Salon every 7-10 years depending on then-current standards 
and the overall condition of the Salon.  You will also be required to make periodic improvements 
such as painting, carpeting, fixture repair and ongoing maintenance depending on the wear and 
tear of the Salon.  It is anticipated that your ongoing investment will be approximately $20,000 - 
$80,000 every 7-10 years and $3,000 - $9,000 on an annual basis.   
 
You must obtain a license to use a suite of software from Great Clips’ designated Point of Sale 
(POS) software supplier, which is currently Innovative Computer Software (“ICS”).  As of the 
date of this Disclosure Document and as described more fully in Item 11, ICS is the sole provider 
of POS software, and you must license all POS software for the Salon from ICS.  See Exhibit I for 
the current ICS Contract.  You will be required to utilize the required payment terminal and 
payment processor for credit card and gift card processing.  Great Clips’ sole designated supplier 
is currently Heartland Payments Solution for processing credit card transactions.  The Heartland 
Payment Systems Merchant Processing Agreement is included as Exhibit J.  You may be required 
to invest in other hardware, software, and related technology components in the future at Great 
Clips’ sole determination.    
 
You will be required to use The Foundation as the provider for network and hardware managed 
services, network equipment, and computer hardware and stands as designated by Great Clips, 
including all necessary and renewable warranties, licenses, and fees. The Foundation offers options 
to either purchase or rent hardware to run the designated POS software.  
 
You must either purchase or rent a payment terminal from The Foundation for use in operating the 
Salon.  The current required payment terminal for new salons is the Ingenico Lane/5000 payment 
