 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
2 
 
with Franchisee for a single location or multiple locations within the Protected Area, the DMA (as 
defined in Section 1.2) in which the Salon is located, or other territories.   
 
 
1.2 
Authorized Location.  Franchisee must locate the Salon at a location consented to 
by Great Clips (the “Authorized Location”) within the following geographic area defined by 
Nielsen Media Research Company by a group of counties in the United States that make up a 
particular 
television 
market 
(the 
“Designated 
Market 
Area” 
or 
 
“DMA”):  
____________________.  Upon the opening of the Salon, the Authorized Location will be 
identified on the Confirmation of Opening form attached to this Agreement.   Franchisee may not 
conduct any other business nor offer any unauthorized services or products at the Authorized 
Location.  The Authorized Location may only be identified by the name GREAT CLIPS® or 
another of the licensed Marks designated in writing by Great Clips.    
 
1.3 
Relocation.  With the consent of Great Clips, and if Franchisee is in good standing, 
Franchisee may apply to relocate the Salon subject to Great Clips’ then-current Relocation Policy.  
Franchisee and each of Franchisee’s shareholders must execute a General Release in favor of Great 
Clips, in the form prescribed by Great Clips.  Great Clips will consent to or reject Franchisee's 
relocation application in accordance with its then-current Relocation Policy.  If the Salon is 
temporarily closed pending relocation, Franchisee may not assign any interest in the franchise to 
another party or entity until such time as the Salon is reopened and in operation, or unless 
Franchisee is leaving the GREAT CLIPS® System entirely.  Franchisee must promptly apply to 
renew this Agreement if it expires during an approved closed-pending -relocation period and 
Franchisee desires to relocate the Salon subject to this Agreement beyond its initial term. 
 
 
1.4 
Protected Area.  While this Agreement is in effect, Great Clips will not establish 
or license another person or entity to establish a GREAT CLIPS® salon within a radius of three-
quarters of a mile from the primary customer entrance of the Salon (the “Protected Area”), except 
as further provided in subparagraphs 2.2 and 2.3 below.  If the Authorized Location is in a densely 
populated area, as solely determined by Great Clips, the Protected Area will be a radius of one-
tenth of a mile from the primary customer entrance of the Salon.  If the Authorized Location is 
designated as a Non-Traditional Location, as solely determined by Great Clips, the Protected Area 
will be determined by Great Clips at the time of such designation.  The Protected Area for a Non-
Traditional Location will be further described in an exhibit to this Agreement.   
 
2. 
ACCEPTANCE BY FRANCHISEE 
 
 
2.1 
Acceptance.  Franchisee accepts this Agreement and the license granted to 
Franchisee and undertakes the obligation to diligently develop and operate the Salon in accordance 
with the System using the Marks in strict compliance with the terms and conditions specified in 
this Agreement.  Franchisee may not franchise, subfranchise, license or sublicense the rights 
granted to Franchisee in this Agreement. 
 
 
2.2 
Non-exclusive License.  The license granted to Franchisee is non-exclusive.  Great 
Clips and its affiliates have the absolute right to establish company-owned or franchised GREAT 
CLIPS® salons at any locations they choose outside of the Protected Area of the Salon.  Great 
