Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
29 
limitation, employee stock ownership plans and 401k rollovers) will be approved as investors in 
Franchisee entities, or as Designated Operators. 
15.8 
Public Offering.  Unless such restriction is prohibited by applicable law, 
Franchisee is not permitted to make a public offering which would include the GREAT CLIPS® 
Salon or the Franchise Agreement.   
15.9 
Death or Disability.  In the event of the death, disability or incapacity of any 
individual Franchisee or principal officer or shareholder of an incorporated Franchisee or partner 
in a partnership Franchisee, or member of a limited liability company, or settlor of a trust, the 
transferee, assignee, beneficiary, personal representative, trustee or legal representative of the 
Franchisee’s estate must apply for Great Clips’ consent to Assignment of the Franchise 
Agreement.  The Assignment will not be valid or effective until Great Clips has received the 
properly executed legal documents which it deems necessary to properly and legally document the 
transfer, assignment, bequest or devise of this Agreement, and until the assignee(s), agree to be 
unconditionally bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to personally guaranty 
the performance of Franchisees’ obligations under this Agreement.  In order for consent/approval 
to be granted by Great Clips, the assignee must:  (i) be of legal age and capacity to enter into a 
Great Clips Franchise Agreement; (ii) meet Great Clips’ standards and qualifications for new 
franchisees; (iii) agree to operate the Salon as a GREAT CLIPS® salon; (iv) demonstrate that it is 
financially qualified to operate the Salon;  (v) have no conflicting interests with Great Clips as 
determined by Great Clips in its sole determination;  (vi) devote its best efforts to the management 
of the GREAT CLIPS® business;  (vii) successfully complete Great Clips’ training program within 
the time frame established by Great Clips (if the assignee has experience operating GREAT 
CLIPS® salons, Great Clips will consider that experience and performance as a factor in the 
approval process). The assignee will be required to comply with all of the terms and conditions of 
Sections 14 and 15 of this Agreement including the payment of the Assignment Fee owed under 
Section 15.6.  
16.
RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES
16.1 
Arbitration.  Except as specifically provided to the contrary in this Agreement, all 
disputes concerning this Agreement or the business conducted hereunder, including allegations of 
fraud, misrepresentation or violation of any state or federal law or regulation, will be resolved by 
the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and 
Regulations.  Either party may commence arbitration by filing a Demand for Arbitration with the 
American Arbitration Association and serving the Demand for Arbitration on the opposing party.  
A Demand for Arbitration must be filed within three years of the date when any cause of action 
asserted in the Demand for Arbitration accrued, or such cause of action will be barred and must be 
dismissed by the Arbitrator.  For purposes of this Agreement, a cause of action will be deemed to 
have accrued when the claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the facts on which the 
cause of action is based.  All arbitration proceedings will be individual proceedings between Great 
Clips and the Franchisee and will not be conducted on a class basis or include any other franchisees 
as named parties unless Great Clips and the Franchisee agree in writing to proceed on such a basis. 
Franchisee waives the right to, or claim for, any punitive or exemplary damages against Great 
