Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
13 
matter.  Franchisee is required to provide Great Clips with a copy of Franchisee's fully executed 
lease for the Salon and any amendments or renewals to the lease to ensure that at all times Great 
Clips has a copy of the then-current lease.  If the landlord requires a lease guaranty from Great 
Clips as a condition of Franchisee’s tenancy (and Great Clips agrees to provide such guaranty) or 
if Great Clips assigns a lease to Franchisee but is unable to be released from its corporate guaranty, 
Franchisee must pay to Great Clips the amount of $1,500 or its then-current lease liability fee 
(“Lease Liability Fee”), whichever is higher.  In addition, if Great Clips subleases or assigns a 
lease to Franchisee, Franchisee must reimburse Great Clips for Great Clips’ out-of-pocket 
expenses related to such sublease or assignment.   
8.3 
Facility Standards.  Franchisee is solely responsible for ensuring that the Salon is 
designed, constructed or improved, equipped and furnished in accordance with Great Clips’ 
System standards.  The Salon must conform to Great Clips’ approved salon layouts, floor plans, 
specifications, cutting station requirements, exterior and interior decorating designs and color 
schemes.  Franchisee must have architectural drawings completed by a licensed architect.  All 
drawings must be submitted to and approved by Great Clips prior to commencing any work on the 
location.  Franchisee will purchase equipment, furnishings, fixtures and signs for the Salon from 
Great Clips or from suppliers authorized by Great Clips.  Franchisee will not install vending 
machines, gaming machines or other unapproved furnishings or equipment.  Franchisee must 
obtain necessary permits, licenses and other legal or architectural requirements and must ensure 
that the Salon is in compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, statutes and 
building codes, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and any applicable state 
cosmetology regulations.  Franchisee may remodel or alter the Salon, or change its equipment or 
fixtures, only with Great Clips’ prior consent.  Franchisee will promptly repair or replace defective 
or obsolete equipment, signage, property, flooring or fixtures in accordance with such standards 
established by Great Clips.   
8.4 
Signage.  The Salon will be identified only by the Marks and must contain or 
display only signage that has been specifically designated or authorized by Great Clips.  The Salon 
will contain signage prominently identifying Franchisee as a franchisee of Great Clips.  Franchisee 
must display information relating to GREAT CLIPS® franchise opportunities in the lobby area of 
the Salon as required by Great Clips and must display promotional banners and signage as may be 
required by Great Clips from time to time, including promotional materials from Great Clips 
approved partners and promotional events.  
8.5 
Great Clips’ Right to Modify Facility Standards.  Great Clips may modify 
facility standards from time to time in response to changes in consumer expectations and buying 
trends, to implement enhancements in response to technological advances, as a result of Great 
Clips’ research and development activities, and to meet competition. Franchisee will be required 
periodically to remodel, modernize, and redecorate the Salon and to replace and modernize the 
furniture, fixtures, graphics, signage, supplies and equipment so that the Salon will reflect the then-
current System standards.  Franchisee will implement changes in facility requirements when 
prescribed, even if additional investment or expenditures are required. Nothing in this Agreement 
limits the frequency or cost of future changes to the System that Great Clips may require.  
Franchisee understands and agrees that Great Clips has no ability to identify with specificity the 
