Page 2 - Ver. 012425 
2. Data Storage and Access. ICS agrees to provide electronic storage for up to two (2) years of
salon data collected, generated, or transmitted through the operation of the Styleware Software 
Suite at a site physically remote from you. ICS guarantees that access to the data will be avail- 
able 90% of the time over the term of this Agreement subject to maintenance. ICS will maintain 
the data storage system from time to time at their discretion and ICS reserves the right to 
schedule this maintenance as needed. ICS agrees to provide you with notice of scheduled 
maintenance. ICS reserves the right to delete data that exceeds your storage limits upon notice. 
ICS agrees to provide an opportunity to obtain additional storage space at then-current rates. 
ICS reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue any (or all) aspects of the remote data 
stor- age at any time without liability. 
3. Telephone Support. ICS agrees to provide telephone support for the Styleware Software
Suite according to the times detailed in ICS' Telephone Support Schedule that is provided to all
Great Clips franchisees. (A current schedule is given in Appendix A.) All times are according to
Central Time. The Telephone Support Schedule is subject to change upon thirty (30) days writ- 
ten notice from ICS. On site services and telephone support provided outside the Telephone
Support Schedule may be provided at ICS's then-current time and materials rates which may
change without notice.
4. Monthly Fee. You agree to pay ICS a monthly licensing and support services fee for the
Styleware Software Suite according to the fees and payment terms in a fee schedule that is pro- 
vided to all Great Clips franchisees. (A current fee schedule is given in Appendix A.) All fees are
payable in U.S. dollars through ICS' automatic payment program only. Payment fees and terms
are subject to change upon thirty days prior written notice from ICS. Fees will be adjusted every
two years unless market conditions require otherwise.
5. Use of Software. You agree to:
a) operate the Styleware Software Suite in the recommended computer and physical
environment;
b) maintain and operate a broadband connection to the Internet;
c) designate a contact with a telephone number and email address;
d) maintain the confidentiality of your passwords and any other data protection mechanisms
recommended by ICS;
e) authorize Great Clips Inc. and Great Clips Inc. approved vendors to have access to the
data as needed at their discretion;
f)
establish routine maintenance procedures;
hg) 
cooperate with ICS or ICS' authorized representative; 
h) provide all information and data in sufficient quantities in a manner and form and at such
times as ICS or ICS' authorized representative may reasonably request in connection with
carrying out their obligations under this Agreement;
i)
give ICS or ICS' authorized representative full and free access to your equipment; and
j)
maintain adequate working space and conditions (including heat, light, ventilation,
electrical current and outlets) within a reasonable proximity of your equipment for use by
ICS or ICS' authorized representative.
