34.
FORCE MAJEURE.
If Landlord or Tenant is delayed, hindered in or prevented from the performance required 
hereunder by reason of strikes, lockouts, labor troubles, failure of power, riots, insurrection, war, 
acts of God, or other reason of like nature not the fault of the party delayed in performing work or 
doing acts (hereinafter “Permitted Delay” or “Permitted Delays”), such party will be excused from 
such performance for a period of time equivalent to the delay caused by such Permitted Delay.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any extension of time for a Permitted Delay will be conditioned 
upon the party seeking an extension of time delivering written notice of such Permitted Delay to 
the other party within 10 days of the event causing the Permitted Delay, and the maximum period 
of time which Landlord may delay any act or performance of work due to a Permitted Delay will 
be 60 days 
35.
LANDLORD’S SECURITY INTEREST.
Landlord shall not take any interest in Tenant’s assets, nor file any UCC or other financing 
document against Tenant’s property.  Landlord hereby disclaims, releases and subordinates any 
interest that Landlord may have in Tenant’s goods, trade fixtures, furniture, equipment and other 
personal property and agrees to execute any reasonable disclaimer and consent requested by 
Tenant or its lender.  Said disclaimer and consent may disclaim, release or subordinate Landlord’s 
interest in Tenant’s goods, trade fixtures, furniture, equipment and other personal property and 
may further allow Tenant’s lender to occupy the Premises without charge for a short time period 
for the purpose of disposing of and retaining Tenant’s property.    
36.
PARKING.
All parking within the Shopping Center shall be non-exclusive and Tenant has the non-exclusive 
right to use all parking within the Shopping Center.  Landlord also agrees not to locate any short-
term parking directly in front of the Premises.   
37.
SATELLITE DISH.
Subject to governmental regulations, Landlord grants Tenant, at Tenant’s cost, the right to install, 
maintain and operate a mast mounted satellite dish and the related equipment necessary to operate 
the satellite dish (“Dish”) on the portion of the roof of the building that is above the Premises or 
at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties.  Tenant shall submit site specific installation and 
mounting details for the Dish for Landlord’s approval and shall utilize Landlord’s roofing 
contractor, or other contractor approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.  Tenant shall locate the Dish so that its visibility does not adversely affect the overall 
architectural harmony of the building.  In no event shall the installation of the Dish interfere with 
other tenants of the building or impair or otherwise adversely impact the integrity of the roof of 
the building.  Landlord may require that Tenant, at Tenant’s cost, relocate the Dish if required or 
desired by governmental authority or by a third party.  In the event of relocation of the Dish, Tenant 
and Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to find an alternative location with adequate reception.  
Tenant shall install and operate the Dish in accordance with governmental regulations. Tenant 
shall hold Landlord harmless from any damage to the Dish.  Tenant shall, at Tenant’s sole cost, 
immediately repair and indemnify Landlord from any damage to the Building from the installation, 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
11 of 13
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
LEASE ADDENDUM
