 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
7 
 
(d) 
Franchisee is an existing GREAT CLIPS® franchisee and becomes restricted from 
expansion under Great Clips’ policies (including, without limitation, the then-
current version of the Compliance Policy) for any reason between the time Great 
Clips accepts this Agreement and before a lease is fully executed for the Authorized 
Location; or 
(e) 
Franchisee is in breach of this Agreement. 
 
5.3 
Refundability. The Initial Franchise Fee is non-refundable, except that Great Clips 
will refund the Partial Initial Franchise Fee, after deducting amounts owed to Great Clips, if:(a) 
this Franchise Agreement is cancelled before Franchisee opens the Salon, and (b) this Agreement 
is not the first Franchise Agreement that Franchisee has entered into with Great Clips; and (c) this 
Agreement is not part of an incentive program which requires non-refundable fees or deposits to 
be paid to Great Clips. To receive a refund of the Partial Initial Franchise Fee, Franchisee and each 
of Franchisee’s shareholders in this Agreement must sign a General Release in favor of Great Clips 
and Great Clips will have no further obligation to Franchisee.  All refunds are without interest. 
 
5.4 
Continuing Franchise Fee.  Franchisee will pay Great Clips biweekly as a 
continuing franchise fee (the “Continuing Franchise Fee”) an amount equal to 6% of Franchisee’s 
Gross Sales.    
 
 
5.5 
Continuing Advertising Contribution.  Franchisee will make a biweekly 
continuing advertising contribution (the “Continuing Advertising Contribution”) to the GREAT 
CLIPS® North American Advertising Fund (the “Ad Fund”), in an amount equal to 5% of 
Franchisee’s Gross Sales.   
 
5.6 
Gross Sales.  “Gross Sales” means the total dollar volume income from all cash, 
credit or charge sales of all services, merchandise and products sold or rendered in connection with 
Franchisee’s GREAT CLIPS® business.  Gross Sales will not include any sales or use tax imposed 
by any taxing authority directly upon sales if the amount of the tax is added to the selling price and 
expressly charged to the customer.  If a taxing authority imposes any tax on Great Clips such as a 
sales tax or other tax on the Continuing Franchise Fee or on any other fees paid to Great Clips, 
Great Clips reserves the right to collect any such tax directly from Franchisee.  Gross Sales from 
GREAT CLIPS® Gift Cards, Value Cards or similar prepaid cards (“Gift Cards”) are included upon 
the redemption of a value on the Gift Card and are included upon recognition of any dormancy 
amounts of Gift Card liabilities.  All Gross Sales of any kind must be run through the Salon 
computer system. 
 
 
5.7 
Initial Market Development Advertising Fund Contribution.  Franchisee will 
pay an initial advertising contribution (the “Initial Advertising Contribution”) of $5,000 to the 
Market Development Advertising Fund (the “MDAF”). If this is Franchisee’s first Franchise 
Agreement with Great Clips, Franchisee will pay the Initial Advertising Contribution upon signing 
this Agreement.  If this Agreement is not the first Franchise Agreement Franchisee has signed, the 
Initial Advertising Contribution will be paid at the time Franchisee places the equipment order 
with Great Clips for the Salon.  No equipment order will be accepted by Great Clips from 
Franchisee without receipt of the Initial Advertising Contribution to the MDAF.  The Initial 
