16 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Type of Fee1 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Other Technology Fees 
See Remarks 
As incurred 
Fees associated with the reconfiguration of salon technology are 
payable to The Foundation when an existing salon is purchased to 
transfer ownership.  Technology transfer fees include but are not 
limited to: 
$90 per Salon router 
$30 per salon iPad 
These fees are subject to change. 
Credit Card Processing Fee 
$15 Per 
Location Set Up 
Fee 
$.016 per 
transaction 
$5 per salon 
As incurred. 
As incurred. 
Monthly, as billed 
You are required to utilize the Heartland Payments Solution for credit 
card processing.  You will pay a one-time Per Location Set Up Fee of 
$15, this fee is paid to Heartland and is subject to change.  
The processing fee per transaction is payable to Heartland Payments 
Systems and is subject to change.  A copy of the Heartland Payment 
Systems Merchant Processing Agreement is attached as Exhibit J.  
This monthly charge relates to the Heartland Payment Systems’ 
required Merchant Protection Program and is subject to change. You 
are automatically enrolled as a participating merchant.  
Gift Cards and Gift Card 
Processing Fee 
$0.32 per card 
$0.095 per 
transaction 
As incurred. 
You are required to offer Gift Cards, Value Cards or similar prepaid 
cards (“Gift Cards”) to customers for use as gift certificates, 
promotional cards, or store credit.  The cost for physical gift cards and 
the processing fee per transaction is payable to Stored Value Systems, 
Inc., the third-party processor for the Gift Card Program.  The gift card 
fee and gift card processing fee are subject to change.  A copy of the 
Participation Agreement with Stored Value Systems, Inc. is attached 
as Exhibit K. 
Out-of-Pocket Expenses 
Related to Lease or Sublease 
Assignment 
As incurred 
Upon assignment 
of lease or 
sublease to you 
If Great Clips assigns a lease or subleases to you, you must cover Great 
Clips’ out-of-pocket expenses related to the assignment, including 
renewals, amendments and subsequent assignments. 
Real Estate Commission 
As incurred 
Upon demand 
In rare cases a franchisee may be required to pay a real estate 
commission on a site for the salon.  This would either be paid directly 
to the landlord, the broker or to Great Clips if we had been charged a 
commission. 
Sister Store Review Appeal 
Fee 
$500 - $1,000 
As incurred 
If you wish to participate in an executive-level Sister Store Review 
Appeal to evaluate the potential sales transfer impact of a proposed 
new Great Clips location, you will pay Great Clips a fee of $500 - 
$1,000. You may be entitled to a refund of this fee if the outcome is 
decided in your favor.  
Late Charges 
Accrued interest 
of 14% per 
annum or the 
highest interest 
allowed by law 
in the state 
where the Salon 
is located 
Upon demand 
Great Clips is entitled to recover its costs, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees, costs, overdraft charges, insufficient funds charges and 
other expenses in collecting amounts due.  Interest begins to run from 
the date of non-payment or underpayment. 
Audit or Inspection Cost 
Cost of audit 
Upon demand 
You must pay the cost of an audit, inspection, and reasonable 
professional fees if Great Clips inspects your books and finds a 
discrepancy of 5% or greater in any data reported by you or an 
underpayment of 2% or more of any fees or Ad Fund contributions 
due. 
Taxes, Business Debts or 
Liens 
As applicable 
As charged 
These are generally paid by you to the government agency, supplier or 
other creditor.  If you do not pay these charges, Great Clips may, but 
is not obliged to, pay any taxes, business debts or liens incurred by you 
in connection with your Salon, and will bill the same back to you. 
