A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
16 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
EBT Provider's ability to process such adjustment to the Account of a recipient of government benefits, 
regardless of whether the error being adjusted was caused, in whole or in part, by HPS. 
5.14.7 Deluxe EBT Program. 
If Merchant is a participant in an EBT Program in the States of Kansas, Louisiana, (or any other state 
where Deluxe Data Systems, Inc. ["Deluxe"] is the prime contractor for the state), Merchant agrees that 
Deluxe, which is the EBT Provider for those states, shall have no liability to Merchant arising out of 
Deluxe's management of the EBT Program or processing of Transactions except for Merchant's direct 
damages caused by fraud or intentional misconduct committed by Deluxe's employees. 
In no event shall Deluxe be liable to Merchant for indirect, incidental or consequential damages. 
Merchant agrees and acknowledges that Deluxe is a third party beneficiary of EBT for purposes of this 
limitation liability. 
6.
Fees
6.1
As consideration for the services to be provided by HPS, Merchant shall pay HPS various fees in the manner 
and pursuant to the Fee Schedule set forth herein and in the Application. The Fee Schedule may be amended 
as set forth in Section 19.11 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Merchant is responsible for all Pass 
Through fees charged by the Card Schemes. Merchant is responsible for verifying the accuracy of its monthly 
statements received from HPS for the services provided hereunder. 
6.2 
Merchant shall pay fees charged to Merchant by third parties for telephone equipment, the preparation of the site(s) 
prior to installation of electronic data capture equipment and/or peripheral equipment, installation, maintenance, 
line charges, and utility costs. In addition, Merchant shall be responsible for any increase in long- distance 
communication costs, internet access, gateway costs, IP, SSL, DSL, lease, frame, and processing charges from 
third party vendors. 
6.3 
Merchant shall pay all applicable sales taxes for services and products provided by HPS. 
6.4 
All Card-Not-Present Transactions will be subject to the applicable interchange rates as defined by the Card 
Schemes. Notwithstanding the fees and costs listed in the Fee Schedule, Merchant shall pay any additional costs 
and fees associated with “Non-Qualifying Transactions” (including, but not limited to, Card-Not-Present 
Transactions, or Transactions involving corporate, business, purchasing and/or rewards Cards or any other types 
of Cards subject to Non-Qualifying rates). In addition, Merchant shall pay a voice Authorization fee $0.65 per 
Transaction or HPS’ then current rate for Voice Authorizations. 
6.5 
Merchant shall pay such fees and charges as may be set by HPS for any requested system enhancements or 
services in addition to those specified herein or in the Merchant Application or as may be requested by applicable 
law or changes in the Rules. 
7.
Rights, Duties and Responsibilities of HPS
7.1 
HPS will accept all Sales Drafts and Credit Vouchers deposited by Merchant that comply with the terms of this 
Agreement. HPS will pay to Merchant the total face amount of each valid Sales Draft, less any Credit Vouchers, 
Discounts, fees or adjustments determined daily, weekly or monthly. All payments, credits and charges are subject 
to audit and final review by HPS and prompt adjustment shall be made as required. Notwithstanding any other 
provision in this Agreement, HPS may refuse to accept any Sales Draft, revoke its prior acceptance, or delay 
processing of any Sales Draft for any period of time, as HPS deems necessary and appropriate. HPS shall have 
no liability to Merchant for additional charges, higher rates, or any other loss, expense or damage Merchant may 
incur directly or indirectly due to any such refusal, revocation or delay. 
7.2 
HPS will accept customer service calls and other communications from Merchant relating to the services provided 
under this Agreement including, but not limited to, equipment service, disbursement of funds, Account charges, 
Merchant statements and Chargebacks. 
7.3 
HPS will process requests for Sales Drafts from Card Issuers and all Chargebacks and will provide Merchant with 
notice of requests and Chargebacks. 
