 
48 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Item 17 
 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise.  You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Agreement 
Summary 
a. 
Length of the franchise term 
 
Sections 3.1 and 15.5 of 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
Section 4 of Master 
Development Agreement  
 
Section 4 of Three Star 
Agreement 
The term of the Franchise Agreement extends 10 years from the date 
of opening the Salon or, if you buy an existing salon, the term will be 
the balance of the term of the agreement for the existing salon. 
 
10 years from date of acceptance by Great Clips.  
 
 
24 months from date of acceptance by Great Clips. 
b. 
Renewal or extension of the term 
Section 3.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
Section 5 of Master 
Development Agreement 
 
Section 4 of Three Star 
Agreement 
The Franchise Agreement provides no right to renew the agreement 
but may, in Great Clips’ discretion and subject to the requirements in 
Section 3.3 of the Franchise Agreement, be renewed for an additional 
renewal term of 10 years. 
 
The Master Development Agreement provides no right to renew the 
agreement but may, in Great Clips’ discretion and subject to certain 
conditions, be renewed for an additional term up of up to 10 years. 
 
The 24-month term will not be extended. 
c. 
Requirements for you to renew  
Section 3.3 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5 of Master 
Development Agreement 
To renew the Franchise Agreement, you must give the required notice, 
be in compliance with the Franchise Agreement and Great Clips’ 
policies, upgrade your Salon to then-current standards, pay a renewal 
fee of $1,750, re-attend training at Great Clips’ sole determination, and 
sign the then-current form of General Release and Franchise 
Agreement.  You may be asked to sign a Franchise Agreement with 
materially different terms and conditions than your original Franchise 
Agreement.  
 
To renew the Master Development Agreement you must give the 
required notice, be in compliance with all Franchise Agreements and 
Great Clips’ policies, your rights of expansion are not restricted in any 
way, each shareholder with an economic interest in the Master 
Development Agreement shall sign the then-current form of General 
Release and Master Development Agreement, continue to open salons 
under the Development Schedule, and pay all applicable development 
and renewal fees.   
d. 
Termination by you  
Section 17.3 of Franchise 
Agreement 
The Franchise Agreement may be terminated by you only for good 
cause or upon any grounds available by law. 
e. 
Termination by Great Clips without 
cause 
None 
 
