 
50 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Provision 
Section in Agreement 
Summary 
k. 
“Transfer” by you - definition 
Sections 14.1 and 15.2 of 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
 
Section 10 of Master 
Development Agreement 
 
 
 
Section 8 of Three Star 
Agreement  
A transfer is any transfer or assignment of assets or rights under the 
Franchise Agreement, or any ownership change that alters the 
percentage of ownership.  All assignments, however minor, must be 
consented to in advance by Great Clips. 
 
You cannot assign any rights or interest in the Master Development 
Agreement without the prior written consent of Great Clips. An 
assignee must assume Franchisee’s interest in each of the individual 
Franchise Agreements for all salons located in the Exclusive DMA. 
 
You cannot assign a majority interest of the Three Star Agreement to 
any party other than an original individual shareholders or partners.  
l. 
Great Clips approval of assignment 
by franchisee 
Sections 15.4, 15.7 and 
15.8 of Franchise 
Agreement 
Great Clips must give its prior written consent to an assignment, which 
will not be unreasonably withheld.  Unless prohibited by applicable 
law, you will not be permitted to make a public offering which would 
include the Salon or the Franchise Agreement.  
m. Conditions for Great Clips approval 
of assignment 
Sections 15.4-15.6 of 
Franchise Agreement 
Great Clips may withhold consent to an assignment if assignee: does 
not agree to operate the Salon as a GREAT CLIPS® salon; is not 
personally or financially qualified; does not meet Great Clips’ then-
current qualification guidelines for new franchisees; is not eligible to 
expand (if assignee is an existing franchisee); has conflicting interests 
with Great Clips; will not devote best efforts to management of the 
business; or cannot communicate in English.  Assignee must sign the 
new form of Franchise Agreement but only for the balance of the term 
of the assignor’s Franchise Agreement, and will be responsible for all 
ongoing or future fees or amounts (including any unpaid MDAF 
amounts) owed under the Franchise Agreement.  Assignee, and each 
of assignee’s shareholders, must sign Great Clips’ form of General 
Release and Great Clips’ form of Guaranty. Assignee must pay the 
assignment fee, if applicable.  Assignor may not assign any interest in 
the Franchise Agreement if the Salon is not in operation except in the 
limited instance where Franchisee is selling all Salons and leaving the 
System entirely.  If the Salon is temporarily closed, pending relocation, 
it may not be assigned in whole or in part unless the Franchisee is 
selling all Salons and leaving the System entirely. 
n. 
Great Clips right of first refusal to 
acquire your business 
Section 14 of Franchise 
Agreement 
If you decide to sell, merge, assign or otherwise dispose of any interest 
in the franchise, you must first offer the proposed transaction to Great 
Clips.  Great Clips has 60 days after receiving the terms of a bona fide 
offer to match the offer for the Salon governed by the Franchise 
Agreement on the price and terms or cash equivalent of the offer.  In 
the event Great Clips does not exercise its right of first refusal and the 
offer changes in any way, or another offer is made, this new offer must 
be presented to Great Clips.  We will then have 60 days to accept the 
new offer on the price and terms or cash equivalent of the third party 
offer.  Any offer that Great Clips does not match must be transacted 
within 120 days from the date that Great Clips notifies the assignor 
that it does not wish to exercise its right of first refusal.  If the 
transaction does not take place within 120 days, Great Clips has the 
right to re-evaluate and match the offer if it elects to do so. 
o. 
Great Clips option to purchase your 
business 
Section 19.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
Upon termination, expiration or non-renewal, Great Clips has the right, 
but not the obligation, to buy any or all equipment and furnishings in 
the Salon at a price set by a qualified appraiser. 
p. 
Your death or disability 
Section 15.9 of Franchise 
Agreement 
If your heirs or executor wish to continue operating the Salon, they 
must apply for Great Clips’ consent to the assignment and pay any 
applicable Assignment Fee. 
q. 
Non-competition covenants during 
the term 
Section 20.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
You and your spouse must have no involvement in any way in any 
haircare or personal grooming business, beauty schools, cosmetology 
schools, barber schools, or any business selling hair products during 
the term of the Franchise Agreement at any location or over the 
Internet. 
