 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
6 
 
4.5 
Litigation.  Great Clips will have the sole and absolute right to determine what 
steps, if any, will be taken in any instance of unauthorized use or infringement of any of its Marks 
and will have complete control of any litigation or settlement in connection with any claim of an 
infringement or unfair competition or unauthorized use with respect to the Marks.  Franchisee must 
immediately notify Great Clips if it becomes aware of any unauthorized use or infringement of 
any of the Marks.  Franchisee, at Franchisees own expense, will assist and cooperate with any suit 
or other action undertaken by Great Clips with respect to such unauthorized use or infringement 
such as by giving testimony or furnishing documents or other evidence.  The attorneys’ fees for 
any such action will be paid by Great Clips. 
 
4.6 
Quality Control.  Franchisee shall ensure that the Salon operations and those 
products and services offered by the Salon under the Marks: (a) maintain a level of quality that is 
consistent with the System standards provided to Franchisee according to Section 8.3 and the other 
quality standards provided by Great Clips to Franchisee in the GREAT CLIPS® Operations 
Manual, other manuals, training programs, the Online Resources (defined in Section 10.6) and 
other communications by Great Clips to Franchisee; (b) are in accordance with all applicable laws, 
government regulations, health and safety codes, and prevailing industry quality standards; and (c) 
shall not reflect adversely upon, tarnish or disparage the Marks or Great Clips. 
 
4.7 
Crisis Situations.  Great Clips will have the sole and absolute right to determine 
what steps will be taken and what communications will be made in instances of a crisis that impacts 
the GREAT CLIPS® brand.  “Crisis” includes an event that occurs at the Salon or impacts the 
GREAT CLIPS® brand in such a way that may cause harm or injury to the GREAT CLIPS® 
Marks, System, reputation, and image.  
 
5. 
FEES 
 
 
5.1 
Initial Franchise Fee.  Franchisee will pay an initial franchise fee (the “Initial 
Franchise Fee”) of $20,000.  If this is Franchisee’s first Franchise Agreement with Great Clips, 
Franchisee will pay the $20,000 Initial Franchise Fee upon signing this Agreement.  If this 
Agreement is not the first Franchise Agreement Franchisee has signed, $10,000 of the Initial 
Franchise Fee (the “Partial Initial Franchise Fee”) is due and payable upon the signing of this 
Agreement.  The balance of $10,000 is due and payable at the time Franchisee places the 
equipment order with Great Clips for the Salon.  Great Clips will not accept Franchisee’s 
equipment order for the Salon without the receipt of the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee.  
 
5.2 
Right to Cancel Agreement.  Great Clips will have the right, but not the obligation, 
to cancel this Agreement if:   
 
(a) 
Franchisee fails to open the Salon within 24 months of the date of this Agreement; 
(b) 
Franchisee fails to complete the then-current version of the training program to 
Great Clips’ satisfaction within 180 days of signing this Agreement; 
(c) 
Great Clips determines that Franchisee is using this Agreement with a view toward 
resale or redistribution of the salon;  
