A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
11 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
4.25 
HPS agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to mail or electronically transmit all Chargeback documentation 
to Merchant promptly at Merchant’s address shown in the Merchant Application; however, HPS may at any time 
without prior notice debit Merchant’s DDA or any other Merchant Account for Chargebacks without prior notice in 
accordance with this Agreement. 
 
If Merchant notifies HPS after such time, HPS may, in its discretion, assist Merchant, at Merchant’s expense, 
in investigating whether any adjustments are appropriate and whether any amounts are due to or from other 
parties; however, HPS shall not have any absolute obligation to investigate or effect any such adjustments. Any 
voluntary efforts by HPS to assist Merchant in investigating such matters shall not create an obligation to 
continue such investigation or any future investigation. Merchant must provide all information requested by HPS 
by the time specified in a request for information. Failure to respond within the specified time shall constitute a 
waiver by Merchant of its ability to dispute or reverse a Chargeback or other debit, and Merchant shall be solely 
responsible where it fails to timely provide information concerning any Chargeback. 
 
If HPS elects, in its sole discretion, to take action on a Chargeback after the time specified to respond has 
expired, Merchant agrees to pay all costs incurred by HPS. Merchant agrees to pay HPS a processing fee for 
Sales Draft retrieval requests at HPS’ discretion. 
4.26 
Merchant agrees to reimburse HPS for the amount of the Sales Draft in the event of a Chargeback together with a 
handling fee for each Chargeback, which fee may be amended from time to time. Merchant hereby irrevocably 
authorizes HPS to debit without notice Chargebacks and Chargeback handling fees and all other amounts due 
hereunder from Merchant’s daily deposit and if such collection is inadequate, agrees to reimburse HPS immediately 
for any shortage that occurs as a result of such charges. 
 
4.27 
Merchant will be subject to debit for a Chargeback in accordance with the Rules in effect at the time of the 
Chargeback. The basis for Chargebacks and the rules for their processing are governed by the Rules. However, all 
disputes that are not resolved through established Chargeback procedures shall be settled between Merchant and 
the Cardholder, and Merchant will indemnify HPS for all expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that may 
be incurred as the result of any Cardholder claim that is pursued outside the Rules. Merchant acknowledges and 
agrees that it is bound by the rules of the Card Schemes with respect to any Chargeback. 
 
Merchant further acknowledges that it is solely responsible for providing HPS and Member Sponsor Bank with 
any available information to re-present a Chargeback and that, regardless of any information it provides or does 
not provide HPS and Member Sponsor Bank in connection with a Chargeback, or any other reason, Merchant 
shall be solely responsible for the liability related to such Chargeback. If any such amount is uncollectible 
through withholding from any payments due hereunder or through charging Merchant’s Account or the Reserve 
Account, Merchant shall, upon demand by HPS, pay HPS the full amount of the Chargeback. 
 
4.28 
Merchant shall not accept or deposit any fraudulent Transaction, or any Transaction about which Merchant has 
knowledge or notice of circumstances that would impair the validity of the Transaction or the indebtedness 
thereunder or its collectability. 
 
4.29 
Merchant unconditionally represents and warrants to HPS that all Sales Drafts submitted to HPS hereunder will 
represent the indebtedness of the Cardholder with whom Merchant has completed a Transaction in amounts set 
forth therein for Products only and shall not involve any element of credit for any other purposes, and shall not be 
subject to a defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim that may be raised by Cardholder under the Card Schemes 
Rules, the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 USC § 1601) or other relevant state or federal statute or regulation. 
Further, Merchant warrants that any Credit Voucher that it issues represents a bona fide refund or adjustment on 
a Transaction by Merchant with respect to which a Sales Draft has been accepted by HPS. 
 
4.30 
Merchant shall not, under any circumstances, present for processing or credit, directly or indirectly, a Transaction 
that originates with any other Merchant or any other source. 
 
4.31 
Merchant shall not deposit duplicate Transactions. Merchant shall be debited for any adjustments for duplicate 
Transactions and shall be liable for any Chargebacks which may result therefrom. 
 
4.32 
Merchant shall not initiate a Transaction in an attempt to collect a Chargeback. 
 
4.33 
To the extent legally permitted, Merchant shall give HPS immediate written notice of any complaint, subpoena, civil 
investigative demand or other process issued by any state or federal governmental entity that alleges, 
