Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
38 
22.
MISCELLANEOUS
22.1 
Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by federal law, including but not 
limited to the United States Trademark Act of 1946, as amended (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051 
et seq.) and Federal Arbitration Act with respect to the parties’ rights under Section 16 above, this 
Agreement and the relationship between the parties will be governed by and interpreted in 
accordance with the laws of the state in which the Authorized Location is located, without regard 
to any conflict of laws principles of such state. 
22.2 
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties.  
There are no representations, inducements, promises, agreements, arrangements or undertakings, 
oral or written, between the parties other than those set forth herein.  This Agreement may not be 
waived, altered or canceled, in whole or in part, except by a writing signed by the parties.  Nothing 
in this Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made by 
Great Clips in the franchise disclosure document.  
22.3 
Severability.  All provisions of this Agreement are severable and this Agreement 
will be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or unenforceable provisions were 
severed, the remainder of this Agreement will remain in effect and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. 
22.4 
Notice.  Except as described in other provisions of this Agreement, all notices 
permitted or required to be delivered under this Agreement shall be deemed so delivered: (1) when 
delivered by hand to the notified party’s registered agent for service of process, or if the notified 
party is an individual person, to that individual [or someone with apparent authority to accept 
deliveries on that individual’s behalf]; (2) three (3) business days after placed in the United States 
mail by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or one (1) business 
day for U.S. delivery and three (3) business days for international delivery after placed in the hands 
of an overnight courier, for next day delivery, and addressed to Great Clips at its corporate 
headquarters or to the Designated Operator at the Designated Operator’s last known address or the 
notified party at its most current principal business address of which the notifying party has been 
notified; or (3) one (1) business day after being sent via email to the notified party at the email 
address for notices specified in this Agreement, which a party may update by providing written 
notice to the other party. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Great Clips also may deliver notices required under this Agreement to the Salon, Authorized 
Location, or the Great Clips Email for the Franchisee, which notices shall be deemed delivered in 
accordance with the terms described above. 
22.5 
Relationship.  Great Clips and Franchisee stand solely in the business relationship 
of licensor and licensee and vendor and vendee, and nothing in this Agreement or in the parties’ 
dealings with each other should be deemed to form any sort of employment relationship between 
franchisor and franchisee. Great Clips and Franchisee are not and do not intend to be partners, 
agents, joint venturers, associates or employees of the other in any way, and Great Clips will not 
be construed to be jointly liable for any of Franchisee’s acts or omissions under any circumstances.  
