Great Clips, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
11 
Note 1. 
Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Employee retention credit: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it 
qualified for the employee retention credit which was available through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and 
Economic Security (CARES) Act. The Company recognized income of approximately $3,985,000 for the 
employee retention credit, which is the credit, net of related fees, and it is included in other income on the 
statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has a receivable for the 
employee retention credit of approximately $1,480,000, which is included in trade receivables on the 
balance sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
Revenue recognition: Revenues consist of franchise revenue. The Company recognizes revenue when 
it satisfies a performance obligation. The Company receives continuing franchise fees, initial franchise 
fees and North American Advertising Fund contributions, which are included in the Company’s franchise 
arrangements. Revenue is recognized in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 
(Topic 606): Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
Continuing franchise fee revenue: The Company’s franchisees are required to remit 6% of their sales 
as royalties to the Company. The Company recognizes this royalty as the underlying franchisee sales 
occur. 
Initial franchise fee revenue: The Company recruits potential franchisees, provides support in 
identifying locations for salons and assists with preopening efforts in exchange for the initial franchise fee. 
The Company defers these fees as unearned initial franchise fees upon collection from the franchisee 
and amortizes the fees into revenue over 12 years, the estimated life of the franchise agreements, as the 
services comprising the performance obligation are satisfied. The Company typically grants franchise 
rights to franchisees for an indefinite term. 
North American Advertising Fund contributions: The Company’s franchisees are required to 
contribute 5% of their sales to an advertising fund. The Company’s advertising services are provided both 
on a systemwide basis and market-level basis. The Company recognizes these sales-based advertising 
contributions from franchisees as Ad Fund contributions when the underlying franchisee sales occur. The 
Company records the related advertising expenses as incurred or as Ad Fund contributions are 
recognized in revenue.  
Contract liabilities: The Company’s received but unearned initial franchisee fees reported in the 
Company’s balance sheets represent contract liabilities and are amortized into revenue over the 
estimated life of the franchise agreements, which is 12 years. 
Salon development sales: Salon development sales represent purchases of salon equipment by 
franchisees and are recorded as a receivable and a payable in the financial statements as the Company 
acts as an agent for franchisees by placing orders for and selling equipment to franchisees. This activity 
is recorded net within continuing franchise fee revenue in the statements of earnings. Total gross salon 
development sales were approximately $16,270,000, $13,876,000 and $11,967,000 for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Advertising: The Company expenses advertising costs for franchise development when incurred. 
Advertising expenses were approximately $186,000, $118,000 and $121,000 for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
