 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
14 
 
nature of these future general improvements or their expected cost and accepts the risk that future 
general improvements may be imposed that will require significant capital expenditures in an 
amount that is unknown on the date the Agreement is signed by Great Clips and that cannot be 
fully amortized over the period of time then remaining in the initial term. Great Clips reserves the 
right to automatically ship new graphics or other required facility items directly to the Salon.  
Franchisee will promptly pay Great Clips or the vendor for such materials, including shipping, 
installation and taxes. 
 
8.6 
Salon Opening.  Franchisee will not open the Salon until: Franchisee is notified by 
Great Clips that the Salon meets Great Clips’ standards and specifications; Franchisee has procured 
all required licenses and permits; Franchisee confirms that it is fully-staffed such that required 
hours of operation can be met; Franchisee has successfully completed training to Great Clips’ 
satisfaction; Franchisee has an approved grand opening marketing plan; and all applicable 
franchise fees and other amounts owing to Great Clips have been paid.   
 
9. 
STANDARDS OF OPERATION 
 
9.1 
Business System.  Franchisee acknowledges that Great Clips owns and controls 
the System for the establishment, operation and promotion of the GREAT CLIPS® business.  
Franchisee acknowledges that the information contained in the Operations Manual, Great Clips’ 
policies, the Online Resources, email communications, training videos, proprietary software and 
systems, electronic media and other materials or communications constitutes trade secrets of Great 
Clips.  All enhancements and improvements to the System are the exclusive property of Great 
Clips. Franchisee may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, 
“Feedback”) to Great Clips with respect to the System.  Feedback is voluntary.  Franchisee agrees 
that Great Clips may use Feedback for any purpose without liability or compensation to Franchisee 
or obligation of any kind, and hereby grants Franchisor an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, 
fully-paid-up, royalty-free, world-wide license to use the Feedback in connection with any 
business activities conducted by Great Clips or Great Clips’ affiliates. 
 
9.2 
Salon Operations.  Franchisee will at all times operate the Salon in compliance 
with the System standards, authorized services, operating systems, and other aspects of the System 
prescribed by Great Clips in the Operations Manual, Great Clips’ policies, through the Online 
Resources, email communications, training videos, electronic media, and other materials or 
communications, as revised periodically by Great Clips. Any required standards exist to protect 
Great Clips’ interests in the System and Marks and to ensure consistent, quality delivery of the 
GREAT CLIPS® brand and approved services to customers, and not for the purpose of 
establishing any control or duty to take control of matters that are reserved to Franchisee 
(including, without limitation, Franchisee’s obligation to comply with all laws applicable to the 
franchised business as well as all employment-related matters).  Franchisee must not duplicate or 
disseminate the Operations Manual, content from the Online Resources, training videos, 
proprietary software and systems, electronic media, and other materials or communications in 
whole or in part, and must destroy superseded pages of all manuals, and must return tangible copies 
of the Operations Manual, training videos, electronic media, and all other materials or 
communications to Great Clips immediately upon the assignment, termination or expiration of this 
