the Three Star Franchise Agreements within the 24-month time frame specified.  Each Lease must 
meet the following criteria in order to qualify for the Three Star Program benefits: 
5.1 
The Lease must be for a location that is in the DMA specified in Section 1 of this 
Agreement, unless otherwise approved in writing by Great Clips. 
5.2 
The Lease may only be for a location for which Franchisee has an approved Site 
Evaluation and Consent Form, acknowledged and executed by Great Clips. 
Franchisee alone is responsible for acquiring and gaining Great Clips’ consent to 
the Three Star Franchise Agreement Authorized Locations. 
5.3 
The Lease must include the required assignment language, as described in the Three 
Star Franchise Agreement(s). 
5.4 
The Lease must be executed by both Franchisee and the lessor within the 24-month 
time frame.  If the Lease is not signed by both parties within the required time 
frame, then Franchisee may not use the Lease to qualify for the Three Star Program 
benefits. 
5.5 
Franchisee must promptly submit to Great Clips a copy of the fully-executed Lease 
(signed by both parties), including all addenda and exhibits.  Great Clips will not 
acknowledge the Lease until a copy has been received from Franchisee. 
5.6 
Franchisee may not assume a lease from another Great Clips franchisee to utilize 
for the Three Star Program, but Franchisee may assume a lease from Great Clips to 
qualify for the Three Star Program. 
6.
Three Star Financial Benefits.  The following financial incentives will apply to
all qualifying Three Star franchisees: 
6.1 
The $20,000 Initial Franchise Fee as stated in the Three Star Franchise Agreements 
is waived. 
6.2. 
The Great Clips MDAF contribution stated in the Three Star Franchise Agreements 
will be the amount set forth in Section 3 for the first Three Star Franchise 
Agreement and will be waived for the remaining two Three Star Franchise 
Agreements provided Franchisee has followed the approved grand opening 
advertising plan as determined by Great Clips.  If Franchisee is deemed not to have 
followed the approved advertising plan, then the $5,000 MDAF contribution will 
be due and payable in full as required by the respective Three Star Franchise 
Agreement.   
7.
Conversion Option at Expiration of Term.  If Franchisee has executed Leases
for two of the Three Star Franchise Agreements under this Agreement at the expiration of the 
Term, at the sole and absolute determination of Great Clips, Franchisee may be granted the right 
to convert the third Three Star Franchise Agreement to a single Franchise Agreement (the 
“Conversion Agreement”) at a discounted rate. The cost for the Conversion Agreement is $15,000, 
consisting of a $10,000 Initial Franchise Fee and a $5,000 contribution to the MDAF.  Franchisee 
will pay the $10,000 Initial Franchise Fee at the time of the conversion and will pay $5,000 to the 
MDAF before Franchisee places the equipment order for the salon. In the event that Franchisee 
has less than two fully-executed Leases at the expiration of the Term, and  wishes to retain any 
non-qualifying Three Star Franchise Agreements, Franchisee may be permitted, at Great Clips’ 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
2 of 4
EXHIBIT G 
THREE STAR PROGRAM AGREEMENT
