 
19 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Franchise Agreement you sign in the Exclusive DMA, rather than the $20,000 or $35,000 
Initial Franchise Fees described in the table above, which apply to single unit Franchise 
Agreements and Three Star Program Agreements, respectively. 
 
(2) 
If you are participating in the Three Star Program, instead of paying the $5,000 Initial 
Advertising Contribution to the MDAF under each of the three Franchise Agreements you 
sign, you will pay us a non-refundable $5,000 Initial Advertising Contribution to the 
MDAF at the time you sign the Three Star Program Agreement.  Great Clips will waive 
payment of any further Initial Advertising Contribution to the MDAF for the Three Star 
Franchises provided you have fully-executed leases for each of the Three Star Franchises 
within the required 24-month timeframe, as more fully described in Item 5. 
 
(3) 
You will pay architecture fees for plans and drawings for your Salon and for the costs of 
copying and delivering the drawings. The higher end of this estimate assumes that revisions 
to completed plans are required, and local building code requires engineered mechanical, 
electrical and plumbing drawings.  The higher end of this estimate also assumes that your 
Salon will be located in a building requiring LEED Certification (Leadership in Energy 
and Environmental Design Green Building Rating System). 
 
(4) 
Leasehold improvements, fixtures, signage, furnishings and labor may be financed through 
lessors or third parties at your discretion.  If you finance these items, you will incur 
financing costs and will be required to sign a letter of guarantee.  Your Salon will likely be 
in a shopping center rather than a newly built, free-standing building. The cost of leasehold 
improvements will vary depending on the condition of the location when it is handed over 
to you from the landlord.  These estimated costs are based upon receiving the location in a 
standard “vanilla shell” condition.  Vanilla shell condition for a new build, usually means 
the HVAC, electrical and plumbing are all provided and are in the correct locations to meet 
the needs of a Great Clips space plan. Vanilla shell condition for an existing space usually 
means the HVAC, electrical and plumbing are all provided, but need to be adjusted, moved, 
or upgraded to meet the needs of a Great Clips space plan. The costs associated with these 
changes are typically at the tenant’s expense and are included in the fee estimates noted 
above.   
 
A typical GREAT CLIPS® salon is approximately 900 to 1,200 square feet.  In some 
circumstances, with Great Clips' consent, it may be possible to convert an existing free-
standing building or a pre-existing facility, as long as it conforms to all Great Clips' System 
standards.  The cost of these kinds of conversions are too individually variable to be 
realistically predicted and may cost more than a newly built facility.  You are responsible 
for obtaining all necessary permits or licenses necessary for the siting, construction, 
renovation or operation of the franchised business. 
 
(5) 
Rent is generally non-refundable.  Security deposits may be refundable either in full or in 
part, depending on the terms of your lease or contract.   
 
(6) 
Some suppliers may offer financing assistance and you may be able to arrange financing 
for part of your inventory expenses. 
