 
3 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
 
Governmental Regulations 
 
You are responsible for knowing and complying with all laws and licensing requirements related 
to the operation of your Salon. You are exclusively responsible for ensuring that your stylists are 
licensed by the state Cosmetology Board or equivalent licensing entity.  There will be industry-
specific regulations in your municipality, county or state relating to the operation of a haircare 
salon.  Health and sanitation regulations will require that your stylists maintain their haircutting 
equipment according to specified standards, including following proper sanitizing procedures and 
disposal of hair.  Environmental laws may regulate the way in which certain solutions are used, 
stored and disposed of in the process of providing services to customers.  Building codes may 
require Salon accessibility or special ventilation or plumbing within your Salon.  You must also 
comply with employment laws such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, Family and Medical Leave 
Act, Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, all federal and 
state wage and hour laws, paystub requirements, workers’ compensation, Internal Revenue Code, 
immigration laws, and all federal and state employment laws.  You are also responsible for the 
knowledge and application of all federal and state laws that are applicable to the business including 
all federal and state antitrust laws, anti-discrimination laws, data security and privacy laws, laws 
that are applicable to the computer system, payment processing or other technology used in the 
operation of the Salon – including, computer disposal and data wiping specifications, data and 
consumer privacy and security laws, including, but not limited to, the Telephone Consumer 
Protection Act (TCPA), the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS), the Credit 
Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (CARD) and state-based laws and 
regulations concerning gift cards, the National Automated Clearinghouse Association operating 
rules and all related and associated regulations, as well as any other applicable federal, state, and 
local laws and regulations related to direct marketing and consumer protection, along with the 
rules, requirements and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, such as, without limitation, the 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) 
Colorado Privacy Act, Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, The Connecticut Data Privacy Act 
(CTDPA), Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA), Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act 
(MTCDPA), Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act (ICDPA), New Jersey Data Privacy Law, New 
Hampshire Data Privacy Act (NHPA), Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA), Delaware Personal 
Data Privacy Act (DPDPA), Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (TDPSA), Nebraska Data 
Privacy Act (NDPA), Tennessee Information Protection Act (TIPA), Minnesota Consumer Data 
Privacy Act (MCDPA), Maryland Online Data Privacy Act (MODPA), Indiana Consumer Data 
Protection Act (ICPDA), Kentucky Consumer Data Protection Act (KCDPA), Rhode Island Data 
Transparency and Privacy Protection Act (RIDTPPA), state data breach notification laws, 
information security requirements such as 201 Mass. Code Reg. 1.700, and all similar federal,  
state, and local laws and all applicable industry standards concerning privacy, confidentiality and 
data security (collectively “Privacy  Laws”).  You may be required to sign a Data Processing 
Addendum. The Data Processing Addendum is attached as Exhibit R.  
