If the Premises become or are out of repair and not in good condition due to either the failure of 
Landlord to comply with the terms of this Section or a latent defect, then Landlord must perform 
or cause to be performed any and all repairs or replacements necessary to restore the Premises to 
a state of good condition and repair.  If any repairs or replacements required of Landlord hereunder 
are not completed within 10 days after Landlord has received written notice from Tenant of such 
state of disrepair or if such repairs cannot reasonably be completed within such 10 day period and 
Landlord fails to begin such repairs or replacements within 10 days after notice and proceed 
diligently thereafter to completion, then Tenant may prosecute such repairs itself and apply the 
cost of such repairs against the next maturing monthly installment(s) of Rent due hereunder.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an emergency Tenant may immediately prosecute 
any and all necessary repairs and offset the cost of such repairs against the next maturing monthly 
installment(s) of Rent due hereunder, but Tenant must notify Landlord of the emergency and 
related repairs as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable. 
15.
TENANT REPAIRS.
Tenant is not responsible for such repairs and maintenance if the need for such repairs or 
maintenance results from: (i) Landlord’s failure to perform its obligations hereunder; (ii) the act 
or neglect of Landlord or those claiming by, through or under Landlord; (iii) damage by fire or 
other casualty covered by Landlord’s insurance; or (iv) movement or settling of the building in 
which the Premises is located.   In any such events, Landlord is responsible for such repairs. 
16.
INDEMNIFICATION.
Landlord hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Tenant from and against any and all 
claims, demands, liabilities, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from Landlord’s 
obligations or active use of the Shopping Center or Common Areas or from any act negligently 
permitted, or any negligent omission to act, in or about the Shopping Center or Common Areas by 
Landlord or its agents, employees, contractors, or invitees, or from any breach or default by 
Landlord of this Lease, except to the extent caused by Tenant’s negligence or willful misconduct.  
If any action or proceeding is brought against Tenant by reason of any such claim, Landlord must 
defend the same at Landlord’s expense by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Tenant. 
Tenant shall have no obligation to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from any claims, 
damages, costs, expenses or losses that are a result of any negligent or intentional misconduct or 
omission of Landlord or any of its employees or agents.  In addition, Tenant’s obligations to 
indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from causes other than Tenant’s negligent or intentional 
misconduct shall be limited to the extent of insurance proceeds required to be maintained under 
the terms of the Lease.  The indemnification provisions under this Section are subject to the release 
and waiver of liability and subrogation provisions set forth in the Lease.   
17.
UTILITY SERVICE.
Landlord, at its cost, shall provide all water, sanitary sewer, electrical, gas and telecommunication 
utility lines to the interior of the Premises on or before the delivery date.  All utility lines to the 
Premises shall be separately metered or submetered at no cost to Tenant.   
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
5 of 13
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
LEASE ADDENDUM
