Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
3 
Clips and its affiliates may operate or franchise a business under a different trademark or name 
that sells services and products similar to those offered by Franchisee and may engage in any other 
operation, haircare or otherwise, at any location, including within or outside of the Protected Area 
and to any customer, including customers located in the Protected Area.  Great Clips and its 
affiliates, directly or indirectly through one or more third parties (for example, Amazon), may 
market, distribute and sell GREAT CLIPS® products, apparel and other items, including haircare 
products with the GREAT CLIPS® trademarks, service marks, trade names and other symbols, 
through alternative channels of distribution, at any location or over the Internet, including the 
Protected Area, without obligation to Franchisee.  Great Clips retains all rights not expressly 
granted to Franchisee in this Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges that the customer service area 
or trade area of another GREAT CLIPS® salon may overlap with Franchisee’s Protected Area. 
2.3 
Non-Traditional Locations.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the 
following certain locations within and outside the Protected Area are by their nature unique and 
separate in character from sites generally developed as GREAT CLIPS® salons.  As a result, 
Franchisee agrees that the following locations (“Non Traditional Locations”) are excluded from 
the Protected Area and Great Clips has the right to develop, license or franchise such locations:  
(1) military bases; (2) public transportation facilities, including, without limitation, airports and
other transportation terminals; (3) college and university campuses; (4) inside the perimeter of
grocery stores, club stores, big-box stores (e.g., large retail establishments offering a variety of
goods), and business and industrial locations (e.g., manufacturing site, office building); (5)
amusement and theme parks; (6) casinos; (7) community, entertainment, concert and special
events; (8) racing events; and (9) sporting events.
3.
TERM
3.1 
Initial Term.  This Agreement is in effect from the date it is signed by Great Clips 
and extends until the tenth anniversary of the date that the Salon opens for business.  Upon the 
opening of the Salon, the expiration date will be confirmed in writing by Great Clips on the 
Confirmation of Opening form attached to this Agreement. 
3.2 
Renewal.  Franchisee has no right to renew the rights licensed in this Agreement 
upon its expiration and expressly waives, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, any 
statutory right to renew this Agreement beyond its expiration. Great Clips may, in its sole 
determination, allow Franchisee to renew the rights licensed in this Agreement on the conditions 
specified in Section 3.3 for a consecutive additional renewal term of 10 years from the date of 
expiration of the term.   
If Franchisee continues to accept the benefits of this Agreement after the expiration of the initial 
term but does not complete the requirements in Section 3.3 below then, at Great Clips’ sole option, 
this Agreement may be treated as: (a) expired as of the date of the expiration and Franchisee will 
be operating without a franchise or license to do so and in violation of our rights to the Marks, 
brand and System; or (b) continued on a month-to-month basis (an “Interim Period”) and all of 
Franchisee’s obligations will remain in full force and effect during the Interim Period as if the 
Agreement had not expired.  Each Interim Period expires at the end of each calendar month unless 
