Great Clips, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
9 
Note 1. 
Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Other restricted cash: The Company is required by certain states to maintain initial franchise fees paid 
by franchisees in a restricted bank account until the salons open. The use of these funds by the Company 
is restricted until the salon opens. These balances consist of money market funds as of December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022. 
Trade receivables, net: Trade receivables are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made 
for credit losses based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a periodic basis. Credit is granted to 
franchisees in the normal course of business, generally without collateral or any other security to support 
amounts due. Management determines the allowance for credit losses by regularly evaluating current 
economic conditions and individual franchisees considering a franchisee’s financial condition and credit 
history. A trade receivable is considered past due if any portion of the receivable balance is outstanding 
beyond normal franchisee terms. Trade receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. 
Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. Trade receivables, net 
at December 31, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were approximately $9,543,000, $8,502,000, $9,485,000 
and $5,302,000, respectively. 
Inventories: Inventories include graphic packages, salon supplies and equipment, and are stated at the 
lower of cost (using the first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. The Company performs on-going 
lower of cost or net realizable value evaluations, and adjustments are made to reflect changes in market 
conditions, if necessary. 
Property and equipment: Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is provided in amounts 
sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated useful lives. 
Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their useful life or lease term. Assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis for financial reporting purposes. 
The estimated useful lives over which property and equipment are depreciated is as follows: 
Transportation equipment
5-20 years
Computer equipment and software
3-5 years
Leasehold improvements
5-10 years
Equipment
3-7 years
Leases: The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to increase transparency and comparability among organizations related to 
their leasing arrangement by recognizing right-of-use (ROU) lease assets and lease liabilities on the 
balance sheet and requiring disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. Lease expense 
continues to be recognized in a manner similar to legacy accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America (U.S. GAAP). See also Note 3. 
The Company made an accounting policy election under Topic 842 not to recognize ROU assets and 
lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. For all other significant leases, the Company 
recognizes ROU assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of lease payments over the lease 
term at the commencement date of the lease (or January 1, 2022, for existing leases upon the adoption of 
Topic 842). The ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and lease payments made at or 
before the commencement date and are reduced by any lease incentives.
