A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
10 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
in the same legal and DBA (if applicable) name as Merchant’s name on the Merchant Application; (b) Merchant 
will own and maintain control of the Account and will keep such Account open at all times during the term and 
as long as any Reserve Account is in effect; and, (c) the Account will not be associated with any merchant 
processing activity that is illegal or prohibited by the Rules or applicable law, including without limitation 
merchant processing activity associated with other accounts and/or processors. Merchant agrees that all credits 
for collected funds and debits for fines, fees, Chargebacks, Credit Vouchers, payments and adjustments and 
other amounts due under the terms of this Agreement (including but not limited to attorney’s fees and early 
termination charges) may be made to the Account. Merchant shall not close, restrict or change the Account 
without prior written approval from HPS. Merchant agrees to pay HPS a twenty-five dollar ($25.00) handling fee 
to change the DDA information and a twenty-five dollar ($25.00) fee on all returned ACH items. Merchant is 
solely liable for all fees and all overdrafts, regardless of cause. HPS shall have the unlimited right to debit, 
without prior notice, any DDA containing funds for the purpose of satisfying any liability incurred by or on behalf 
of Merchant. 
 
4.19 
Merchant agrees to retain original Card Scheme Sales Drafts and Credit Vouchers as specified by the Rules and 
Merchant assumes liability for all fines, fees, failures, charges and penalties charge to Merchant or HPS for a failure 
to comply therewith. 
 
Such documents shall be stored in a secure manner permitting retrieval and submission of legible copies on 
the same day that Merchant receives a request from HPS. Since a Card Issuer may over a period of time 
request duplicate copies of the same Sales Draft, Merchant must retain at least one legible copy of each Card 
Transaction. 
 
Failure to provide HPS with requested documentation within five (5) business days after receipt of such request 
may result in the Transaction being charged back to the Merchant and HPS shall have the right to debit the 
Account for the full amount of the Transaction. Merchant agrees that it shall destroy material containing 
Cardholder account information in a manner that renders the data unreadable. 
 
4.20 
Merchant shall not submit any Transaction for processing for the purpose of obtaining or providing a cash 
advance, or make a cash disbursement to any other Cardholder (including Merchant when acting as a 
Cardholder), or receive monies from a Cardholder and subsequently prepare a credit to Cardholder’s account. 
 
4.21 
As partial consideration for this Agreement, Merchant expressly authorizes HPS to change the financial 
institution providing settlement services to Merchant. Merchant will execute all necessary documents enabling 
HPS to effect such change. 
 
4.22 
Merchant shall provide HPS with immediate notice of its intent to: 
(a) transfer, sell or liquidate any substantial part of its assets; 
(b) change the basic nature of its business, including selling any Products not related to its current business; 
(c) change ownership or transfer control of its business; or 
(d) enter into any joint venture, partnership or similar business arrangement whereby any person or entity not 
a party to this Agreement assumes more than a ten percent (10%) interest in Merchant’s business. 
 
Merchant also shall provide HPS with prompt written notice of any material changes regarding any information 
provided in the Merchant Application, including Merchant’s address, ticket size or monthly volume. 
 
Merchant and principal owner(s) identified on an approved Merchant Application and any new owner of 
Merchant or successor Merchant shall be jointly and severally liable to HPS and remain liable for any and all 
losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by HPS in accordance herewith, unless the original Merchant 
or successor thereof is released in writing by HPS. 
 
4.23 
Merchant agrees to pay HPS the face amount of any Transaction processed by HPS pursuant to this Agreement 
whenever any Card Transaction is reversed in accordance with the Rules, any state or federal statute, 
regulation, court or administrative order or terms of this Agreement, or in the event of a Chargeback. 
 
4.24 
Merchant agrees to pay Member Sponsor Bank and/or HPS any fees, fines, penalties or assessments imposed 
directly or indirectly on Member Sponsor Bank and/or HPS by a Card Scheme resulting from all acts or omissions 
of Merchant, including without limitation, any fines, fees, penalties or assessments (such as Card replacement 
cost) imposed by Card Schemes in relation to Merchant’s or a Third Party Agent’s non-compliance with PCI DSS 
and/or Rules. 
