ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
The following information applies to franchisees subject to California statutes and 
regulations. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the 
Franchise Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
1.
California Business and Professional Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights
to the franchisee concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.
2.
In Section 20.2 of the Franchise Agreement, the covenant not to compete upon expiration
or termination of the Franchise Agreement may be unenforceable except in certain circumstances
provided by law.
3.
Section 16.5 of the Franchise Agreement requires all arbitration hearings to take place
exclusively in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and requires that any other legal proceedings must be
venued in federal or state court in Hennepin County, Minnesota. These provisions may be
unenforceable under California law.
4.
The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of punitive damages. This waiver may not be
enforceable under California law.
5.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Minnesota. This
provision may not be enforceable under California law.
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
7.
The highest interest rate allowed by law in California is 10% annually.
8.
Franchisees must sign a personal guaranty, making you and your spouse individually liable
for your financial obligations under the agreement if you are married. The guaranty will place your
and your spouse’s marital and personal assets at risk, perhaps including your house if your
franchise fails.
9.
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.
(Signatures on following page.) 
