 
42 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Great Clips must consent to any closure and relocation of the Salon.  Great Clips’ consent, if 
granted, is based on whether you are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, you have paid 
all money owed to us, the proposed relocation site meets our site selection criteria, and you comply 
with the lease requirements in the Franchise Agreement, and with the terms and conditions of the 
Relocation Policy.   
 
Any applications to open additional GREAT CLIPS® salons are subject to Great Clips’ sole and 
absolute right to choose with whom it will do business.  Great Clips has no obligation to enter into 
additional or new Franchise Agreements with existing franchisees with whom it has entered into 
previous Franchise Agreements for a single location or multiple locations. 
 
If you enter into a Master Development Agreement, you will be granted an exclusive area defined 
by the then-current television Designated Market Area (the “Exclusive DMA”) as long as you are 
in compliance with the development schedule and the terms and conditions of the Master 
Development Agreement.  During the term of the Master Development Agreement, if you are in 
compliance with the development schedule and other terms of the Master Development 
Agreement, Great Clips agrees that it will not operate or grant another person the right to operate 
a GREAT CLIPS® salon at any location within the Exclusive DMA. 
 
Great Clips and its affiliates have the right to establish company-owned or franchised GREAT 
CLIPS® salons at any locations they choose outside the Protected Area of the Salon or the 
Exclusive DMA, or at a Non-Traditional Location inside the Protected Area, all as described 
above.  Great Clips and its affiliates may operate or franchise a business under a different 
trademark or name that sells goods and services similar to those offered by its franchisees and may 
engage in any other operation, haircare or otherwise, at any location, including the Protected Area 
and to any customer.  These activities may compete with you. 
 
Great Clips and its affiliates, directly or indirectly through one or more third parties (for example, 
Amazon), may market, distribute and sell products, apparel or other items, including haircare 
products with the GREAT CLIPS® trademarks, service marks, trade names and other symbols, 
through alternative channels of distribution at any location or over the Internet and to any customer 
without obligation to its franchisees.  These activities may compete with you.  
 
Item 13 
 
TRADEMARKS 
 
Great Clips grants you the right to operate the Salon under the name GREAT CLIPS®, a federally 
registered trademark.  You must also use other trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress 
and commercial symbols (collectively “Marks”) that Great Clips develops or requires to identify 
and promote your Salon and its products and services.  Great Clips has registered the following 
Marks on the Principal Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO): 
 
Trademark 
Registration No. 
Registration Date 
Country 
BE ONE OF THE GREATS 
7,543,234 
10/22/2024 
United States 
CLIP NOTES 
4380273 
8/6/2013 
United States 
CLIPS OF KINDNESS 
4755647 
6/16/2015 
United States 
