GREAT CLIPS® 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
This Master Development Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made by and between Great 
Clips, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (“Great Clips”) and  
(“Franchisee”), in consideration of the covenants and agreements set forth below. 
1.
Grant of Development Rights. Great Clips hereby grants to Franchisee, subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the right to establish and operate GREAT CLIPS® 
franchises to be located within the  
Designated Market Area 
(the “Exclusive DMA”).  The Exclusive DMA is comprised of the following counties: 
. 
The Initial Market Unit Potential (“IMUP”) for this Exclusive DMA is 
units. 
All terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Franchise Agreement. 
1.1 
While this Agreement is in effect and as long as (i) Franchisee is not in default of 
this Agreement or any GREAT CLIPS® Franchise Agreement, and (ii) Franchisee is not restricted 
from expansion under the terms of Great Clips’ policies, Great Clips will grant Franchisee a 
conditional exclusive right to develop GREAT CLIPS® salons within the Exclusive DMA. Except 
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, during the term of this Agreement, and for as long as the 
above conditions are met, Great Clips will not establish or operate, nor grant a franchise to any 
person other than Franchisee to establish or operate, a GREAT CLIPS® salon at any location within 
the Exclusive DMA. This right of exclusivity is limited by, and subject to, the Protected Area set 
forth in a Franchise Agreement for a GREAT CLIPS® salon which is located outside of the 
geographical boundaries of the Exclusive DMA, but which has a Protected Area which extends 
into the Exclusive DMA. 
1.2 
This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement. Each salon established by 
Franchisee will be subject to and governed by a separate Franchise Agreement executed by Great 
Clips and Franchisee. Franchisee will apply and must qualify to be awarded the then-current 
GREAT CLIPS® Franchise Agreement (hereinafter the “Franchise Agreement”), to operate each 
salon within the Exclusive DMA. Qualification for and approval of applications for Franchise 
Agreements is a process entirely separate from this Agreement. Franchisee must meet all Great 
Clips’ expansion policy guidelines and qualification criteria required of any GREAT CLIPS® 
Franchisee and must not be restricted from expansion for any reason at any time it applies for 
additional Franchise Agreements in the Exclusive DMA. Franchisee must apply and obtain Great 
Clips’ approval for every Franchise Agreement executed pursuant to this Agreement. Franchisee 
must have a signed lease attached to all unopened Franchise Agreements required in a given year, 
before they will be able to apply for additional Franchise Agreements. Franchisee must have a 
signed Franchise Agreement prior to the execution of a lease. 
1.3 
The form of Franchise Agreement for each salon will be the then-current form of 
Franchise Agreement offered by Great Clips at the time of Franchisee’s application for the 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
1 of 8
EXHIBIT H 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
