A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
3 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
2.9 
“Card Swipe” means the electronic capture of a Card’s magnetic stripe data or microprocessor chip by point of 
sale equipment or other electronic payment device at the time of Transaction, and the inclusion of that data with 
the electronic submission of the Transaction. 
2.10 
“Chargeback” means the procedure by which a Transaction (or disputed portion thereof) is disputed by a 
Cardholder or Card Issuer or returned to HPS by a Card Issuer, for any reason. 
2.11 
“Credit Voucher” means a document or Transaction executed by Merchant evidencing any refund or price 
adjustment relating to products or services to be credited to a Cardholder account. 
2.12 
“Debit Networks” means the Authorization networks utilized by Merchant for PIN debit Transactions. 
2.13 
“Discount” means the fee paid by Merchant to HPS expressed as a percentage of the Transaction amounts 
processed by HPS. 
2.14 
“EBT” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.14. 
2.15 
“EBT Transaction” means any retail sale of Products, from a Merchant for which the customer makes payment 
using an EBT Card presented to HPS for payment. 
2.16 
“EMV Card” refers to a form of smart payment card with technical standards originally created by Europay, 
MasterCard and Visa (EMV) embedded with a microprocessor chip containing encrypted Cardholder account 
information, which is readable by an EMV-enabled device. An EMV Card may be used by: (1) inserting it into a 
card reader that is integrated with a point of sale system; or (2) by tapping it against a point of sale device’s 
contactless reader. Visit http://www.emv-connection.com/ for more information on EMV. 
2.17 
“EMV Transaction” means the electronic acceptance of an EMV Card’s microprocessor chip data by point of sale 
equipment or other electronic payment device at the time of the Transaction, and the inclusion of that data with the 
electronic submission of the Transaction. 
2.18 
“HPS” means collectively Heartland Payment Systems, LLC, a registered Independent Sales Organization (ISO) 
of Member Sponsor Banks, and a subsidiary of Global Payments Inc. 
2.19 
“Imprint” means: 
(a) a physical impression of a Card on a Sales Draft manually obtained through the use of an imprinter; or
(b) the electronic equivalent obtained by swiping, inserting or tapping a Card using equipment and
electronically printing a Sales Draft.
2.20 
“Internet Merchant” means a Merchant that accepts Transactions electronically via the World Wide Web (www). 
2.21 
“Locations” means an entity that receives Authorization and settlement from or through Merchant pursuant to a 
contractual arrangement with Merchant; including Merchant-owned Locations and Locations owned by third parties 
for whom Merchant assumes complete responsibility, including but not limited to licensees, franchisees, jobbers, 
and dealers. 
2.22 
“Merchant” generally means the party identified as the recipient of this Agreement and its principals and owners 
and, as applicable each separate Location of Merchant. 
2.23 
“MCC” also known as “Merchant Category Code” is a 4 digit number used to describe the Merchant’s primary 
business. 
2.24 
“Member Sponsor Bank” is a bank that has obtained a membership with the Card Brands to allow a processor to 
access the Card Schemes. 
2.25 
“Merchant Servicer” means a Third Party Agent that: 
(a) is engaged by a Merchant;
(b) is not a Member of the Card Schemes;
(c) is not directly connected to VISANet;
(d) is party to the Authorization and/or clearing message; and
(e) has access to Cardholder data, or processes, stores, or transmits Transaction data.
