removal, relocation, or operation of the Dish.  Tenant shall remove the Dish at the expiration or 
earlier termination of the term of the Lease and return the building to its original condition. 
38.
CASUALTY.
If casualty renders the whole or any material portion of the Premises unfit for occupancy, rent and 
additional Rent shall be equitably abated from the date of casualty until the date that is the earlier 
of the date Tenant reopens for business or the date sixty (60) days after substantial completion of 
the repair and restoration by Landlord.  In the event that the repair and restoration by Landlord is 
not substantially completed within one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of the casualty, 
then Tenant may terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord and be relieved of all further 
obligations and responsibilities.   
39.
SURRENDER.
Upon expiration or termination of the Lease, in no event shall Tenant be required to remove any 
leasehold improvements, alterations or additions made by either Landlord or Tenant to the 
Premises.    
40.
ALTERATIONS.
Tenant may make nonstructural alterations to the Premises that cost less than $10,000 per year 
without the approval of Landlord. 
41.
LANDLORD’S WORK.
Landlord, at its cost, shall proceed with reasonable diligence to construct certain improvements at 
the Premises in accordance with the attached Exhibit ________ (“Landlord’s Work”) on or before 
the anticipated delivery date.  Landlord’s Work shall be undertaken and completed in a good and 
workmanlike manner and in accordance with governmental regulations and Tenant’s Plans.  
Landlord warrants that Landlord’s Work shall be free from defect in material and workmanship 
and shall not need replacement for a period of one (1) year from the delivery date. 
Landlord, at its cost, shall prepare and provide Tenant with a CAD drawing of the Premises within 
_____ days after the execution date of the Lease.  The CAD drawing provided by Landlord shall 
include the dimensions of Premises and existing electrical, hvac, plumbing and entrances. 
Tenant will prepare a space layout or floor plan based on the CAD drawing provided by Landlord 
(“Tenant’s Plans”).  Tenant’s Plans shall show dimensions and any other information needed to 
complete Landlord’s Work.  The information contained in Tenant’s Plans shall include, but not be 
limited to, a floor plan with a fixture layout, water and sanitary sewer lines, electric utility lines and 
outlets, HVAC distribution, ceiling materials, and lighting fixture location.   
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
12 of 13
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
LEASE ADDENDUM
