Salon X Store Service Agreement 
This Services Agreement (this “Agreement“) is effective on the date you electronically sign it 
(the “Effective Date“), is by and between Foundation Technologies, LLC (the “Foundation“) 
and you, a Great Clips, Inc. franchise (the “Franchisee“). 
This Agreement is delivered electronically. The Franchisee consents to using an electronic 
signature to sign this Agreement and understands that this is a legally binding agreement after 
Franchisee signs this Agreement electronically. By electronically signing the Agreement, the 
Franchisee also consents to entering into this Agreement in electronic form. The Franchisee 
acknowledges that her electronic signature will have the same legal force and effect as a 
handwritten signature. The Franchisee’s electronic signature, including date and time of signing 
will be stored electronically by the Foundation. 
PREAMBLE 
The Franchisee desires that Foundation provide the services described in this Agreement and 
consistent with the Salon X Initiative in relation to Hardware and Third-Party Software acquired 
through the Salon X Store.  “Salon X Initiative” is the initiative and direction given by Great 
Clips, Inc. that relates to in-salon technology use. This includes the point-of-sale system, 
networking, and other services that benefit the in-salon technology initiatives. This is a multi-
vendor initiative that includes Foundation. The “Salon X Store” means the ecommerce 
platform hosted and developed by Great Clips, Inc. and managed by Foundation, where in-
salon hardware and certain Third-Party Software is purchased or licensed and managed. The 
Salon X Store is located at https://salonxstore.greatclips.com. 
AGREEMENT 
The parties agree as follows: 
SERVICES 
Foundation agrees to provide to Franchisee the services (the “Services”) described below 
related to the technology delivered by the Foundation and used in its franchise operations 
which Franchisee has acquired (through lease or purchase) from the Foundation (“Hardware”): 
1.
Foundation Help Desk access; 
2.
Third-Party Software Implementation and configuration; 
3.
Third-Party Software maintenance and updates as recommended by Great Clips, Inc. 
in consultation with its vendors; 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com
