15 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Type of Fee1 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Franchisee Program Fee 
Varies by event, 
but ranges from 
$345 to $550 
per meeting or 
event 
When due 
Great Clips hosts a number of meetings and events each year for the 
benefit of its franchisees.  These programs include Convention, Zone 
Meetings, Institute, GM to Leader and various other programs.    
Insurance Coverage 
$1,500-$3,000 
per year 
Upon demand 
Insurance premiums are generally paid by you to your insurance 
carrier.  If you do not purchase the required insurance coverage 
referenced in the Franchise Agreement, and Great Clips purchases 
insurance on your behalf, you must reimburse Great Clips 
immediately.  These amounts only include property and public liability 
coverage.  Workers’ compensation and other discretionary insurance 
coverages vary too widely to be estimated. 
Software License and Support 
Fee 
Currently $250 
per month per 
salon 
$25 per 
telephone call 
Monthly, by the 
first day of each 
month 
As incurred 
This current fee is payable to Innovative Computer Software, Great 
Clips’ sole designated point-of-sale (POS) software supplier and is 
subject to change.  This fee is a continuing fee, is required, and includes 
the software license fee, upgrades, documentation, and toll-free 
software support help line during normal business hours.   
If you contact the software support help line during non-business 
hours, you will be charged a fee of $25 per telephone call payable to 
Innovative Computer Software.    
Network and Hardware 
Managed Services Fee 
$18.99 per 
month per salon 
Monthly, as billed 
This current fee is payable to Foundation Technologies, LLC, Great 
Clips’ sole designated network and hardware managed services 
provider and Apple Integrator (“The Foundation”) and is subject to 
change.  This fee is required, is a continuing fee, and includes the 
configuration, monitoring, and support of technology hardware 
purchased from The Foundation.  This includes ensuring the salon 
networks are configured in accordance with the current PCI guidelines. 
The frequency and amount of this fee, as well as the term covered by 
this fee, may change in the future. 
Mobile Device Management 
Licensing Fee 
$54 per year per 
iPad 
Monthly, as billed 
This current fee is payable to The Foundation and is subject to change. 
This fee is required, is a continuing fee, and includes the licensing for 
iPad management software to ensure salon iPads are securely and 
properly managed to meet current PCI guidelines. 
Management iPad 
Management Fee 
$24.96 per 
month per 
Management 
iPad 
Monthly, as billed 
Franchisees choosing to install Management iPads in their salons will 
incur this fee.  This fee is payable to The Foundation and is subject to 
change.  This fee is required, is a continuing fee, and includes the 
licensing for iPad management in a specific franchisee group within 
the mobile device management environment managed for Great Clips 
by The Foundation. 
Meraki MX68-CW Salon 
Router Maintenance Fee 
$312 per year 
per router 
Monthly, as billed 
This current fee is payable to The Foundation and is subject to change. 
This fee is a continuing fee after the first year and is required to manage 
salon routers to provide secure networks that meet current PCI 
guidelines.  The frequency and amount of this fee, as well as the term 
covered by this fee, may change in the future.  (This fee only applies if 
you purchase a Meraki MX68-CW salon router.) 
Lane 5000 Warranty and 
Support Program 
$59.76 per year 
per terminal 
Monthly, as billed 
This current fee is payable to The Foundation, who in turn pays this 
fee to Ingenico on behalf of the franchisee and is subject to change. 
The frequency and amount of this fee, as well as the term covered by 
this fee, may change in the future. Effective June 2026, the Ingenico 
Lane/5000 payment terminal will no longer be supported by the 
manufacturer. Franchisees may be required to pay a similar warranty 
and support program fee in connection with their use of a different 
payment terminal at their salons, as required by Great Clips.  
