A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
2 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
PLEASE READ SECTION 17 (“DISPUTE RESOLUTION”) CAREFULLY 
AS IT RELATES TO ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTIONS 
The following are the Terms & Conditions of the Merchant Processing Agreement (“Agreement”): 
 
 
1. Services 
 
1.1 
Merchant agrees that, during the Term of this Agreement, Heartland Payment Systems, LLC (“HPS®” or 
“Heartland”) shall be the exclusive provider of the types of services received hereunder, including for all electronic 
payments processing, for Merchant and each of its Locations, and it will not use the services of any bank, 
corporation, entity or any other person other than HPS for the processing of bankcard Transactions, unless 
otherwise approved by HPS. 
 
1.2 
Merchant acknowledges and agrees that HPS may provide payment processing services hereunder through the 
Card Schemes and contracts or subcontracts with third parties engaged in the business of processing and 
Authorization, and specifically authorizes such third parties, including the Card Schemes, to exercise all of the 
rights of HPS hereunder, including but not limited to, the rights under Section 4.18 to debit Merchant’s Account for 
all fees, costs, charges, and other liabilities. Upon request in writing by Merchant, HPS will identify the third parties 
involved in Merchant’s processing. 
 
1.3 
Merchant agrees that it: 
(a) shall comply with the Rules and this Agreement; 
(b) shall cause, to the extent applicable, each of its Locations and Third Party Agents to comply with the Rules 
and this Agreement; and 
(c) is responsible for any non-compliance by its Locations and/or Third Party Agents. 
 
 
2. Definitions 
 
2.1 
“ACH” means the Automated Clearing House service offered by the Federal Reserve. 
 
2.2 
“Agreement” means this Merchant Processing Agreement and the Merchant Application as may be amended from 
time to time and any product-specific addenda executed by the parties for additional services. It includes the 
application submitted and executed by the Merchant and HPS. 
 
2.3 
“Authorization” means the act of attempting to obtain an approval from the Card Issuer for an individual 
Transaction or an EBT Transaction. 
 
2.4 
“Card” means: 
(a) a valid credit, debit, charge or payment card in the form issued under license from a Card Scheme; or 
(b) any other valid credit, debit, charge or payment card accepted by Merchant under this Agreement with HPS. 
 
2.5 
“Cardholder” means the person or Card member whose name is embossed upon the face of the Card. 
 
2.6 
“Card Issuer” means the financial institution or company that has provided a Card to the Cardholder. 
 
2.7 
“Card-Not-Present Transaction” means any Transaction for which required data is not electronically captured by 
reading information encoded in or on the Card and includes without limitation mail order, telephone order and 
Internet Transactions. 
 
2.8 
“Card Schemes” used interchangeably with Card Brands means VISA U.S.A., Inc., VISA International, Inc., 
MasterCard International, Inc., Discover Financial Services, American Express Travel Related Services Company, 
Inc., PayPal® or any other payment network, as well as any other Card Issuer that provides Cards that are accepted 
by Merchant under this Agreement with HPS and, with respect to on-line debit Card Transactions the on-line Debit 
Networks. 
