Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, 
Washington, Virginia and Wisconsin. All other taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser. Any 
Canadian purchases do not include any duties, import fees, or taxes imposed; the purchaser is 
responsible. 
Late Payments 
Any late payments may incur a 15% fee after 30-days of non payment. 
Shipping 
If a delivery is attempted and failed by a shipping carrier, and at no fault of the carrier or 
Foundation, Foundation reserves the right to bill any additional freight charges incurred. 
Rentals 
Click here to read the Rental Agreement Terms and Conditions. [https://
salonxstore.greatclips.com/rental-terms/] 
Service Agreement 
Click here to read the Services Agreement that all transactions are bound by. [https://
salonxstore.greatclips.com/terms-and-conditions-2022/] 
iPad Recycling Program 
By agreeing to return an existing iPad for recycling, Foundation will be issuing you a store 
credit towards future purchases in the Salon X Store. Some restrictions apply. If the iPad 
returned is damaged, defective, or found otherwise to be in poor condition, we reserve the 
right to cancel the related store credit, or if the credit has already been redeemed, Foundation 
may charge your card on file relative to the amount of the credit that was used. Any credit 
issued must be used in whole, on amounts greater than the store credit, and cannot be used 
for any renewals. This credit will remain on your account and available on the Salon X Store for 
no longer than a five year term, and cannot be redeemed for cash, and is non-transferrable. 
The device to be recycled must arrive within 90-days from submitting this form, or from 
receiving the approved shipping labels, whichever is longer. If a device does not arrive within 
90-days, the credit shall be cancelled, and relative value charged to your card on file along with 
a $5 processing fee. Foundation may at any point adjust the credit amount, or these terms 
without notice. Foundation is not responsible for any data stored on any device recycled, and 
certifies that it will be securely erased as part of its recycling. By submitting the form for 
recycling, you willingly acknowledge that the iPad is in fair condition, you transfer all rights and 
ownership of it to Foundation, and to the above terms and conditions. 
For any questions, please contact the Foundation at 844-928-2336 or greatclips@fndtn.com 
These Terms and Conditions may change without notice. 
  
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com
