A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
13 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
• 
https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/public/mastercardcom/na/global-site/documents/mastercard- 
rules.pdf 
 
4.44 Merchant must meet requirements as defined by the Card Schemes. Information is available at: 
● 
www.visa.com 
● 
www.mastercard.com 
● 
www.discovernetwork.com 
● 
www.americanexpress.com/merchantopguide - For American Express OptBlue Program merchants only. 
● 
www.americanexpress.com - For American Express Direct merchants only. 
 
 
5. Debit Card Processing; EBT Services 
 
If Merchant elects to receive debit Card processing services, the following terms will apply: 
 
5.1 
Merchant understands and agrees that HPS and any bank which is a party to this Agreement (or to which this 
Agreement is assigned) is a sponsored affiliate or member of each Debit Network and HPS is a service provider for 
processing Merchant’s debit Card Transactions pursuant to the terms herein. 
 
5.2 
Until and unless otherwise authorized by HPS, Merchant agrees to utilize compliant and compatible 
equipment/PIN-pads or systems capable of processing all ACH debit Card Transactions as well as online-debit Card 
Transactions at its Locations. All HPS applications software residing on the equipment or systems is the sole 
property of HPS. Any software residing in Merchant owned or leased equipment or systems must be HPS 
compatible. 
 
Merchant’s placement of the equipment or system at its Locations shall constitute acceptance of all terms and 
conditions set forth in this section. Merchant understands and agrees that HPS has no responsibility whatsoever 
for inoperative equipment or systems (or software if applicable). 
 
In the case of inoperative terminal or system, Merchant shall consult Merchant’s warranty or equipment 
maintenance agreement as applicable. Merchant also acknowledges that all equipment/pin-pads or systems 
capable of processing all debit Card Transactions at its Locations must remain compliant with the data security 
requirements of Section 3 of this Agreement. 
 
5.3 
Merchant shall utilize HPS compatible equipment/pinpad or system to process all debit Card Transactions and 
to abide by all applicable Rules of the applicable debit Card on-line network selected by HPS. HPS has no 
responsibility or liability for any of the debit Card Networks. 
5.4 
Merchant agrees to indemnify and hold HPS harmless from any and all claims, actions, proceeding and other 
liability, which may arise pertaining to such debit Transactions. 
 
5.5 
Any claims Merchant may have regarding debit services may not be offset against bankcard sales. 
 
5.6 
Merchant assumes all responsibility for retention of paper copies of debit Card Transactions; pursuant to the 
appropriate debit Card Network Rules. 
 
5.7 
Within one (1) business day of the original Transaction, Merchant must balance each Location to the system for 
each business day that each Location is open. If Merchant determines that any Transaction(s) have been 
processed in error, Merchant will initiate the appropriate Transaction for adjustment. Merchant is responsible for 
all applicable adjustment fees assessed by the Card Schemes. 
 
5.8 
Merchant shall be responsible for all telephone message unit costs, if any, as they are incurred by Merchant for any 
of the services provided. 
 
5.9 
HPS will provide installation, training, service and support for all purchased and rented equipment provided by 
HPS. Equipment purchased and provided by a third party vendor should be supported and maintained by the 
vendor. 
 
5.10 
Merchant shall be responsible for the following debit related fees: 
(a) HPS Debit Fee (does not include Debit Network Fee); 
(b) Debit Network Set-up Fee; 
(c) Service & Regulatory Mandate Fee. 
