 
51 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Provision 
Section in Agreement 
Summary 
r. 
Non-competition covenants after 
the franchise is terminated, assigned 
or expires 
Section 20.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
You and your spouse must have no involvement in any way in any 
haircare or personal grooming business, beauty schools, barber 
schools, cosmetology schools, or any business selling hair products for 
one year after the termination, assignment or expiration of the 
Franchise Agreement anywhere within five miles of any GREAT 
CLIPS® salon. 
s. 
Modification of the agreement 
Section 22.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
There will be no modifications generally, but the Operations Manual, 
other manuals, various policies, fees for additional training, required 
purchases and services, and the Marks are subject to change. 
t. 
Integration / merger clause 
Section 22.2 of Franchise 
Agreement 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are binding.  Any other 
promises or representations outside the Franchise Agreement or this 
Disclosure Document are not authorized and are not binding or 
enforceable against Great Clips.  Subject to state law.  See state 
addenda. 
u. 
Dispute resolution by arbitration or 
mediation 
Sections 16.1-16.3 and 
16.5 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Section 11 of Master 
Development Agreement 
All disputes must be arbitrated in Minneapolis, Minnesota, subject to 
certain exceptions.  
 
All disputes must be arbitrated in Minneapolis, Minnesota, subject to 
certain exceptions.  
Subject to state law.  See State Addenda attached as Exhibit P. 
 
v. 
Choice of forum 
Section 16.5 of Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Section 11 of Master 
Development Agreement 
 
All legal proceedings must be held in Hennepin County, Minnesota. 
 
All legal proceedings must be held in Hennepin County, Minnesota. 
 
Subject to state law in certain states.  See State Addenda attached as 
Exhibit P. 
w. Choice of law 
Section 22.1 of Franchise 
Agreement 
The governing law will be the laws of the state in which the Authorized 
Location is located.  
Subject to state law in certain states.  See State Addenda attached as 
Exhibit P. 
 
Item 18 
 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
Great Clips does not currently use any public figure to promote its franchise but reserves the right 
to do so in the future.  
 
Item 19 
 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.  
 
