A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
1 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
Card Acceptance Policies | Procedures | Terms & Conditions 
Welcome to Heartland Payment Systems®
Thank you for selecting Heartland Payment Systems® as your payments processor and welcome 
to the Heartland family! 
We look forward to bringing you worry-free payments processing, processing your payments 
quickly, efficiently and accurately and providing full and honest disclosure with easy-to-read 
statements so you can focus on what really matters most: improving and growing your business. 
Heartland Payment Systems believes in fairness and transparency in credit and debit card 
processing. That’s why we developed and adhere to The Merchant Bill of Rights®, a public 
advocacy initiative that educates business owners about the complexities of card processing and 
managing the associated costs. 
The Merchant Bill of Rights calls for: 
1. The right to know the fee for every transaction and who’s charging it.
2. The right to know the markup on Visa®, MasterCard®, American Express® and Discover
Network® fee increases.
3. The right to know all Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover fee reductions.
4. The right to know all transaction middlemen.
5. The right to know all surcharges and bill-backs.
6. The right to a dedicated local service representative.
7. The right to encrypted card numbers and secure transactions.
8. The right to real-time fraud and transaction monitoring.
9. The right to reasonable equipment costs.
10. The right to live customer support 24/7/365.
To learn more, visit MerchantBillOfRights.com 
By using equipment or services by Heartland Payment Systems, you (the merchant) acknowledge 
you have reviewed and understand the policies, procedures, terms and conditions outlined in this 
document, and further agree the information you supplied to obtain such services is, and remains, 
accurate. 
