A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
14 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
5.11 
Debit Transactions are governed by network regulations as well as federal and state laws and regulations, including 
but not limited to the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, and Regulation E, pursuant to which consumers may have up 
to sixty (60) days to dispute a Transaction. Merchant shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws 
and regulations. 
 
5.12 
Non-Request for PIN Disclosure Procedures. Merchant agrees to ensure that no employee or agent requests a 
Cardholder to divulge their PIN number. 
 
5.13 
Prevention of PIN Entry Observation. Merchant agrees to undertake commercially reasonable actions to prevent 
others from observing the entered PIN number. Some prevention examples could be, but not limited to: 
(a) Placement of security cameras in relation to PIN Entry Device (PED); 
(b) PED shielding; or 
(c) PED placement on POS counter. 
 
5.14 
EBT Transactions 
If Merchant elects to accept electronic benefit Transactions (“EBT”), the additional following terms and 
conditions will apply: 
 
5.14.1 EBT Services. 
Merchant will participate in, and HPS will provide access to, the programs for debit card access to 
electronically distributed government benefits as agreed to between the parties from time to time. ("EBT 
Programs"). Each EBT Program shall be treated as a "Network" for purposes of this Agreement and 
each EBT card issued for access to government benefits issued under such EBT Programs shall be 
treated as a "debit card" under this Agreement. 
 
5.14.2 Rights, Duties and Responsibilities of Merchant. 
(a) At all times during the term, including any renewal thereof, Merchant shall remain a participant in 
good standing in each EBT Program selected hereunder. 
(b) Merchant shall submit to HPS written requests to participate in each EBT Program as amended 
from time to time, for each Location where EBT will be offered. HPS must receive such EBT request 
a minimum of fourteen (14) days prior to the desired activation date. 
(c) Merchant shall notify HPS at least thirty (30) days prior to the termination or withdrawal of its 
participation in any such EBT Program, or if such participation is terminated involuntarily and 
without prior notice to Merchant, immediately following such notice. 
(d) Merchant shall pay to HPS all EBT related fees set forth in this Agreement. 
(e) Merchant will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, Rules, or administrative guidelines 
related to its participation in each EBT Program and acceptance of EBT Cards, including any 
Network Rules. Without limiting the foregoing, Merchant shall not resubmit any EBT Transactions 
except as specifically permitted by Rules related to such EBT Program. In addition, if Merchant 
accepts EBT under the Food Stamp Program, Merchant shall deploy and identify its equipment 
consistent with Department of Agriculture requirements. Merchant will not take any action that 
would cause HPS to be in violation of any law, regulation, rule or administrative guideline applicable 
to an EBT Program, including any Network Rules. 
(f) With respect to each EBT Program in which Merchant participates, Merchant shall comply with any 
obligations or duties imposed on merchants participating in such EBT Program under an agreement 
("Processor Agreement") between HPS and the administrator of the EBT Program ("EBT Provider") 
pursuant to which HPS is authorized to process Transactions for the EBT Program, and the EBT 
Provider shall have the right to directly enforce the terms and conditions of the Processor 
Agreement against Merchant in the event that Merchant breaches its obligations hereunder. 
(g) Merchant agrees that HPS may release information regarding Merchant's use of the EBT Program 
upon request by any federal or state agency, and that Merchant shall not have a claim or cause of 
action for such release of information. 
(h) Merchant will accept EBT Cards only for Transactions and purchases permitted under the 
applicable EBT Program. 
(i) Regardless of Merchant's standard operating procedure for handling refunds, it shall provide 
refunds with respect to EBT Transactions only in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, 
Rules, or administrative guidelines related to its participation in each EBT Program, including 
Network Rules. 
