Page 4 - Ver. 012425 
age system; (j) probe, scan, or test the remote data storage system or servers or networks 
connected to the remote data storage system for security vulnerability or to breach security or 
authentication measures without the express written authorization of ICS; (k) intentionally or 
unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations 
having the force of law; (l) "stalk" or otherwise harass another; (m) collect or store personal data 
about other users; (n) promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, pro- 
mote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to 
animals; (o) engage in commercial activities unrelated to your franchise operation. 
8. International Use. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all
local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply 
with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United 
States or the country in which you reside. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export data 
except as authorized by United States law. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold 
harmless ICS from any claim, action, liability, expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
costs) arising out of your violation of any laws, rules or regulations of the United States or any 
other jurisdiction related to the use, copying, displaying, distribution, export or import of computer 
software or data. 
9. Use of Location Data. ICS and its licensees and third party developers may provide certain
services through ICS Net Check-In that rely upon location information. To provide these services, 
where available, ICS and its licensees and third party developers may transmit, collect, maintain, 
process and use data including but not limited to location data. The location data collected by 
ICS may be used by ICS and its licensees and third party developers to provide and improve 
location-based products and services. By using any location-based services provided by or 
through Net Check-In, you agree and consent to ICS's and its licensees’ and third party 
developers’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing and use of location data to provide 
and improve such products and services. You may withdraw this consent at any time by not using 
the location-based features of ICS Net Check-In. Not using these location features will not 
impact the non- location-based functionality of ICS Net Check-In. When using third party 
applications or services relating to location data, you are subject to and should review such third 
party's terms and privacy policy on use of location data by such third party applications or 
services. Use of the Google Maps service is subject to the following additional terms: Google 
Maps Terms of Service available at https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps/ and Google 
Maps Legal Notices at https://maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps. 
10. Privacy and Personal Information, Customer Communication
10.1 
ICS Collection, Protection and Use of Personal Information ICS may collect and store 
personal information in order to provide you with the services you have requested. 
ICS 
uses 
physical, electronic and procedural controls common in the industry to protect any personal in- 
formation from unauthorized access and from unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. 
ICS also may collect and store non-personal data to provide, maintain and protect the software 
and services and to improve and develop new ones. In addition, ICS may use third party service 
providers to assist with the administration of the application or to perform services for you on 
our behalf. Third parties, such as, for example, Google Services and Amazon Web Services, may 
