Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
32 
(n)
Franchisee provides false financial statements, misrepresents information related
to Franchisee’s Gross Sales, or misrepresents any other financial information
provided to Great Clips; or
(o)
Any franchise agreement between Great Clips and Franchisee, or Great Clips and
one or more of Franchisee’s owner(s) or affiliate(s), is terminated for good cause.
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 17.1, Great Clips will give Franchisee 
written notice that this Agreement is terminated.  Unless a different notice period is set forth in the 
notice and/or required by applicable law, the effective date of termination of this Agreement will 
be the day written notice is given to Franchisee. 
17.2 
Termination upon Notice.  Great Clips will have the absolute right and privilege, 
unless expressly prohibited by applicable law, to terminate this Agreement, if:   
(a)
Franchisee directly or indirectly through its owner(s) or any affiliate(s), engages in
repeated and/or continuous breaches of any provision of this Agreement or any
other agreement with Great Clips for a GREAT CLIPS® salon;
(b)
Franchisee, directly or indirectly through its owner(s) or any affiliates, commits a
material breach of this Agreement, or any other franchise agreement with Great
Clips for a GREAT CLIPS® Salon, which Great Clips determines cannot be cured
due to the nature of the breach; or
(c)
This Agreement is executed in connection with an incentive program offered by
Great Clips and Franchisee fails to satisfy the terms and requirements of the
incentive program.
If the Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 17.2, Great Clips will give Franchisee 
written notice that this Agreement will be terminated effective 30 days from the date of the notice, 
unless a different notice period is set forth in the notice and/or required by applicable law.  If the 
Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 17.2, Franchisee will not have an opportunity to 
cure any asserted failure or breach, unless applicable law expressly requires an opportunity to cure 
in connection with such a basis for termination. 
17.3  Grounds for Termination.  Either party may terminate this Agreement for “good 
cause.”  Good cause for termination by the Franchisee is defined as a material breach by Great 
Clips of this Agreement.  Good cause for termination by Great Clips is defined as a material breach 
by Franchisee (directly or indirectly through its owner(s) or any affiliates) of this Agreement or 
any other franchise agreement with Great Clips for a GREAT CLIPS® salon. Good cause for 
termination of this Agreement by Great Clips also includes, without limitation:  
(a)
Franchisee’s failure to comply with the System and standards of uniformity and
quality established by Great Clips, including, without limitation, facility standards
and technology standards;
(b)
Franchisee’s failure to make, when due, any payment pursuant to any Franchise
Agreement, promissory note, other contract or other obligation payable by
Franchisee to Great Clips;
