Foundation Technologies Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC, or any parent, affiliate or 
subsidiary of Foundation Technologies Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC, and hereby 
agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless (or cause Great Clips, Inc. to provide indemnity) for 
any claim or action based on or arising out of any of the infringement or alleged infringement 
of any patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of any other party by the 
Equipment or the Software. 
• Credit Information. You authorize us to obtain credit information and to obtain credit bureau 
reports and make other credit inquiries that we determine are necessary. 
• Compliance. Each party will adhere to all laws, rules, and regulations (including without 
limitation Export Control Laws and Personal Data Protection Laws) applicable to the Rental, 
provided that it is hereby agreed that we are not a processor of Your Data. 
• Unauthorized Use. Each party agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent 
Unauthorized Use of the Equipment, and terminate any Unauthorized Use when discovered. 
Each party will promptly notify the other of any actual or suspected Unauthorized Use of, or 
access to, the Equipment of which it becomes aware. 
• Restrictions on Use. Unless we specifically agree in writing, you will not use the Equipment 
for High Risk Activities. 
• Delivery and Shipping. Costs of shipment are not included in the Rental Rate, and you will 
be responsible any applicable duties, taxes, tariffs or other applicable import or export fees. 
We will make reasonable commercial efforts to ship the Equipment to you on a timely basis, 
but you agree that we are not responsible for any delays in shipping. 
• Your Data. You are solely responsible for the development, content, use and storage of Your 
Data. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, you are solely responsible for 
compliance of Your Data with all laws and regulations. We have no obligation to maintain, store 
or return any of Your Data. 
• End Users. You agree that it is your responsibility to ensure that the Equipment you rent is 
used in compliance with this Agreement and applicable laws and regulations. You further agree 
that you will terminate any End User’s access to the Equipment if you become aware of any 
violations of this Agreement or applicable laws or regulations. 
Default. You will be in default if any of the following occurs (each of the following is a 
“Default”): (i) you do not pay us as agreed and do not cure such breach within five (5) days’ 
written notice of the delay; (ii) your credit card becomes invalid or a charge against it is refused; 
(iii) you fail to perform any other material obligation under this Agreement; (iv) except as 
permitted under this Agreement, you assign, pledge, sub-lease, or allow another party to use 
the Equipment or attempt to do so without our prior written authorization; (v) your financial 
condition materially changes to the point where it causes us to be insecure about your 
willingness or ability to perform your obligations under the Rental or any other agreement with 
us; (vi) the Equipment becomes subject to a Lien; (vii) you are unable to pay debts when they 
become due, stop doing business as a going concern, merge, sell or transfer all or substantially 
all of your assets, make an assignment for the benefit or creditors, appoint a trustee or receiver 
or undergo a substantial deterioration of financial health; (viii) you fail to assume this Rental 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com  
