Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
40 
22.7. Adaptations and Variances.  Complete and detailed uniformity under many 
varying conditions may not always be possible, practical, or in the best interests of the System.  
Accordingly, Great Clips has the right to vary the standards, specifications, and requirements for 
any salon or franchisee based upon the customs or circumstances of a particular operating 
agreement, site or location, population density, business potential, trade area population, 
importance to the operation of such salon, franchisee’s business or the System.  Great Clips is not 
required to grant to Franchisee a like or other variation as a result of any variation from standard 
specifications or requirements granted to any other franchisee.   
22.8 
Ethical Conduct.  Franchisee will adhere to good business practices, observing 
high standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical business conduct and good faith in all 
business dealings with customers, employees, vendors, Great Clips corporate employees, and all 
other GREAT CLIPS® franchisees. Franchisee will not engage in deceptive, misleading or 
unethical practices or conduct which may have a negative impact on the reputation and goodwill 
of Great Clips or any other franchisee operating under the Great Clips System. 
22.9  Form of Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges that other GREAT CLIPS® salons 
may operate under different forms of agreement with Great Clips, and that the rights and 
obligations of parties to other agreements may differ from those hereunder.   
22.10 Parties Affected.  This Agreement binds the parties and their respective executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns.  No person may acquire from Franchisee any interest in 
this Agreement except in accordance with Section 15.  If Franchisee consists of more than one 
person, all are jointly and severally liable hereunder.  Franchisee and each of Franchisee’s 
shareholders must sign the Guaranty of this Agreement attached hereto or otherwise provided by 
Great Clips. 
22.11 Survival. The rights and obligations hereunder, which expressly or by implication 
are to be performed in whole or in part after termination, expiration, or assignment of this 
Agreement, shall survive any termination, expiration, or assignment. This includes, but is not 
limited to, Sections 13.4, 16, 18, 20.1, 20.2, and 22. 
22.12 Headings and Counterparts.  The headings in this Agreement are for convenience 
only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and will not be deemed to limit or affect any of 
the provisions of this Agreement.  The use of the term “including” in this Agreement shall mean 
“including without limitation”.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument.  
