 
Great Clips, Inc.  
 
 
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
8 
 
Advertising Contribution is non-refundable and should not be expected to be used to advertise the 
Franchisee’s individual location.  Great Clips has the sole and absolute right, within its own 
assessment of the general best interests of the GREAT CLIPS® System, to determine expenditures 
of funds collected into the MDAF. 
 
5.8 
Training Fee.  Franchisee will pay an annual Training Fee which is currently $200 
per year for each salon that Franchisee has open.  The Training Fee is payable via electronic funds 
transfer each year (typically in April) and covers Great Clips Academy, Great Clips University 
courses and resources, LEADS and other additional training for Franchisee and Franchisee’s key 
personnel, as such programs are more fully described in Section 6 below.  Great Clips may alter 
the amount, timing for payment, and use of the Training Fee in its sole determination. 
 
 
5.9 
Recruiting Technology Fee.  Franchisee will pay to Great Clips a Recruiting 
Technology Fee (the “RTF”) in the amount of $750 per salon per year.  Franchisee will remit 
payment for the RTF via electronic funds transfer annually in two installments (typically one in 
May and one in November each year).  The RTF is used to provide a variety of recruitment 
marketing resources to Franchisees for use with Franchisee’s recruitment efforts (the “Recruitment 
Marketing Tools”).  Franchisees are not required to use the Recruitment Marketing Tools. 
Franchisees must pay the RTF regardless of whether (or how much) they use the Recruitment 
Marketing Tools. Great Clips may alter the amount, timing for payment, and use of the RTF in its 
sole determination. 
 
5.10 
Payment.  All 
Continuing 
Franchise Fees 
and Continuing 
Advertising 
Contributions will be calculated and paid biweekly and are due and payable and must be received 
by Great Clips by the Friday following the end of each biweekly period.  For purposes of this 
Agreement, a “week” is a seven-day period, and a “biweekly” period is a 14-day period, ending 
on Friday, or such other day, as designated periodically by Great Clips.  Great Clips will apply 
Franchisee’s payments to Franchisee’s outstanding accounts in any manner Great Clips reasonably 
deems appropriate, regardless of any instructions provided by Franchisee.  Franchisee will timely 
pay all Continuing Franchise Fees and Continuing Advertising Contributions and will not have the 
right to offset these amounts regardless of any claims or allegations of liability for damages or 
other payments that Franchisee may allege against Great Clips.  
 
 
5.11 
Pre-Authorized Bank Debits.  Franchisee is required to execute such documents, 
as Great Clips may request, authorizing and directing Franchisee’s bank or financial institution to 
pay and deposit directly to Great Clips’ account, and to charge the account of the Franchisee, the 
amount of Continuing Franchise Fees, Continuing Advertising Contributions, the RTF, the 
Training Fee as well as all other fees payable by the Franchisee to (or collected from Franchisee 
by) Great Clips pursuant to this Agreement.  Payments for the Continuing Franchise Fees and 
Continuing Advertising Fees are due before the close of business on Friday following the end of 
each biweekly period, while payment for the Training Fee is due annually in April and the RTF is 
due semi-annually (on precise dates to be communicated each year).  If Franchisee is selling the 
Salon and leaving the System, Franchisee must pay all fees payable to Great Clips on a weekly 
basis via pre-authorized bank debits.  Franchisee will, at all times during the term of this 
Agreement, maintain a balance in its bank account sufficient to allow the appropriate amount to 
