 
 
Assignor agrees to countersign, along with Assignee, any renewal if required by the Landlord. 
 
 
3.   
Representations.  Assignor represents that (a) it is not in default under the Lease, 
and (b) the Lease constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and tenant with respect to the 
Premises and that there exist no other understandings and agreements in connection herewith.   
Assignee acknowledges that it has read a copy of the Lease, has had the opportunity to review the 
Lease with counsel of its choice and has not relied upon any oral or written promises, 
representations or assurances in regard to the Lease by Assignor, its employees or agents. 
 
  
4.  
Condition of the Premises.  Assignee accepts the Premises "as is” except as may be 
expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 
 
5. 
Security Deposit.  In the event that a security deposit is owed under the Lease, 
Assignee shall be responsible for the payment of the entire security deposit.  At the discretion of 
Assignor, Assignee shall either pay Landlord directly or shall reimburse Assignor for the entire 
security deposit immediately upon written request from Assignor. 
 
 
6   
Further Assignment.  Assignee shall not assign or sublease its interest as tenant 
under the Lease without the written permission and consent of Assignor, which consent shall not 
be unreasonably withheld.  In the event of such assignment or subleasing, the Assignee, the 
principal owners of Assignee or any guarantors of Assignee shall not be released from liability 
hereunder. 
 
 
7.   
Joint and Several Obligations.  If the Assignee is more than one individual or entity, 
the obligations under this Agreement shall be joint and several. 
 
 
8.   
Liability of Principal Owners.  If the Assignee is a corporation or limited liability 
company, Exhibit A – Liability of Principals should be executed and attached hereto by each 
principal owner of Assignee; and is incorporated herein by reference.  In addition, each principal 
owner of Assignee shall execute a separate written guaranty of the Lease as requested by Landlord.  
 
 
9. 
Franchisor Rights of Great Clips.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, Assignee agrees that the rights available to Assignor under the Lease 
as franchisor of Assignee shall continue in force and effect as rights of Assignor.     
 
 
10.   
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains all prior negotiations and 
understandings between the parties and constitutes their entire agreement, which may only be 
modified in writing executed by the parties. 
 
 
11.  
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be governed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Minnesota applicable to contracts made and performed in Minnesota.  
The parties submit and consent to personal jurisdiction of the state court of Minnesota and the 
federal courts located in Minnesota for the enforcement of this Agreement and waive any and all 
personal rights under the laws of any state or the United States of America to object to jurisdiction 
in Minnesota.    
 
 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
2 of 4
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE
