Franchise Agreement, except that the Initial Franchise Fee will be in the amount set forth in this 
Agreement. Upon the initial execution of this Agreement, Franchisee will execute and forward to 
Great Clips a separate Franchise Agreement, together with the Initial Franchise Fee, for the first 
salon to be developed by Franchisee under the Development Schedule.  
1.4 
This Agreement does not grant Franchisee any rights to grant subfranchises to 
others. Franchisee’s rights to use the GREAT CLIPS® Marks are limited and governed by the 
Franchise Agreements between Great Clips and Franchisee. 
2.
Development Fee. On the date this Agreement is executed by Franchisee,
Franchisee will pay to Great Clips a development fee of $4,000 times each unit in the IMUP as 
specified in Section 1 above (the “Development Fee”). The Development Fee is in addition to the 
Initial Franchise Fee, as described in Section 3 of this Agreement below. Upon acceptance by 
Great Clips of this Agreement, the Development Fee will not be refunded under any circumstances, 
including the failure of Franchisee to comply with the Development Schedule or to complete any 
of the other requirements or conditions of this Agreement. The Development Fee will not be 
applied toward other Initial Franchise Fees or Continuing Franchise Fees in the event this 
Agreement expires or is terminated, and Franchisee has not opened the number of salons required 
under the Development Schedule. 
3.
Initial Franchise Fee. This Agreement is in effect, and as long as Franchisee is not
restricted from expansion under the terms of Great Clips’ policies, Franchisee will pay an Initial 
Franchise Fee of $6,000 for each Franchise Agreement executed by Franchisee pursuant to this 
Agreement. Each Initial Franchise Fee shall be due and payable on the date Franchisee executes 
the Franchise Agreement and shall be completely refundable, without interest, upon cancellation 
of the Franchise Agreement, provided there is no fully executed lease associated with the Franchise 
Agreement. 
3.1 
Any Great Clips Market Development Advertising Fund (“Market Development 
Ad Fund”) contribution required by the Franchise Agreement for a location in the Exclusive DMA 
will be waived provided Franchisee has followed the approved grand opening advertising plan as 
determined and approved in writing by Great Clips in its sole and absolute judgment.  If Franchisee 
has not followed the approved grand opening advertising plan as determined by Great Clips, then 
in addition to the Initial Franchise Fee, the Market Development Ad Fund contribution required 
by the Franchise Agreement will be due and payable in full upon request. 
4.
Term of Agreement. The initial term of this Agreement will commence on the
date of execution by Great Clips (the “Effective Date”) and will be in effect for a term of 10 years 
from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated or extended as provided herein. 
5.
Renewal of Agreement. In the sole determination of Great Clips, Franchisee may
renew the rights to establish and operate additional salons in the Exclusive DMA on the conditions 
specified below for consecutive additional renewal terms of 10 years each from the date of 
expiration of the term. Unless renewed pursuant to these conditions, this Agreement and all 
development rights granted to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement shall expire and revert to 
Great Clips upon the expiration of this Agreement: 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
2 of 8
EXHIBIT H 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
