Foundation does not provide services relating to PCI or FACTA (or any international FACTA 
equivalents) compliance.  It is assumed that Great Clips, Inc., one of its other vendors or 
Franchisee is responsible for ensuring adherence to these requirements and contracting with 
appropriate third-parties to complete these certifications / compliance reviews. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
No party shall be liable or responsible to the other party, nor be deemed to have defaulted 
under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term 
of this Agreement (except for any obligations to make payments to the other party hereunder), 
when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from events outside of the 
party’s reasonable control (“Force Majeure Events”), including but not limited to: (a) acts of 
God; (b) flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics, epidemics or explosion; (c) war, invasion, hostilities 
(whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot, or other civil unrest; (d) 
government order or law; (e) actions, embargoes, or blockades in effect on or after the date of 
this Agreement; (f) action by any governmental authority; (g) national or regional emergency; 
(h) strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances; and (i) shortage of 
adequate power. The affected party shall resume performance under this Agreement as soon 
as reasonably practicable after the Force Majeure Event has been resolved or terminated. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
1.
Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing 
contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, 
joint venture or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship 
between them. Neither party shall be authorized to contract for or bind the other 
party in any manner whatsoever. 
2.
Notice. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other 
communications hereunder (each, a “Notice”) shall be in writing and addressed to 
the parties at the addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement (or to such 
other address that may be designated by the receiving party from time to time in 
accordance with this Section). All Notices shall be delivered by personal delivery, 
nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees pre-paid), facsimile or email 
(with confirmation of transmission) or certified or registered mail (in each case, return 
receipt requested, postage pre-paid). Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, a Notice is effective only (a) upon receipt by the receiving party; and (b) if 
the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section. 
3.
Audit Rights. At any time during the Term or for a three (3) year period after the end 
of the Term, the Foundation may at its own expense audit and copy from Franchisee 
books, records, and other documents (including computer files) as necessary to verify 
the audited Party’s adherence to (i) this Agreement, (ii) any other agreement between 
the Franchisee and the Foundation or Great Clips, Inc. or (iii) any agreement between 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com
