the Franchisee and Great Clips, Inc., Franchisee will cooperate with Foundation in 
conducting any such audit. The Foundation will keep all information obtained during 
any such audit confidential pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6 
(Confidentiality), except that the Foundation will be entitled to share with Great Clips, 
Inc. any information obtained by the Foundation in the course of the audit. 
4.
Entire Agreement; Order of Precedence. This Agreement, together with all Schedules 
and Exhibits and any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes 
the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the 
subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous 
understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject 
matter. In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement and those of any Schedule or Exhibit, then the terms of this Agreement 
shall control unless expressly set forth otherwise in the applicable Schedule or 
Exhibit. 
5.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, 
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or 
equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of 
this Agreement. 
6.
Severability. No invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any provision herein in any 
jurisdiction, shall affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or 
render such provision unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. If any provision is 
determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate 
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to affect the original intent of the 
parties as closely as possible. 
7.
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Minnesota without 
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the 
application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 
8.
Equitable Relief; Cumulative Remedies. Each party acknowledges that a breach of 
Intellectual Property Rights; Ownership or Confidentiality may cause the non-
breaching party irreparable damages, for which an award of damages would not be 
adequate compensation. In the event of such breach or threatened breach, the non-
breaching party will be entitled to seek equitable relief. Except as expressly set forth 
in this Agreement, the right and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and 
in addition to any other rights or remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise. 
9.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the 
same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by means of electronic 
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original 
signed copy of this Agreement. 
10.
Amendments. The Foundation may modify the terms and conditions relating to the 
provision of its Services as described in this Agreement upon prior written notice to 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com
