obligation within 60 days of the filing of any petition for protection under the United States 
Bankruptcy Code (each of the foregoing is a “Default”); or (ix) you cease to be a Franchisee. 
Remedies. If a Default occurs, we may at our option do one or more of the following: (i) we 
may bring a claim against you for all past due payments and other charges and all payments 
due in the future to the end of the Rental Term, plus our legal and collection costs, as further 
described in this Agreement; (ii) we may, without notice, cancel or terminate all of your rights, 
but not your obligations, associated with the Rental; (iii) by notice in writing to you, we may, at 
our option, accelerate and declare all Rental Payments immediately due and payable, and 
charge these amounts against your credit card; ; and/or (iv) we may exercise any remedy at law 
or equity, notice thereof being expressly waived by you. We may sell, rent, or otherwise 
dispose of the Equipment in a commercially reasonable manner, with or without notice, at a 
public or private sale and apply the net proceeds to the amount you owe us. If the net 
proceeds do not pay us everything you owe us, you are liable for the difference. In the event 
that the Equipment is not returned to us by the end of the Rental Term, you hereby authorize 
us to charge your credit card for an additional rental period(s) until the Equipment is returned. 
If the Equipment is lost, damaged or not returned in good working condition within thirty (30) 
days of the end of the Rental Term, we may charge your credit card for the purchase price of 
the Equipment, which shall not be offset by any Rental Payments you have made. 
Maintenance and Support. 
Hardware Services. If during the Rental Term, you submit a valid claim by notifying us that a 
defect in materials and workmanship has arisen in the Equipment that causes it not to perform 
in accordance with the manufacturer’s warranty, we will either: (i) repair the defect at no charge, 
using new parts or parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) 
exchange the Equipment with a replacement product that is new or equivalent to new in 
performance and reliability. Exclusions apply as described below. 
• ADH Service. If during the Rental Term you submit a valid claim by notifying us that the 
Equipment has failed due to ADH, we will, subject to your payment of the service fee 
described below if the second occurrence, either (i) repair the defect using new or refurbished 
parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) exchange the Equipment 
with a replacement product that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability. 
Each time you receive services for ADH is a “Service Event”. Exclusions apply as described 
below. Further, services for ADH expire and all of our obligations to you under this section are 
fulfilled in their entirety once we have provided to you one (1) Service Event. 
• ADH Service Fees. The following service fees may apply to a second Service Event: US$149. 
Fees do not include applicable taxes payable by you. If a third Service Event occurs, you must 
purchase the Equipment at its original purchase cost. You hereby authorize us to charge your 
credit card for the price of purchase. 
• Service Exclusions. We will not provide Hardware Services or ADH Services in the following 
circumstances: (a) to protect against normal wear and tear, or to repair cosmetic damage not 
affecting the functionality of the Equipment; (b) to conduct preventative maintenance; (c) to 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com  
