 
ARTICLE 12 
GREAT CLIPS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
12.1 
This Sublease shall be subject to the provisions of Sublessee’s Great Clips Franchise 
Agreement, to the same extent as if the provisions thereof were fully set forth herein, with 
respect to the operation of the Subleased Premises and Sublessor’s and Sublessee’s rights and 
obligations in the event of the termination, expiration or non-renewal of said Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 13 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
13.1 
Merger.  This Sublease constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior negotiations, understandings or writings between 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Sublessee acknowledges that they have read 
the Prime Lease and reviewed it with counsel of their choice and have not relied upon any oral or 
written promises, representations or assurances in regard to the Prime Lease by Sublessor, its 
employees or agents. 
 
13.2 
Amendments.  This Sublease may be amended only by a writing signed by all of the 
parties hereto. 
 
13.3 
Assigns.  This Sublease shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon the successors 
and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.  The Sublessee may not assign any of its rights or 
delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Sublessor, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
13.4 
Applicable Law.  This Sublease shall be construed according to, and be governed by, the 
law of the State in which the Premises are situated. 
 
13.5  Remedies Cumulative; Waiver.  No failure or delay by either party to exercise any right, 
power or privilege provided hereunder or by applicable law shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor 
shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder, preclude any other 
or future exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  The remedies 
provided herein shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
 
13.6 
Severability.  Any provision of this Sublease prohibited by the laws of any jurisdiction 
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition, or modified to 
conform with such laws, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Sublease, and any 
such prohibition in one jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
13.7 
Headings.  The headings used herein are inserted for convenience only and shall not 
affect the construction or interpretation of this Sublease. 
 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
5 of 7
EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS 
SUBLEASE
