have the designated GREAT CLIPS® salons open, as determined by Franchisor in its sole 
determination, and in operation in the Exclusive DMA in accordance with the following schedule: 
6.1 
The salon opening requirements during the term of this Agreement are: 
6.2 
Great Clips, including its employees, representatives and agents, makes no 
assurances to Franchisee that suitable real estate will be available in the Exclusive DMA to 
open the number of salons required above. Franchisee should independently research the 
availability of real estate in the DMA prior to signing this Agreement. Franchisee alone is 
responsible for acquiring and gaining Great Clips’ consent to all sites developed under this 
Agreement. 
6.3 
In the event Franchisee opens the Total number of Salons required under the 
Development Schedule prior to the expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee may purchase 
additional Franchise Agreements for the Exclusive DMA for a total Initial Franchise Fee of 
$10,000 each, until the expiration of this Agreement. 
7.
Failure to Comply With Development Schedule. Franchisee’s failure to comply
with the Development Schedule specified in Section 6.1 above will constitute a material breach of 
this Agreement, and Great Clips, in its sole determination, may terminate this Agreement and all 
rights granted to Franchisee hereunder, effective immediately upon written notice to Franchisee. 
Immediately upon termination of this Agreement, Great Clips may, in its sole determination, 
establish or operate, or grant a franchise to another person other than Franchisee to establish or 
operate, GREAT CLIPS® salons at any locations within the Exclusive DMA and Franchisee will 
have no further exclusive rights in the Exclusive DMA and all rights and obligations under this 
Agreement will be completely terminated. . 
8.
Other Grounds for Termination. In addition to the right of termination set forth
in Section 7 for failure to comply with the Development Schedule, this Agreement may also be 
terminated by Great Clips if: 
By End of Year 
Number of Open Salons 
Cumulative Number of Open Salons 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
 (“Total”) 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
4 of 8
EXHIBIT H 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
