Great Clips, Inc.  
Franchise Agreement - 2025 
17 
9.9 
Customer Complaints.  Franchisee must promptly address all customer 
complaints.  All consumer complaints pending in a legal or administrative forum must be answered 
by Franchisee within the time period required by applicable law.  Franchisee must forward a copy 
of any consumer legal proceeding and Franchisee’s response to Great Clips within three days of 
the date that the response is forwarded to the consumer or the applicable legal authority.  
9.10 
Contact Information.   Throughout the term of this Agreement, Franchisee must 
notify Great Clips of any change to Franchisee’s home and business addresses, telephone numbers 
and email addresses.   
10.
TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY
10.1 
Salon Technology, Computer System, and Equipment.  Franchisee must install 
and use the electronic data processing and communications hardware and software, including voice 
mail systems, computers, salon technology systems, and network and hardware equipment as Great 
Clips may designate.  Franchisee agrees to maintain Internet access to the salon management 
system and to any other specified points of connection according to Great Clips’ standards and 
specifications.  Franchisee must obtain Great Clips’ proprietary point of sale (“POS”) software 
package and the hardware designated by Great Clips or the software supplier, which are subject to 
change periodically in Great Clips’ sole determination. Franchisee is required to promptly upgrade 
or change the required salon technology network, hardware, and software as directed by Great 
Clips. Great Clips reserves the right, in its sole determination, to apply such upgrades or changes 
automatically and without notice in the event that Franchisee fails to promptly take action to 
operate the Salon to required standards. Franchisee is required to obtain a software license for each 
Salon that comprises a suite of applications and services designed, developed and made available 
from Great Clips’ authorized supplier for such merchandise, which is currently Innovative 
Computer Software (“ICS”). Franchisee is required to obtain network and hardware licenses and 
warranties for each salon through the designated reseller, which is currently The Foundation, as 
directed by Great Clips. Franchisee has sole and complete responsibility for (i) the acquisition, 
operation, maintenance and upgrading of salon technology hardware, (ii) using any required 
vendors designated by Great Clips, (iii) the manner in which the system interfaces at the specified 
levels of Internet connection, and (iv) any and all consequences if the system is not properly 
operated, maintained and upgraded. Franchisee must maintain the Salon’s technology systems and 
hardware so as to provide Great Clips with independent, unimpeded, and complete access to all 
sales, financial, marketing, customer, productivity, management, and other business information 
and other operational data we specify (“Salon Data”).  All Salon Data, with the exception of 
employment records of Franchisee’s employees, is proprietary property owned by Great Clips, 
regardless of whether such information is stored in Franchisee’s computer system, by a third-party 
data warehousing service or in a secure remote or cloud environment, and as such, Great Clips, 
itself or through a third party vendor, may access and use any or all Salon Data for analytics or 
any other reason specified by Great Clips. During the term of this Franchise Agreement, Great 
Clips grants Franchisee a license to use the Salon Data consistent with the terms of this Agreement 
and any applicable policies issued by Great Clips, including the Customer Data Access Policy.  
Franchisee will implement changes in operational requirements or add additional technology tools 
when prescribed, even if additional investment or expenditures are required. It is Franchisee’s sole 
