A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
25 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
19.3 
Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of HPS and Merchant and supersedes all 
prior agreements, understandings, representations, and negotiations, whether oral or written between them. 
19.4 
No Waiver of Rights: Any failure of HPS to enforce any of the terms, conditions or covenants of this Agreement shall 
not constitute a waiver of any rights under this Agreement. 
19.5 
Section Headings: All section headings contained herein are for descriptive purposes only, and the language of 
such section shall control. 
19.6 
Assignability: Merchant may not assign this Agreement directly or by operation of law, without the prior written 
consent of HPS. Any assignment by Merchant without the prior written consent of HPS shall be void. HPS and 
Member Sponsor Bank may assign this Agreement without Merchant’s consent. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon the parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns. 
19.7 
Relationship of the Parties: Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create a partnership, joint venture or, 
except as expressly set forth herein, any agency relationship between HPS and Merchant. 
19.8 
Severability: If any term or provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the 
same shall not affect the other terms or provisions hereof or the whole of this Agreement, but such terms or 
provisions shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to render such term or provision enforceable, and the 
rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving to the fullest 
permissible extent the intent and agreements of the parties herein set forth. 
No part or portion of 17.1 (Mandatory Arbitration), Section 17.2 (Choice of Forum), or Section 17.3 (Class Action 
Waiver) shall be deemed so integral to either this Agreement as a whole, or to the remaining parts or portions 
of Sections 17.1 through 17.3 hereof, that the unenforceability of that part or portion should have any impact on 
or render the remainder unenforceable. 
19.9 
Choice of Law: HPS, Member Sponsor Bank, Merchant, and guarantor (if applicable) agree that any and all 
disputes or controversies of any nature whatsoever (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) arising out of, relating 
to, or in connection with (a) this Agreement, (b) the relationships which result from this Agreement, or 
(c) the validity, scope, interpretation, or enforceability of the choice of law and forum provisions of this
Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, notwithstanding any conflicts of laws rule;
provided, however, that the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) governs the interpretation and
enforcement of Section 17.1 when permitted.
19.10 
No Third Party Beneficiary: Under no circumstance, shall any third party be considered a third party beneficiary of 
Merchant’s rights or remedies under this Agreement or otherwise be entitled to any rights or remedies of Merchant 
under this Agreement. 
19.11 
Amendments: HPS may change the terms of or add new terms to this Agreement at any time and any such changes 
or new terms shall be effective when notice thereof is given by HPS either through written communication or on its 
Merchant website located at: https://infocentral.heartlandpaymentsystems.com. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, all fees, charges and/or discounts charged to Merchant hereunder may be changed immediately 
and without prior written notice to Merchant, provided that HPS will notify Merchant of any such changes promptly, 
either through written communication or on the Merchant website listed above. 
19.12 
Public Statements: Merchant shall obtain the prior written consent of HPS prior to making any written or oral 
public disclosure or announcement, whether in the form of a press release or otherwise, which directly or 
indirectly refers to HPS. 
19.13 
Financial Accommodation: This Agreement creates a contract for the extension of financial accommodations to 
Merchant within the meaning of Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. In the event Merchant becomes a debtor 
in bankruptcy, this Agreement cannot be assumed or enforced against HPS and HPS shall be excused from 
performance hereunder. 
19.14 
Electronic Signatures: Under the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign), this 
Agreement and all electronically executed documents related hereto are legally binding in the same manner as 
are hard copy documents executed by hand signature when (1) your electronic signature is associated with this 
