ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
This Addendum pertains to franchisees subject to Maryland statutes and regulations. 
Notwithstanding anything in the Master Development Agreement to the contrary, the Master 
Development Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
1.
Contrary to Section 13.5 of the Master Development Agreement, Section 14-216(c) (25)
of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure law permits a franchisee to bring a lawsuit
in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
Section 14-216(c) (25) of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law permits a
franchisee in Maryland to bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within three years after the grant of the franchise.
2.
Franchisee’s execution of a general release in favor of Great Clips pursuant to Seciotion 5 of the
Master Development Agreement will not act as a waiver to relieve Great Clips from liability under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3.
Any representations made in the Master Development Agreement are not intended to and
will not act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law.
4.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
FRANCHISEE: 
By: 
Date: 
Name: 
Its: 
Individually 
Individually 
FRANCHISOR: 
GREAT CLIPS, INC. 
By: 
Date: 
Its: 
