 
28 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
 
Great Clips may lease space in anticipation of assigning the lease or subletting the space to a 
franchisee.  Great Clips will pass on to the franchisee any out-of-pocket expenses that have been 
incurred.  If Great Clips is not released from liability under the lease after the assignment of the 
lease or sublease of the space to the franchisee, Great Clips will charge a $1,500 non-refundable 
lease liability fee to the franchisee.  If the lease liability fee is due to Great Clips, your equipment 
order will not be placed until the fee has been paid.  Great Clips reserves the right to change the 
amount or structure of this fee at any time and without notice.  
 
If you want to assign your Franchise Agreement to a qualified assignee and Great Clips has 
ongoing liability under your Salon lease, we will require the assignee to personally and corporately 
indemnify Great Clips before we will give our consent to the assignment of the Franchise 
Agreement.  We may also require that we receive a fully executed copy of an assignment of lease 
from you to the assignee. 
 
Great Clips reserves the right to pledge franchisee obligations to third parties to secure their 
obligations to such persons.  Great Clips may occasionally offer, in its sole determination, various 
incentive programs in connection with its franchise development activities, some of which may 
involve financing support to franchisees and free rent.  These programs, if offered, are subject to 
change or withdrawal without notice. 
 
Great Clips is registered on the Franchise Registry, a third-party resource listing where lenders, 
including those that participate in the Small Business Association’s (“SBA”) finance programs, 
can access certain financial and other information about franchisors relevant to lenders and their 
lending decisions.  GREAT CLIPS® franchisees who apply for SBA loans will receive the benefits 
of a streamlined loan process by virtue of our listing on the Franchise Registry and the Uniform 
Franchisor Addendum that must be signed in connection with an SBA loan.  A copy of the 
Franchisor Addendum is attached as Exhibit S.  For information regarding the Franchise Registry 
Program, please visit https://www.franchiseregistry.com/for_franchisors/.  You should not 
construe the presence of the GREAT CLIPS® franchise program on the Franchise Registry as an 
endorsement by the SBA or a guaranty you will be approved for a loan.  
Item 11 
 
FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND 
TRAINING 
 
Great Clips has the right to choose with whom it will do business and has no obligation to enter 
into additional or new Franchise Agreements or assignment agreements with any new or existing 
franchisees. 
 
