12 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Agreement for which there is a fully executed lease by the end of the 24-month term.  You must 
have a fully-executed lease for each of the Three Star Franchise Agreements within 24 months of 
the Effective Date of the Three Star Program Agreement.   
If you do not succeed in obtaining a fully-executed lease for all Three Star Franchise Agreements 
in the time frame required, then you will forfeit all Three Star Program benefits for any Three Star 
Franchise Agreement for which there is no corresponding lease.  The Three Star Program is 
available only in certain markets as determined by Great Clips in its sole determination.   
If you have fully-executed leases for two of the Three Star Franchise Agreements under the Three 
Star Program Agreement at the expiration of the 24-month period, at Great Clips’ sole 
determination you may be granted the right to convert the third Three Star Franchise Agreement 
to a single Franchise Agreement (the “Conversion Agreement”) at a discounted rate. The cost for 
the Conversion Agreement is $15,000, consisting of a $10,000 Initial Franchise Fee and a $5,000 
initial contribution to the MDAF.  You will pay the $10,000 Initial Franchise Fee at the time of 
the conversion and will pay $5,000 to the MDAF when you place the equipment order for the 
Salon.  
If you have less than two fully-executed leases at the expiration of the 24-month time frame, you 
may be permitted, at Great Clips’ sole determination, to convert each remaining Three Star 
Franchise Agreement, into a single unit Franchise Agreement, in which case you must promptly 
pay the then-current Initial Franchise Fee and MDAF for each agreement. The Partial Initial 
Franchise Fee as reflected in Great Clips’ then-current Franchise Agreement (currently, $10,000) 
will be required to be paid upon conversion and you must pay the balance of the Initial Franchise 
Fee (currently, another $10,000) and MDAF (currently $5,000) when the equipment is ordered for 
the Salon.   
The Three Star Program may not be used in conjunction with any other incentive program.  The 
terms and conditions of the Three Star Program are stated in the Three Star Program Agreement 
attached as Exhibit G. 
Deferral Program 
In certain situations, franchisees may qualify for the Deferral Program.  Under the Deferral 
Program, the Initial Franchise Fee is deferred (but not waived) if you open an additional salon (the 
“Deferral Salon”) that is located within the Protected Area or proximity right of first refusal area, 
if offered, of one of your existing salons (the “Original Salon”).  The Initial Franchise Fee 
($20,000, plus the Initial Advertising Contribution of $5,000 to the MDAF) is deferred until either 
the Deferral Salon or Original Salon are sold to separate buyers or ever relocate outside the 
Original Salon’s Protected Area or proximity right of first refusal area, or if the Original Salon 
closes.  A copy of the current Deferral Program Policy will be made available to you upon request. 
Expediter Program 
Under the Expediter Program, franchisees may qualify for a rebate of up to $20,000 to offset the 
actual payments you make to a third party to acquire a specific real estate location in which a new 
