 
30 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
required to pay any real estate commission whether or not the exclusive agent is utilized. 
(Franchise Agreement – Sections 8.1 and 8.2).  
 
Great Clips must consent to the site for your GREAT CLIPS® Salon.  Great Clips' consent to a 
site, salon plans or any other matter constitutes permission only and is not an endorsement or 
guarantee.  You are solely responsible for locating, obtaining and evaluating the suitability and 
prospects of your Salon location, layout and operations, and for the review and negotiation of your 
lease. Great Clips considers numerous factors in consenting to sites, examples include 
demographics (current and trends), site plan design and positioning in the shopping center, strength 
of anchor tenants and co-tenants, proposed lease terms, access into and out of the shopping center, 
parking, visibility of the site, traffic patterns, shopping patterns, other current or future available 
sites to choose from in the trade area, and the strategic importance of the site to the overall market, 
among other things.  If you are opening your Salon pursuant to a Master Development Agreement, 
Great Clips will consent to a location based on its then-current standards for sites and salon plans.  
 
Unless you are participating in the Three Star Program, there is no time limit for you to find a site.  
However, if you do not open your Salon within 24 months of the date of the Franchise Agreement, 
Great Clips will have the right, but not the obligation, to cancel the Franchise Agreement.  If the 
Franchise Agreement is your first Franchise Agreement or is part of an incentive program, the 
Initial Franchise Fee is non-refundable. (Franchise Agreement - Sections 5.2 and 5.3). 
 
Time to Open 
 
You must work diligently to open your Salon for business in a timely manner.  A typical length of 
time between signing the Franchise Agreement and opening your GREAT CLIPS® business is six 
to 24 months but could be longer in some markets.  Great Clips will have the right, but not the 
obligation, to cancel your Franchise Agreement if you do not open your Salon within 24 months 
from the signing of your Franchise Agreement.  The time required to open a new facility for 
business may vary depending upon the availability of financing, availability of licensed 
cosmetologists, the real estate market, weather conditions, your diligence in the real estate site 
sourcing, review and build-out process, complying with local ordinances, completing delivery and 
installation of equipment and signs, procuring opening inventory and attendance at and satisfactory 
completion of the GREAT CLIPS® QuickConnect Training program and other required training 
for new franchisees.   
Assistance during the Operation of the Business 
 
During the operation of the franchised business, Great Clips will: 
 
1) 
Provide the GREAT CLIPS® Online Resources for franchisees covering important aspects 
of the GREAT CLIPS® System.  You must utilize the Great Clips Email Online Resources 
for the purpose of communication with Great Clips. (Franchise Agreement - Sections 10.6 
and 10.7). 
 
2) 
Provide regular System communications and periodic meetings and seminars for the 
dissemination of new concepts, procedures, systems and other useful information.  You are 
responsible for registration fees, travel and expenses for you and your staff, and other out-
