A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
26 | Page 
                      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
 
Agreement and related documents, (2) you consent and intend to be bound by this Agreement and related 
documents, and (3) this Agreement is delivered in an electronic record capable of retention by the recipient at 
the time of receipt (i.e., print or otherwise store the electronic record). This Agreement and all related electronic 
documents shall be governed by the provisions of E-Sign. By pressing Submit, you agree (i) that this Agreement 
and related documents shall be effective by electronic means, (ii) to be bound by the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and related documents, (iii) that you have the ability to print or otherwise store this Agreement 
and related documents, and (iv) to authorize us to conduct an investigation of your credit history with various 
credit reporting and credit bureau agencies for the sole purpose of determining the approval of the applicant for 
merchant status or equipment leasing. This information is kept strictly confidential and will not be released. 
 
20. Optional Card Brand Fees 
 
CONVENIENCE FEE: A fee charged to the Cardholder by the Merchant for a true convenience for accepting a credit 
or debit card. Examples of a “true convenience” are payment through the internet, mail order or phone order. All Card 
Schemes allow merchants to charge a convenience fee. All Card Schemes must be charged equally. Merchant is 
required to disclose the fee to the Cardholder and provide the Cardholder with the opportunity to cancel the Transaction, 
if the Cardholder does not want to pay the convenience fee. In addition to the foregoing, (i) Visa requires merchants to 
have a brick and mortar location in order to be allowed to charge a convenience fee; (ii) MasterCard requires processors 
to register any government or education merchant. 
 
SURCHARGE: A charge in addition to the initial amount of the sale on a credit card to cover the Merchant’s cost of 
acceptance. All Card Schemes allow surcharging. Visa, MasterCard and Discover require merchants to register with 
the Card Schemes. The Merchant is required to disclose the fee at the entry of its establishment and at the point of 
sale. The Cardholder must be given the opportunity to cancel the Transaction if they do not want to pay the surcharge 
fee. The amount of the charge cannot exceed the amount of the Merchant’s discount fee on Visa, MasterCard and 
Discover and is capped at 4%. The surcharge must appear on the sales receipt separately from the sales amount. All 
Card Schemes must be charged equally. Currently there are several states that prohibit surcharging. Merchants should 
check their state and local laws prior to initiating a surcharge. 
 
SERVICE FEE: Visa allows government and education merchants to charge a different type of fee called a “service 
fee”. This fee is assessed for accepting payments for taxes, fees and fines for government MCCs and for tuition, room 
and board, lunch programs, etc. for education MCC merchants. The service fee can be charged on credit and debit 
Transactions, in a face-to-face or card not present environment. 
 
The service fee must appear separate from the sales amount on the receipt. Merchants must be registered through 
Visa. Service fee must be disclosed prior to completion of the transaction, allowing the Cardholder to cancel the 
Transaction if they do not wish to accept the service fee. MasterCard allows government and education merchants to 
charge “convenience fees” and has no separate “service fee” for these MCCs. 
OTHER FEES: Handling fees and payment fees are allowed on all Card Schemes as long as these fees are charged 
on all payment channels; cash, checks, ACH, etc. These are not governed by the Card Schemes specifically. State and 
local laws may apply and merchants should ensure the fees are allowed in their area of business. 
