10 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
Item 3 
LITIGATION 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
Item 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
Item 5 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Initial Franchise Fee for a Single Salon 
The Initial Franchise Fee is $20,000 for a single salon.  If you are signing your first Franchise 
Agreement with Great Clips, you will pay the $20,000 Initial Franchise Fee upon signing the 
Franchise Agreement.  For any subsequent Franchise Agreements that you sign, you will pay 
$10,000 of this amount (the “Partial Initial Franchise Fee”) upon signing the Franchise Agreement 
and the balance of $10,000 when you place the equipment order with Great Clips for the Salon.  
Great Clips will not accept an equipment order unless the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee has 
been paid.  You will typically place your equipment order after you have executed a lease for the 
Salon and the site has been made available to you for occupation.  The Initial Franchise Fee should 
not be financed.  Great Clips allocates portions of the Initial Franchise Fee to its working capital, 
to costs associated with performing its obligations to franchisees, and to corporate profits. 
There are several circumstances that may occur which could cause the Franchise Agreement that 
you sign to be canceled after you have paid the Initial Franchise Fee.  Great Clips will have the 
right, but not the obligation, to cancel the Franchise Agreement if: (a) you do not open your Salon 
within 24 months of the date Great Clips accepts the Franchise Agreement; (b) you do not complete 
the required training program to Great Clips’ satisfaction; (c) Great Clips determines that you are 
using the Franchise Agreement for speculative purposes.  If your first Franchise Agreement is 
canceled or terminated for any of these reasons, the Initial Franchise Fee is non-refundable. If the 
Franchise Agreement is cancelled, and it is not the first Franchise Agreement that Franchisee has 
entered into with Great Clips, and it is not part of an incentive program, Great Clips will refund 
the Partial Initial Franchise Fee, after deducting any amounts owed to Great Clips.   
In addition to the Initial Franchise Fee, you must pay a non-refundable $5,000 Initial Advertising 
Contribution to the Great Clips, Inc. Market Development Advertising Fund (“MDAF”).  If you 
are signing your first Franchise Agreement with Great Clips, you will pay the $5,000 Initial 
Advertising Contribution upon signing the Franchise Agreement.  For any subsequent Franchise 
Agreements that you sign, you will pay the Initial Advertising Contribution when you place your 
equipment order with Great Clips.  Great Clips will not accept an equipment order unless the Initial 
Advertising Contribution to the MDAF has been paid. 
