A Global Payments Company 
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved. 
9 | Page 
      Revised: 11/01/24 
Merchant Processing Agreement 
(f)
In any Card-Not-Present Transaction, as a material part of the consideration for HPS to enter into this
Agreement, Merchant accepts such Transactions solely at its own risk, and further assumes all risks of loss
attendant to non-imprint Card-Not-Present Transactions.
(g) Internet Merchant Website Requirements. Internet Merchant shall use the eCommerce Gateway solely for
Merchant’s internal business purposes and shall not allow any third party use of or access to the
eCommerce Gateway. An Internet Merchant agrees to adhere to those Rules governing electronic
commerce as well as HPS requirements as set forth herein; which include, but are not limited to ensuring
the following information is included or properly referenced on the Internet Merchant website:
(i)
contact information including: customer service telephone number, email and URL addresses, legal
name and permanent corporate address including the country of domicile which should be located on
the check-out screen, along with the final purchase amount or those pages accessed by a Cardholder
during the checkout process;
(ii) a complete description of the Products offered for sale and related prices, form of currency, as well as
how to complete a purchase and the point at which the purchase is complete;
(iii) include a method by which the Cardholder can affirmatively consent to the Transaction (i.e., an “order
now” or “purchase now” option);
(iv) provide clear disclosure of all material terms of the Transaction: (i.e., all sales are final, applicable
restocking fees, returns, etc.);
(v) shipping and delivery policies will be clearly and accurately stated;
1)
if providing age restricted products/services, Merchant shall clearly state the age restrictions on the
website and implement an age verification process;
(vi) refund and returned merchandise policies and terms of use;
(vii) Merchant’s privacy policy clearly and accurately in accordance with all applicable laws and the Rules,
including, but not limited to, the content, location and accessibility of its privacy policy;
(viii) security policy indicating that:
1) the transmission of payment and will adhere to the PCI DSS for storing and transmitting Cardholder
data;
2)
Merchant remains fully responsible and liable for the security of Transaction and personal data
submitted to and/or processed through your website or as may otherwise be in Merchant’s or its
agents or vendors’ control, including implementing fraud prevention measures as required by law
or industry regulation;
3)
Merchant will use Cardholder Data for the sole purpose of supporting payment for and delivery of
Merchant’s goods and services and consistent with Merchant’s privacy policy;
4)
Merchant will maintain the security of any and all passwords, ID number or other access control
methods to use the e-Commerce Payment Gateway; and
(ix) any other legal policies, including export control and terms of use.
4.15 
The following additional terms apply to Card-Not-Present Transactions: 
(a) Merchant shall use, and retain for not less than one year, proof of a traceable delivery system utilized for
the delivery of Products to customers.
(b) Merchant shall use an address verification service to verify each Transaction.
(c) Merchant must utilize if available through its gateway a Payer Authentication Program. This program
identifies the Cardholder by authenticating their personal PIN entry. Specific programs could include
Verified by VISA and MasterCard Secure Code.
(d) Except where Merchant has specified future delivery on the Application, a customer’s Card shall not be
debited until the Product purchased has been shipped.
(e) Upon request by HPS, Merchant shall provide copies of all advertisements, catalogues, brochures or other
materials used to solicit mail or telephone orders and any forms used in recording or transmitting orders.
4.16 
In all cases, unless stipulated otherwise in the Merchant Processing Agreement, the shipment of goods to a 
Cardholder will be no later than the business day following the date on which that Transaction was transmitted 
to HPS for processing. 
4.17 
Merchant agrees to electronically deposit Sales Drafts and Credit Vouchers no later than the day of the 
Transaction. The time of receipt by HPS will affect the timing of payment to Merchant. If Merchant fails to submit 
Transactions on a timely basis as provided herein, Merchant will be charged and agrees to pay the additional 
fees assessed to HPS by the Card Schemes. 
4.18 
Merchant shall at all times maintain a direct deposit Account (the “Account” or “DDA”) in good standing at a 
bank that is a Receiving Depository Financial Institution (RDFI) of the Federal Reserve Bank ACH System or 
other ACH settlement network. Merchant represents and warrants to HPS that: (a) the Account will always be 
