rights and other notices included on or in the Software. All Software is licensed, not sold, to 
you. Except for the rights expressly granted to you under this Agreement, all right, title and 
interest in all Software shall at all times remain the property of Foundation Technologies 
Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC and its licensors. Certain third party Software may 
be subject to the licensing conditions and restrictions of the software manufacturer or supplier, 
details of which shall be made available on request, if not already supplied at the time of 
delivery of the Equipment. 
Compensation 
Rental Charges You agree to pay us without condition all Rental Payments and any other 
amounts due, without any right to set-off. For each item of Equipment, we will charge your 
credit card in advance each month of the Term, commencing upon execution of this 
Agreement. 
Delivery. All prices are exclusive of any freight, handling and shipping insurance charges, fees 
and duties or other similar amounts. We may bill your credit card on file for any of these 
expenses that we incur. 
Taxes. Fees and other charges payable by you do not include your applicable taxes and duties. 
You agree to provide us with information that we need to determine whether we are obligated 
to collect taxes from you. 
Price Increases. Upon the provision of Upgrades or the commencement of any Renewal Term, 
we may increase the Rental Payment. All increases will be effective one hundred twenty (120) 
days after notice to you, unless you terminate this Agreement and return your Equipment 
before the effective date of the price increase. 
Responsibilities of the Parties. 
• Use and Risk of Loss. You agree that this is a commercial and business transaction. You 
warrant that the Equipment will be used only for business and not for personal, family or 
household purposes. You agree to operate and use the Equipment in accordance with the 
manufacturer’s instructions and recommendations. You are responsible for any loss, theft or 
destruction of, or damage to, the Equipment from any cause (a “Loss”) whether or not the 
Equipment is insured, except for any loss, theft or destruction to the extent caused directly or 
indirectly by our gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
• Indemnity. You agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless for all suits and other liabilities 
arising from your performance of your duties under this Agreement or related to your use of 
the Equipment. This indemnity will continue even after the Rental has ended. We agree to 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, you (including Great Clips, Inc.), for any claim or action 
based on or arising out of any of the infringement or alleged infringement of the Maintenance 
and Support (but not Equipment or Software) furnished under this Agreement of any patent, 
copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of any other party, except Great Clips, Inc. You 
agree that all Equipment and Software has been selected by you or Great Clips, Inc. and not 
greatclips@fndtn.com  ::  612.928.2336  ::  salonxstore.greatclips.com  
