parties that Process Personal Data on Franchisee's behalf. 
1.7. “Sensitive Personal Data" shall have the meaning(s) provided in the Data Privacy Laws, including 
any similar definitions provided therein. 
1.8. “Subprocessor'' means a subcontractor engaged by Franchisee or its affiliates to Process Personal 
Data as part of the performance of the Services. 
2.
Processing Under Instruction. Franchisee Processes GCI Personal Data on behalf of GCI and receives
from or collects on behalf of GCI Personal Data for the sole purpose of performing its obligations under
the Agreements and supporting the Relationship. Franchisee at all times Processes Personal Data solely
in accordance with Instructions from GCI. Franchisee will not Process Personal Data for any other
purpose unless: (i) as agreed in writing by the parties; or (ii) as required by applicable laws, including
Data Privacy Laws. GCI shall have the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that the
Franchisee is using Personal Data in a manner consistent with Franchisee's obligations under this
Addendum and Data Privacy Laws. Franchisee shall inform GCI without undue delay (and in no later
than five (5) business days) if Franchisee can no longer meet its obligations under this Addendum, or
if any Instructions to Franchisee violate any applicable laws, in which case the parties will work in
good faith to resolve any conflict between such Instructions and applicable laws or GCI may, upon
thirty (30) days' notice, take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized
Processing of Personal Data. The scope and subject matter of the Processing by Franchisee is set forth
in Exhibit B. The parties agree that where Franchisee processes Personal Data, it functions as a Service
Provider and a Processor under the Data Privacy Laws.
3.
Franchisee Obligations. Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available
to the Franchisee, the Franchisee shall assist, and shall ensure its Subprocessors assist, GCI by:
3.1. Complying with all applicable Data Privacy Laws, including the requirement to provide data 
subjects with a privacy notice and other disclosures; 
3.2. Taking reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures and other 
necessary assistance to support GCI’s obligation to respond to valid data subject requests, 
including complying, and making sure its Subprocessors comply, with GCI's direction to 
delete any Personal Data Processed under the Agreements, unless it is necessary to maintain 
such information in accordance with applicable law, in which case Franchisee shall promptly 
inform GCI of the exceptions relied upon under applicable law and Franchisee shall not use 
the Personal Data retained for any other purpose than provided for by that exception; 
3.3. Making available all information necessary to GCI to demonstrate compliance with Data 
Privacy Laws; 
3.4. Providing reasonable assistance to support GCI’s obligation to secure Personal Data and to 
comply with Data Privacy Laws; 
3.5. Providing necessary information to GCI to conduct relevant data privacy and security risk 
assessments; and 
3.6. If Franchisee receives Deidentified Information from GCI, or creates Deidentified Information 
at GCI’s Instruction, Franchisee will (a) take reasonable measures to ensure the Deidentified 
Information cannot be associated with a data subject or household, (b) publicly commit to 
maintain and use the Deidentified Information in deidentified form, and (c) not attempt to 
reidentify the Deidentified Information except for the sole purpose of determining whether 
the Franchisee’s deidentification processes satisfy the requirements of applicable Data Privacy 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025
2 of 6
EXHIBIT R 
DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM
