Great Clips, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
12 
Note 1. 
Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Income taxes: The Company is taxed as a C corporation. Income taxes are accounted for under the 
asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the tax 
basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and 
statutory tax rates applicable to the years in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount 
expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the income tax payable for the year 
and the change during the year in deferred income tax assets and liabilities. 
The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the 
relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions 
meeting the more likely than not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the 
largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the 
relevant taxing authority. 
Foreign currency exchange: The majority of the Company’s revenue, expense and capital purchasing 
activities are transacted in United States dollars; however, a portion of the Company’s operations consist 
of activities in Canada. In preparing the financial statements, the Company is required to translate the 
financial statements of its Canadian locations from the Canadian dollar in which they keep the accounting 
records into United States dollars, which is deemed to be the functional currency. The foreign currency-
denominated assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, while 
revenue and expense items are translated at exchange rates prevailing during the year. Gains or losses 
resulting from translation are recorded in comprehensive income within the statements of shareholders’ 
equity (deficit). 
Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the 
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from 
those estimates. 
Reclassification of certain accounts: Certain accounts on the December 31, 2022 balance sheet, have 
been reclassified, with no effect on net earnings, to be consistent with the classifications adopted for the 
year ended December 31, 2023. 
Subsequent events: The Company has evaluated events and transactions for potential recognition or 
disclosure through March 26, 2025, the date the financial statements were available for issuance. 
Note 2. 
North American Advertising Fund 
Restricted cash and other current assets of the Ad Fund consist of the following at December 31: 
2024
2023
2022
Restricted cash
20,560,695  
$    
22,010,356  
$    
22,956,814  
$    
Other current assets
12,505,167  
      
12,022,187  
      
9,454,678  
        
33,065,862  
$    
34,032,543  
$    
32,411,492  
$    
