 
36 
GREAT CLIPS® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2 
 
Internet/Email 
Great Clips requires its franchisees to maintain internet access at the speed Great Clips designates 
directly to the salon and to any other specified points of connection according to Great Clips’ 
standards and specifications for the purpose of communication with Great Clips.  Great Clips will 
provide you with a proprietary email address, mailbox and password for use in communicating 
with Great Clips (the “Great Clips Email”).  When using the Great Clips Email, you must adhere 
to rules and standards set forth by Great Clips related to such use.  You will be required to review 
your Great Clips Email at least once per business day and use reasonable efforts to respond to 
emails and telephone calls from Great Clips within 24 hours.  You will also be required to access 
and review the content on Great Clips’ Online Resources including that you must leverage GREAT 
CLIPS® University for System Standard training.  Your conduct on the Internet and on the email 
system is governed by the Franchise Agreement and applicable Great Clips Policies. You are 
required to keep confidential all passwords, access codes and identification codes provided by 
Great Clips to you and your staff. You are required at all times to comply with all email marketing, 
privacy and related laws.  Great Clips may add, change, or remove electronic communications 
platforms and associated rules of use in its sole determination. 
 
Manuals 
 
The following is a summary of the current Table of Contents of the Operations Manual: 
 
Section 
Subject 
Number of Pages 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
 
Our System 
Standards of Operations  
Licenses and Regulations 
Field Services 
Customer Service 
Management Best Practices 
Retention Tools and Resources 
Risk Management Best Practices 
Salon Operations 
21 
21 
5 
9 
16 
22 
17 
42 
29 
 
TOTAL:   182 
 
Training 
 
GREAT CLIPS® training is created to provide guidance to Franchisees, as well as the Franchisees’ 
managers and other key personnel (e.g., stylists) responsible for delivering the Brand Promise (i.e., 
“Great Clips® inspires confidence, so you feel comfortable”) to customers. Training is provided 
on GREAT CLIPS® System Standards and processes to ensure consistent, quality delivery of the 
GREAT CLIPS® brand and approved services to customers.  Great Clips provides System 
Standards training to you, your management staff, and other key personnel as described below.  
You must attend and complete all then-current training requirements described in the Operations 
Manual within the time frame established by Great Clips.  New franchisee Designated Operators 
must complete all current training requirements within 180 days of signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  There are currently no refresher courses required, but you may re-attend all or 
portions of the Great Clips training programs at no additional charge other than your travel and 
expenses.  We reserve the right to require any franchisee, including purchasers of an existing 
