 
 
24 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
6.7 
Late Fees 
You will pay the Late Fee in the amount of $50 if any payment-related report and/or any 
payment You must make to RYTECH is not reported or made to RYTECH within two days after 
the date the report and/or payment was due. RYTECH may increase the amount of the Late Fee 
by up to $25 per year upon notice to You. Late Fees are intended to partially compensate RYTECH 
for administrative costs caused by late reporting and/or payment, which would otherwise be 
difficult to measure precisely. The fact that such charges are imposed should not be construed as 
a waiver of RYTECH's right to timely payment. 
6.8 
EFT Payments 
(a) 
RYTECH may withdraw funds from Your designated bank account by EFT in the 
amount of the Royalty Fee and/or any other amounts due to RYTECH in accordance with this 
Agreement. For any other monetary obligation that You do not pay when due, RYTECH may 
withdraw the amount due and the Late Fee two Business Days after the amount became due in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. RYTECH may withdraw interest on any unpaid 
amount on a monthly basis or as otherwise provided in this Section 6.8(a). 
(b) 
Upon execution of this Agreement, You will execute a document in the form of 
Attachment 3 granting to RYTECH the authority to process EFTs from Your designated bank 
account. From time to time at RYTECH's request, You will execute any additional documents 
necessary to confirm or update this authority. You will be responsible for any EFT transfer fee or 
similar charge imposed by Your bank and for any service charges incurred by RYTECH and/or 
imposed by Your bank should any EFT not be honored by Your bank for any reason. 
6.9 
Application of Payments; No Right of Set-off 
RYTECH has the right to apply any payment it receives from You to any past due amount 
You owe to RYTECH or any of RYTECH's Related Parties or Affiliates, regardless of how You 
indicate the payment is to be applied. You may not, on grounds of alleged non-performance by 
RYTECH of its obligations under this Agreement, withhold payment of royalty fees and/or any 
other amounts due to RYTECH and/or its Affiliates. 
6.10 Non-Compliance Fee.   
You agree to pay RYTECH a non-compliance fee of $250 for each day that you fail to 
comply with any operational terms of this Franchise Agreement or the Operation Manual after a 
written warning is given.  This provision is not a condition precedent to default and termination 
as set forth below.   
6.11 Rytech Training Portal.  
  
You agree to pay RYTECH our then-current Rytech Training Portal fee, currently of $115 
per quarter for use the Rytech training portal.  
 
