 
 
 
 
 
 
 
unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, 
exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inﬂation). In 
addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per 
year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inﬂation). As a result, any provision 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conﬂicts with these limitations is 
void and unenforceable in Washington. 
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, 
restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a 
franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. 
As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are 
void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
16. Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or 
other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term 
of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise 
agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with 
or complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h). 
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is deﬁned as a person that engages in the business of 
the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a 
fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is 
working with a franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any 
information provided by the franchise broker about a franchise. 
 
The undersigned parties do hereby acknowledge receipt of this Addendum. 
 
Dated this  
 day of  
 20 
. 
 
 
Signature of Franchisor Representative 
Signature of Franchisee Representative 
 
Title of Franchisor Representative 
Title of Franchisee Representative 
