 
 
73 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
Attachment 2(b) 
CURRENT FEES CHARGED TO FRANCHISEE 
INCLUDING THIRD PARTY VENDORS AND TPAS 
(Subject to Change) 
Fees charged to 
Franchisee 
Rate 
Explanation 
Royalties  
Admin. 
National Ad Fund (NAF) 
8% of Gross Revenue  
11% of Gross Revenue  
1% of Gross Revenue 
  
Rytech Training Portal – 
Rytech U 
$115 per quarter 
Each Franchise will be charged $115.000 per quarter. 
The portal allows your franchise to leverage the vast library of IICRC 
training content as well as access to mandatory and customized 
training modules that are required by Rytech. The portal also allows a 
technician is able to satisfy his/her IICRC continuing education 
credits. 
TPA's 
Range from 5%‐11% 
$9.95 per transaction 
Alacrity‐only 
$10.25 per transaction  
Lionsbridge - only 
Your Franchise may choose to participate in Third Party 
Administrator (TPA) programs. Some of Rytech's carrier client's 
engage the services of TPA's to manage their property restoration 
service providers. TPA's typically charge a percentage of the total 
amount invoiced for each job, and typically apply the fees and issue 
remaining balance at time of payment to Rytech. Additionally, some 
TPA's will charge in addition to the percentage a transaction fee. 
Rytech Royalties and Administrative, and National Ad Fund (NAF) 
fees are applied to the total invoiced amount minus the TPA amount. 
MICA 
$199 Monthly Location 
$5.00 per transaction 
$8.00 per QA disposition 
transaction 
 
MICA is required to be utilized by all employees in your franchise. 
MICA is Rytech's system of record, and where all jobs should be 
managed throughout the life cycle of a job. MICA charges a per job 
transactional fee. There is also a monthly location fee that is charged 
to your location. 
All MICA fees are invoiced monthly and deducted via RyPay. 
Xactanalysis 
$10.09 per transaction/job 
and % of estimate amount 
$17.00 per claims 
Experience transaction 
$134.55 License Fee (as 
needed) and 
 
Many of our carrier clients utilize Xactanalysis. Xactanalysis is the 
software by which assignments are sent to Rytech. Additionally, 
carrier clients may require 
all job documents, photos, notes, updates, and estimates to be placed 
in the Xactanalysis job record.  Xactanalysis fees are charged on a per 
job/transactional basis. Should your franchise be required to establish 
it's own Xactnet address and additional license fee is incurred. Fees 
are invoiced monthly and deducted via RyPay. 
DocuSign 
$20 per month 
Used to ensure Rytech network is meeting information security policy 
as well as PCI compliance when utilizing this platform to collect 
credit card payment information from customers directly. 
NetSuite 
$100 per month for single 
unit franchisee; $175 per 
month for multi-unit 
franchisee. 
A cloud-based business management platform used by franchisees for 
accounting and business management purposes.  
Corelogic 
$15.00 per transaction 
Corelogic is an estimating software platform that some of Rytech's 
carrier clients utilize to send Rytech assignments. Additionally, 
