 
 
47 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
(viii) The costs of obtaining sponsorships and endorsements, and developing alliances, 
marketing and sales promotions, provider relationships, lobbying efforts, carrier meetings, 
conferences, account management, carrier management, and any activities or programs that 
enhances the RYTECH brand within the Cooperative Territory; 
(ix) The costs of collection for delinquent Cooperative contributions, including the costs of 
collection agencies and legal costs (including attorney fees) to pursue collection; 
(xi) Such reasonable salary costs of RYTECH's employees, and such administrative and 
overhead costs as RYTECH may incur, in activities reasonably related to the administration of the 
Cooperative and its brand enhancement programs and activities (including agency fees, legal fees, 
travel expenses, preparing or procuring market studies, preparing brand enhancement materials, 
and collecting and accounting for contributions to the Cooperative, and preparing for and assisting 
in an independent audit of the Cooperative contributions and expenditures annually); 
(xii) 
Carrier Sales and Marketing, Sales Personnel, Conferences, Sponsorships, Booth 
space, banners, print and digital media and other similar programs; and 
(xiii)    Such other brand enhancement activities as RYTECH deems advisable. 
8.4 
Local Advertising 
Each month during the Term You must spend the greater of $1,000 or four percent (4%) of 
Gross Revenue on local advertising that RYTECH has approved in the Manual or otherwise in 
writing and that conforms to Standards. "Local advertising" includes advertising, marketing, 
promotional events, public relations, and other brand development activities and materials that 
enhance the brand but are targeted primarily to promoting Your Franchised Business. RYTECH 
may increase to a maximum of six percent (6%) during the term of Agreement. Upon RYTECH's 
request, You must submit copies of invoices for local advertising expenditures showing 
compliance with this Section 8.4. Advertising expenditures in excess of the required minimum in 
any month may be used to offset shortfalls in any later month if the total advertising expenditures 
at the end of each calendar quarter, on a cumulative basis, equal or exceed the required minimum 
for that calendar quarter. 
All advertising and promotions by You in any medium will be conducted in a dignified 
manner and will conform to the Standards and requirements, as set forth in the Manual. As 
provided in Section 8.5, You will obtain RYTECH's approval of all advertising campaigns, 
promotions and related materials before their use. RYTECH will endeavor to approve or 
disapprove of the campaigns, promotions and materials within 10 days after RYTECH receives 
them. You will not use unapproved campaigns, promotions or materials and will promptly 
discontinue use of any advertising campaigns, promotions or materials, whether or not previously 
approved, upon notice from RYTECH. 
You may not direct advertising outside of Your Territory unless we give our written 
consent in the Manual or otherwise. 
