 
 
74 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
carrier clients may require all job documents, photos, notes, updates, 
and estimates to be placed in the Corelogic job record. Corelogic fees 
are charged on a per job/transactional basis. Fee are invoiced monthly 
and deducted via Repay 
IICRC Certifications 
Billed Direct to Franchise 
by Provider 
As a Rytech franchise you are responsible to ensure all of your field 
technicians obtain proper IICRC certification prior to that employee 
offering services. Minimum IICRC certifications required for a water 
mitigation technician are the WRT/ASD certifications. Should your 
operation offer mold remediation services it is recommended that 
field technicians hold an IICRC certification of AMRT. All owners 
are required to have IICRC Certifications in WRT/ASD/AMRT. 
Background Checks 
Billed Direct to Franchise 
by Provider 
Rytech requires all of your franchise employees to have a criminal 
background check run prior to employment. Rytech has partnered 
with a qualified background check firm that will meet all carrier and 
TPA standards to ensure your franchise background searches meet all 
program criteria. Your franchise will establish an account with the 
background search provider, and pay the background check fees 
directly to the provider. 
Additional Insurance Covg. 
Billed Direct to Franchise 
by Provider 
Some of Rytech's carrier clients and TPA's require additional 
insurance coverage beyond the Rytech standards. In the event your 
franchise is servicing a client that that requires additional coverage 
then your franchise will be subject to the rates for such coverage to be 
added. Your franchise will pay the cost of the premiums for these 
additional coverage to your agent or carrier direct. 
Time Tracking Software 
Billed Direct to Franchise 
by Provider 
Your franchise may choose to utilize time tracking software offered 
by a third party provider. Any fees associated in utilizing such time 
tracking software shall be paid by your franchise directly to the time 
tracking software provider. 
Fleet Tracking Software 
Billed Direct to Franchise 
by Provider 
Your franchise may choose to utilize fleet tracking/management 
software for your franchise's company vehicles. Any fees associated 
in utilizing such fleet management software shall be paid by your 
franchise directly to the fleet management software provider. 
Marketing Supplies 
Variable. Billed at cost.  
From time to time your franchise may need to order marketing 
supplies such as pens, notepads, logo'd shirts, hats, etc. Rytech 
charges your franchise at cost for the items in addition to a handling 
fee, and shipping costs. 
Profile Gorilla 
No Charge Currently 
Rytech currently utilizes Profile Gorilla as a compliance management 
software. There are currently no charges to the franchisee to utilize 
this software and all franchises are required to use this platform to 
store important credentialing and compliance information such as, 
IICRC Certifications, Licenses, Insurance COI's, Criminal 
Background check requests, and other important information about 
your franchise. Some carrier clients and TPA's work directly with 
Profile Gorilla as their compliance manager which allows your 
franchise to seamlessly onboard with carrier and TPA programs that 
are partnered with Profile Gorilla.  Rytech may choose to charge a fee 
for use of this software in the future. 
Wizer Info Security  
$20 per year per user.  
Wizer is a comprehensive security awareness training platform 
designed to educate employees on best practices for maintaining 
information security and preventing security threats. 
