 
 
25 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
6.12 Software and Technology Fees.  
  
You agree to pay RYTECH, its Affiliates or third-party provider all software and 
technology fees required by RYTECH or an insurance carrier as set forth in the Operation Manual.  
6.13 Rebuild Fees. 
  
You must pay our then current Rebuild Fees for any Rebuild Services, as defined in Section 
3.50, arising out of a RYTECH Service. Currently, our Rebuild Fees for Rebuild Services are  4% 
Royalty, 4% Administration Fee and 1% Marketing Fees. If an audit shows that there has been an 
underreporting of Rebuild Gross Revenues and/or Gross Receipts from Rebuild Services cannot 
be validated, all Gross Receipts from Rebuild Services will be subject to the Royalty Fees in 
Section 6.2. 
6.14  Minimum Sales Requirement.   
You must achieve a minimum level of sales of Services and Products from Your Franchised 
Business as follows: (a) $500,000 by the end of the twenty-fourth month after the Effective Date 
of this Agreement.  You must submit to RYTECH, within 10 days after the end of each month, a 
report showing Your Gross Revenue for that month and the cumulative Gross Revenue for the 
applicable period.  If You fail to meet the minimum sales requirement for any period, RYTECH 
may, in its sole discretion and in addition to any other remedies available to it under this 
Agreement or at law or in equity, do any or all of the following: (i) terminate this Agreement upon 
written notice to You; (ii) reduce the size of Your Territory by excluding any zip codes that 
RYTECH may designate; or (iii) withdraw or modify any territorial protection granted to You 
under this Agreement.  Any such action by RYTECH will not relieve You of any of Your 
obligations under this Agreement, including the payment of Royalty Fees and other fees based on 
Your Gross Revenue.  
 
 
7. YOUR OBLIGATIONS 
7.1    Marks 
7.1.1  Ownership and Use of Marks 
You acknowledge the validity of the Marks and that they are the sole property of RYTECH. 
Your right to use the Marks derives solely from this Agreement. You may use the Marks only in 
the operation of Your Franchised Business and only in the manner and for the purposes permitted 
or specified by RYTECH in the Manual or otherwise. You may not use any other trade name or 
marks in connection with Your Franchised Business. 
In order to protect the goodwill associated with the Marks, neither You nor any of Your 
Related Parties or Affiliates may use any portion of the Marks or any other confusingly similar 
