 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM 
TO 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED 
TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
The following provisions supersede any inconsistent provisions in the disclosure document and apply to all 
franchises offered and sold in the State of California: 
 
1.      Neither we nor any person identified in Item 2 of this disclosure document are subject to any currently 
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a, et seq., suspending or expelling these persons from 
membership in the association or exchange. 
 
2.      California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 200043 provide rights to the 
franchisee concerning termination, transfer, or non-renewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise Agreement or 
Development Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
3.      The Franchise Agreement provide for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101, et seq.). 
 
4.      The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the termination 
of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
5.      The Franchise Agreement requires mediation, arbitration and litigation in the city where we then have 
our principal place of business (currently Cobb County, Georgia), with the costs being borne by the non-
prevailing party.  Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code 
of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise agreement 
restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California. 
 
6.      The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Georgia.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under California law. 
 
7.      Any condition, stipulation or provision in the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement which 
would result in your waiver of compliance with any provision of California Franchise Relations Act is void 
to the extent that the provision violates this law. 
 
8.      To the extent that Sections 12 of the Franchise Agreement would otherwise violate California law, 
these sections are amended by providing that all litigation by or between you and us, involving a franchised 
business operating in the State of California, which arises directly or indirectly from the Franchise 
Agreement will be commenced and maintained in the state courts of California or the United States District 
