 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        31             
  Provision  
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement        
  Summary 
t.  Integration/ 
    merger clause. 
FA § 12 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are binding.  Any 
representations or promises outside of the Disclosure Document and 
Franchise Agreement may not be enforceable. (Subject to state law) 
u.  Disputes resolution by     
arbitration or mediation. 
FA §  12 
Direct negotiations, mediation and, if unresolved, arbitration is 
required for all disputes except for known amounts of money and for 
injunctive relief.  (Subject to state law).  
v.  Choice of forum. 
FA § 12 
 
City and state where franchisor is located (presently Cobb County, 
Georgia), unless the law of your state provides otherwise.  See 
Exhibit D, State Addenda.   (Subject to state law).  
w.  Choice of law. 
FA § 12 
Georgia law applies, unless the law of your state provides otherwise.  
See Exhibit D, State Addenda.  
 
 
Item 18: PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figure.  We may use a public figure to promote its franchise in the future, but have 
not present intent to do so.   
 
 
 
Item 19: FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for 
the information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example by providing information about possible performance 
at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
The following Table includes actual historical information we have accumulated for franchised businesses 
that were owned and operated by our franchisees in 2020-2024 and were opened for the entire twelve 
months in each applicable reporting year. Gross Revenues were generated from sales collected through 
RyPay.  
 
All of the businesses included in the figures below are generally comparable to the Franchise offered by 
this disclosure document. No adjustments, including adjustments for geographic location, increased 
business due to catastrophic assistance or open service areas, have been made to these reported sales. Also, 
because these are Gross Revenues results only, no costs or expenses are taken into account. 
 
 
Average and Median Gross Revenues 
 
The following table presents the Average and Median Annual Gross Sales for franchisees, together with 
