 
 
39 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
themselves to confidentiality and noncompetition covenants in the form RYTECH specifies, and 
You will make those covenants available to RYTECH upon its request. 
You must notify RYTECH in writing within five (5) days of any unauthorized use or 
disclosure of Confidential Information and/or other intellectual property belonging to RYTECH 
and of any claim by any Person to any rights in any Confidential Information, copyright, or other 
intellectual property belonging to RYTECH. Except as RYTECH otherwise permits in writing, 
You must not directly or indirectly communicate with any person other than Your attorney (if a 
claim is brought against You) and RYTECH and its counsel in connection with any claim of such 
rights. RYTECH has the sole right to determine whether any legal action should be taken, and, if 
any action is taken, RYTECH has the right to direct and control any such action, including the 
conduct of an administrative proceeding or litigation or other adjudicative proceeding involving 
the Confidential Information, copyright, or other intellectual property, as well as any settlement 
of any such proceeding or litigation. You have no right, independent of RYTECH, to make any 
demand against any such user or challenger or to prosecute any claim of any kind or nature 
whatsoever relating to the Confidential Information, copyright, and/or intellectual property. You 
must execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do all acts that 
may, in the opinion of RYTECH's counsel, be necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the 
interests of RYTECH and its Affiliates in any such litigation or administrative proceedings, or to 
otherwise protect and maintain the interest of RYTECH and/or its Affiliates in the Confidential 
Information, copyright, and/or other intellectual property. Nothing in this Section 7.9(d) prohibits 
You from taking disciplinary or other action against any Related Party or employee of Yours who 
makes unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information. 
7.10 
Attendance at Meetings 
Each year You must attend no fewer than two (2) of the following meetings of franchisees 
convened by RYTECH: national, state or regional, and local meetings, and local or regional 
advertising co-op meetings. The meetings may, at RYTECH's option, be in person, online, 
electronic, via teleconference, videoconference, or such other means as RYTECH deems 
advisable, You are responsible for travel and living expenses for the attendees from Your 
Franchised Business at any meeting. RYTECH reserves the right to waive this requirement if there 
are circumstances beyond Your control, e.g., spike in business volume due to a weather event, etc., 
You must request the waiver in writing.  Notwithstanding the above, You are required to attend, 
at Your expense, the annual owners conference, operational managers meetings and monthly 
operations calls.  
7.11 
Covenants Against Competition 
You and Your Related Parties specifically acknowledge that You and Your Related Parties 
will receive valuable training and Confidential Information that are beyond the present skills and 
experience of You and Your Related Parties and Your managers and employees. You and Your 
Related Parties acknowledge that this training and Confidential Information provide a competitive 
advantage and will be valuable in operating and developing Your Franchised Business. In 
