 
 
11 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
Services and Products in Your Territory.  All Fees (Royalties, Applications, Software, ADMIN, 
etc.) due by You are deducted from payments collected; all remaining amounts are deposited 
directly into your bank account. 
 
3.61 
RYTECH. "RYTECH" means Rytech Franchising, Inc. or any Person to which Rytech 
Franchising, Inc. delegates, transfers or assigns all or part of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement. 
 
3.62 
RYTECH Intranet.  "RYTECH Intranet" means a private, Internet-based network that 
RYTECH maintains to facilitate electronic communication among itself, franchisees and others 
authorized by RYTECH. 
 
3.63 
RYTECH Website.  "RYTECH Website" means the Internet Website that RYTECH 
maintains at www.Rytechinc.com, www.rytech.com and/ or any additional or substitute Website 
that RYTECH develops to advertise and promote the System, Franchised Businesses, the Network, 
and/or the Services and Products offered under the Marks. 
 
3.64   Services. "Services" means all Core Services and those Additional Services and future 
services that RYTECH has authorized You to perform. 
 
3.65 
 Social Media. “Social Media” means platforms that enable the interactive web by 
engaging users to participate in, comment on and create content as means of communicating with 
their social graph, other users and the public; for example Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, blogs.  
 
3.66 
Standards. "Standards" means the standards, specifications, policies, procedures, 
guidelines and processes required by RYTECH in connection with the operation of a Franchised 
Business under the Marks and the System as set forth in the Manual or otherwise in writing and as 
modified from time to time as RYTECH may deem advisable.  
 
3.67 
Start Date. "Start Date" means the date by which You must begin offering the Core 
Services. The Start Date under a Start-up Agreement means the final day of the month following 
the month in which You finish the initial training program as specified in Section 7.2.1. The "Start 
Date" under an Expansion Agreement not acquired through a Transfer means the date 60 days after 
the Effective Date. The "Start Date" for a Franchised Business acquired through a Transfer is the 
Effective Date. The Start Date may be extended only with RYTECH's written consent.  
 
3.68 
Subcontractors.  “Subcontractor” means a person or business which has a contract as an 
independent contractor with You to provide some portion of the work or services on a project 
which You has agreed to perform. A Subcontractor cannot be an entity that has shared ownership 
or control by You; whether a parent, affiliate, division, subsidiary, successor, predecessor and the 
like.  
 
