 
 
61 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
continued operation of the Franchised Business or otherwise, then, in addition to any other 
remedies available to RYTECH at law or in equity, RYTECH shall be entitled to collect from 
You, and You agrees to pay a weekly royalty for such use of the Marks and/or the System equal 
to 10% of the royalties that You would otherwise have been obligated to pay pursuant to this 
agreement. You shall pay to RYTECH in addition to any amounts found to be due and owing, all 
expenses incurred by RYTECH as a result of any such default, including reasonable attorneys' 
fees.  Such termination, however, shall not affect the obligation of You hereunder to take action 
or abstain from taking action after the termination hereof. 
(b) If You or your Related Parties directly or indirectly open or participate in the ownership 
or operation of a business in violation of the covenant not to compete, then, in addition to any 
other remedies available to RYTECH at law or in equity, RYTECH shall be entitled to receive 
throughout the term of the covenant, and You agrees to pay, a weekly fee equal to 10% of the 
competing operation's revenues, measured in accordance with the definition of Gross Revenues in 
this Agreement. You shall pay to RYTECH in addition to any amounts found to be due and owing, 
all expenses incurred by RYTECH as a result of any such default, including reasonable attorneys' 
fees.  Such termination, however, shall not affect the obligation of You hereunder to take action 
or abstain from taking action after the termination hereof. 
(c) If You close your Franchised Business for any reason, without the written consent of 
RYTECH, You shall promptly pay all sums owing to RYTECH and its subsidiaries and affiliates.  
You shall pay damages for the right to receive the royalty fees for each year or portion thereof 
remaining in the original term of this agreement, together with any other damages suffered by 
RYTECH as a result of such default, and You shall have no further claim hereunder.  The damages 
for royalties due during the remainder of the original term of this agreement shall be calculated by 
averaging the last 24 months (or actual average, if the Franchised Business is open less than 24 
months) of all fees paid by You times the number of years remaining in the term, as calculated 
from the effective date of this agreement, and discounted to present value.  You shall pay to 
RYTECH in addition to any amounts found to be due and owing, all expenses incurred by 
RYTECH as a result of any such default, including reasonable attorneys' fees.  Such termination, 
however, shall not affect the obligation of You hereunder to take action or abstain from taking 
action after the termination hereof. 
 
12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
12.1    Construction of Contract 
Section headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not in any way 
modify the statements contained in any section of this Agreement. Each word in this Agreement 
may be considered to include any number or gender that the context requires. If there is any conflict 
between this Agreement and the Manual, this Agreement will control. The word "include"' (and 
its derivatives, such as "includes" and "including") is always used in its non-restrictive sense (i.e., 
