 
 
50 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
sole judgment and on such terms as it may establish in the Manual or otherwise in writing, permit 
You to own domain names or URLs for Websites or social media sites that have content related 
to, or creating an association with, the System and/or the Network, but RYTECH need not do so. 
(e) 
If You are not in Good Standing or You fail to comply with the Terms of Use 
governing the RYTECH Website, RYTECH may remove Your interior pages from the RYTECH 
Website and/or remove Your Franchised Business from the Franchised Business locater page until 
You fully cure the breach. 
8.8 
Electronic Communication 
(a) 
You agree to establish and continually maintain electronic connection with the 
RYTECH Intranet via a computer system, a technology platform as described in Section 7.2.8, 
Required Computer and Technology, and/or by such other means as RYTECH may specify in the 
Manual or otherwise in writing. Your obligation to maintain connection with the RYTECH 
Intranet will continue until this Agreement's Termination (or, if earlier, until RYTECH dismantles 
the RYTECH Intranet). 
(b) 
You acknowledge that electronic communication is a rapidly developing field and 
that, to maintain the competitive position of the System, RYTECH may modify the way 
franchisees throughout the world use the Internet and may communicate these modifications 
through amendments to the Manual. These modifications will be legally binding on You and You 
will comply with them. 
(c) 
You may not use any of the Marks on or in connection with the Internet, except as 
permitted by Section 8.7(c). You may not use any part of the Marks (including the initials 
"RYTECH") in an e-mail address. 
(d) 
You must identify Your RYTECH business by the e-mail address which RYTECH 
may designate from time to time. You must not use directly or indirectly any other e-mail address, 
any Website or any similar electronic address or location to identify or communicate on behalf of 
Your Franchised Business without RYTECH's prior written consent. RYTECH may at any time 
change the e-mail address it has assigned to Your Franchised Business. You and RYTECH will 
use that e-mail address, and no other, to communicate via e-mail. RYTECH owns all e-mail 
addresses it assigns to franchisees. 
9. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 
9.1 
Interest in Marks and System 
You may not at any time do or cause to be done anything contesting or impairing 
RYTECH's interest in its Marks and/or System. You acquire no rights in any part of the System or 
in any of the Marks except for Your right to use them in accordance with the express terms of this 
Agreement. RYTECH retains the right to grant other Franchises or licenses to use the Marks and 
System upon any terms that RYTECH wishes. 
