 
 
21 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that RYTECH's withholding of performance services in 
accordance with this Section 5.10 will not constitute a breach of this Agreement and/or a defense 
to the enforcement by RYTECH of any provision of this Agreement, including the right to receive 
payment of Royalty Fees as provided in Section 6.2, Royalty Fees and Revenue Reports. You also 
acknowledge and agree that, should RYTECH choose to withhold performance rather than 
terminate this Agreement, RYTECH's failure to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement will 
in no way constitute a waiver of RYTECH's subsequent right to terminate this Agreement for the 
specified default or for any other default or to exercise any other remedies available to RYTECH 
under this Agreement, at law, or in equity. 
5.11 
No Third Party Rights 
All of RYTECH's obligations arising under this Agreement are to You, and no Person, 
including any other franchisee, is entitled to rely on, enforce, or obtain relief for any breach of 
those obligations, either directly or by subrogation. Similarly, no franchisee or other Person (other 
than a successor or assign of RYTECH or a subrogee whose right is granted explicitly by contract 
(such as an insurer)) is entitled to rely on, enforce, or obtain relief for any waiver by RYTECH of 
any of its rights under this Agreement, either directly or by subrogation. In fulfilling its obligations 
to You and in conducting any activities or exercising any rights under this Agreement, RYTECH 
has the right to take into account, as it sees fit, the effect on, and the interests of, other Franchised 
Businesses and Company-owned Units and on the overall benefits to the System and the Network. 
You understand and agree that all of RYTECH's obligations under this Agreement are subject to 
this Section 5.11 and that nothing in this Section 5.11 in any way affects Your obligations under 
this Agreement. You further agree that You have no rights, as a third party beneficiary or 
otherwise, to enforce any provision of any Franchise Agreement between RYTECH and any other 
Franchisee. 
5.12 
Delegation 
You agree that any duty or obligation imposed on RYTECH by this Agreement may be 
performed by any designee, employee, or agent as RYTECH may direct. 
5.13 
Non-Uniform Agreements 
You acknowledge and agree that RYTECH has previously entered into franchise 
agreements with other franchisees, that RYTECH may in the future enter into franchise 
agreements with other franchisees, and that some or all of those franchise agreements may have 
terms substantially different from those in this Agreement. You also acknowledge and agree that 
RYTECH may, in its business judgment, waive or modify comparable provisions of any of those 
franchise agreements in a non-uniform manner, so long as RYTECH does so on a reasonably 
nondiscriminatory basis. 
 
