 
 
67 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
REASONABLE DILIGENCE, OF THE FACTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIMS, 
WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST. 
12.11 Attorney Fees and Costs 
You must pay to RYTECH all damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees) that RYTECH incurs in the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement. 
12.12 Severability and Resulting Covenants 
(a) 
Each provision of this Agreement will be considered severable. If, for any reason, 
any provision of it is determined to be invalid or in conflict with any existing or future law or 
regulation, that provision will not impair the operation of the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement. The invalid provisions will be considered not to be a part of this Agreement. However, 
if RYTECH determines that the finding of illegality adversely affects the basic consideration for 
its performance under this Agreement, RYTECH may, at its option, terminate this Agreement. 
(b) 
You expressly agree to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing the 
maximum duty permitted by law that is contained within the terms of any provision of this 
Agreement, as though it were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may 
result from striking from any of the provisions of this Agreement any portion or portions that a 
court holds to be unreasonable and unenforceable in a final decision to which RYTECH is a party, 
or from reducing the scope of any promise or covenant to the extent required to comply with such 
a court order. 
12.13 Individual Dispute Resolution 
Any proceeding to resolve a Dispute (whether part of the ADR Process or a legal action) 
between the parties to this Agreement and/or any of their Related Parties will be conducted solely  
on an individual basis and not as part of a consolidated, common, representative, group, or class 
action. 
12.14 Approval and Guaranties 
All Persons, including all of Your Related Parties (without regard to the percentage of 
Beneficial Ownership interests noted in the definition of Related Parties), having at least a ten 
percent (10%) or greater interest in You must approve this Agreement, permit You to furnish the 
financial information required by RYTECH, and agree to the restrictions placed on them, including 
restrictions on the transferability of their interests in the Franchised Business and in You and 
limitations on their rights to compete. Each of those Persons must execute separately the 
Agreement and Guaranty in the form of Attachment 5 to this Agreement or in the form required 
by RYTECH at the time the Person acquires the 10% or greater interest.  See Attachment 5.  
12.15 Acceptance by RYTECH 
This Agreement will not be binding on RYTECH unless and until it has been signed by an 
