 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        13             
customers.   
 
Note 10  Legal and Accounting Fees. We estimate that your legal and accounting fees will be approximately  
$2,000 - $6,000 to start your Franchised Business.   
 
Note 11  Vehicle. You will need a full-size cargo van  for your Rytech business which is approved by us.  This 
vehicle should cost between $26,000 and $60,000. The cost of the vehicle will vary depending on the make, 
model and age of the vehicle. Your van must be large enough to hold the drying equipment and other supplies 
and equipment, as well as the storage racks installed to hold drying equipment. You must purchase the Rytech 
Wrap for the van with is currently $1,800 - $3,000 per vehicle.  
 
Note 12  Royalty Fees. You are required to pay a Royalty Fee to us of 8% of all Gross Revenues.  See Item 6 
for more details regarding the Royalty Fees to be paid us during the term of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
Note 13  Local Advertising Expenses. We estimate that your monthly minimum local advertising expenses 
will be approximately $1,000 to $4,500. This represents the minimum amount of monies you must spend for 
local marketing.  See Item 6 for more details.   
 
Note 14  Transaction Fees, TPA Fees, Estimating Software Fees and other associated Field Fees.  See 
Addendum 2b to the Franchise Agreement for a breakdown of the current fees required by Rytech and 
insurance carriers at the time of this disclosure.  These fees are subject to change. All software fees and 
transaction fees are invoiced monthly to your franchised business and paid via RyPay. Although you are not 
required to provide services to insurance carriers, should you wish to do so, you must purchase insurance 
carrier required software and/or use third-party administrators to obtain the carrier assignments and pay all 
associated fees. You are required to use DocuSign for the execution of customer contracts.  
 
Note 15  Additional Funds. We estimate that you may need additional funds of $25,000 to $50,000 and is 
based on an owner operated business and does not include any allowance for an owner's draw or salary or 
operations manager’s draw or salary if you elect to have one.  The estimate is for the first three months of 
operations.  We estimate that in general this amount should be sufficient.   
 
Note 16 Total.    We have relied on our years of experience in the water damage restoration business to compile 
these estimates.  You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision 
to purchase the franchise. We do not offer financing to franchisees at this time.  
  
Item 8: RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
Required Purchases from Us or our Affiliates.    
 
You are not required to purchase any goods, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory or real estate for your 
franchise from us or from our affiliates.  We reserve the right to require you at any time in the future to 
purchase any items for your franchise from us or from our affiliates. 
 
You must use our affiliate, Rytech Admin Services, LLC. as the sole provider of the administrative services 
as set forth in our Operations Manual or as required by Third Party Administrator contracts.    William D. 
Ryan, our CEO, is the majority shareholder in RyBrands, Inc, the sole owner of Rytech Admin Services.  
 
For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, our revenue from Franchisees’ required purchases or leases of 
