 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        9             
  
Note 1. Royalty Fee.  In consideration of the franchise granted, you must pay to us an amount equal to 8% of 
all Gross Revenues with the following minimum royalty payments $2,000 per month. The minimum royalty 
is waived for your first twelve months of operation if you remain in Good Standing under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
If the customer or carrier pays us for the services you perform on behalf of Rytech, we will deduct all Royalty 
Fees prior to paying you, under our RyPay program.  Payments made directly to you from Customers or 
Carriers shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of each month for the Gross Revenues received the 
previous month. All Royalty Fees designated by us, are to be postmarked by the fifteenth (15th) day of the 
Month after the month to which the royalty applies.    
 
"Gross Revenue" means the amount of sales for Services or Products sold by You or your Related Parties and 
all other income of any kind whatsoever derived directly or indirectly in connection with Your operation of 
Your Franchised Business, the Marks, Your operation under the Marks or any aspect of the System, but 
excluding  taxes actually paid to a governmental authority, and refunds actually made to Customers. 
  
Note 2. Administrative Fee.  We deduct an Administrative Fees equal to eleven (11%) of your gross receipts 
directly under our RyPay program each month. You must use Rytech Admin Services for the performance of 
certain administrative functions provided for you as set forth in the Operations Manual. Neither we nor Rytech 
Admin Services assume the sole responsibility for your bookkeeping, banking accounts, payroll or third 
parties’ collections.     
 
Note 3. National Advertising Fund.   We deduct the National Advertising Fund fees directly under our RyPay 
program.  You are required to pay 1% of your Monthly Gross Revenues into the National Advertising Fund.  
The maximum amount you will be required to pay into the National Fund is 2% of your Monthly Gross 
Revenues.  You will be given a minimum of 90 days prior written notice of any increase the amount due.  The 
monies that you pay into the National Advertising Fund are monies of all Franchisees and will be kept in a 
separate account and a yearly accounting will be performed on this account by an independent accounting 
firm.  This amount may change during the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Note 4.  Local Advertising Expenditures.  Every month, you must spend $1,000 or 4% of your Gross 
Revenues, whichever is greater, for local marketing. We have the right to increase the Local Advertising 
Expenditures to 6% during the Term of your Franchise Agreement.  If we initiate a Cooperative in your 
territory, your Local Advertising Expenditures will be offset by your Cooperative Fees. At this time, only 
Florida has a Cooperative.  
 
Note 5.  Late Payment.  If you fail to pay any fee or expense to us, or our affiliated company, you are subject 
to a late fee of $50.00 per incident, plus the greater of 1.5% per month of the unpaid balance, or the maximum 
rate permitted by law.  The fee is based on internal administrative costs and expenses and will not change 
during the term of the Franchise Agreement.  The percentage rate will not change unless the maximum legal 
rate changes. 
 
Note 6. Training, Additional Training and Assistance.  We provide initial training to you and your designated 
representative at no extra charge. We may charge you a fee for any additional persons to the initial training 
which will be based on a daily per diem.  Attendees are responsible for travel, lodging, meals, and personal 
expenses.  We reserve the right to charge per diem charges for additional training and assistance.  As of the 
date of this Disclosure Document, the daily per diem charge is $200.00 per our personnel used in the additional 
