 
 
55 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
connection with the Transfer; however, all other Transfer requirements will apply to the Transfer. 
If RYTECH advises such heirs, beneficiaries or other personal representatives in writing that 
RYTECH will not approve them as transferees of the Franchise, or if RYTECH fails to approve 
or disapprove the Transfer within 60 days following death or Permanent Disability of You or any 
Related Party, the heirs, beneficiaries or other personal representatives will have 120 additional 
days from the date of disapproval of the Transfer or the end of the 60-day period, whichever is 
first, within which to find a qualified transferee and notify RYTECH of a proposed Transfer to 
that transferee as required by under the Transfer provisions of this Agreement. If the heirs, 
beneficiaries or other personal representatives do not advise RYTECH of a proposed Transfer to 
a qualified transferee within the specified period, this Agreement will automatically terminate at 
the end of the period unless RYTECH grants a written extension of time. If the parties disagree as 
to whether a person is "Permanently Disabled," the determination will be made by a licensed 
practicing physician, selected by RYTECH, upon examination of the person; or, if the person 
refuses to submit to an examination, then for purposes of this Section, the person automatically 
will be considered permanently disabled as of the date of refusal. 
10.7 
Right of First Refusal 
In connection with any proposed bona fide Transfer of a controlling interest in You, in this 
Agreement, and/or in the Franchised Business, RYTECH has the right and option to purchase that 
interest on the same terms and conditions contained in the bona fide offer. RYTECH shall notify 
the seller within 15 days of receiving all required information. If the consideration, terms, and/or 
conditions contained in the bona fide offer are such that RYTECH may not reasonably be required 
to furnish the same consideration, terms, and/or conditions, then RYTECH may purchase, for the 
reasonable equivalent in cash, the interest that is proposed to be transferred. If the parties cannot 
agree within a reasonable time on the reasonable equivalent in case of the consideration, terms, 
and/or conditions contained in the bona fide offer, the parties shall agree upon an independent 
appraiser and that appraiser's determination shall be binding. If RYTECH declines to exercise the 
option afforded by this Section 10.7, then the seller may sell its interest only if RYTECH consents 
to the Transfer as set forth in this Section 10 and the seller complies with all of the Transfer 
provisions of this Agreement as determined by RYTECH in its sole judgment. Failure by the seller 
to effect the proposed Transfer and/or any material change in the terms of any offer prior to closing 
shall constitute a new offer subject to the same right of first refusal by RYTECH as in the case of 
an initial offer.  Failure by RYTECH to exercise the option afforded by this Section 10.7 does not 
constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, including all of the requirements of 
Section 10 with respect to a proposed Transfer. 
10.8 
Public and Private Offerings 
You and/or anyone holding Beneficial Ownership interest in You may make a public or 
private offering of securities, partnership, or other ownership or financial interests in You only 
with RYTECH's prior written consent. Before using them in an exempt offering or filing them 
with any federal or state authority, You shall submit to RYTECH in writing for review and written 
