 
 
8 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
are an Entity, the Financial Statements will relate to Your assets, liabilities and operations; if You 
are an individual, the Financial Statements will relate to the proprietorship through which You 
conduct the Franchise. 
 
3.33 
Franchise. "Franchise" means the rights to operate a Franchised Business. 
 
3.34 
Franchise Agreement. "Franchise Agreement" means an agreement that sets forth the 
terms of the Franchise and governs the operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
3.35 
Franchise Fee. "Franchise Fee" means the fee You must pay to RYTECH upon Your 
execution of this Agreement, as described in Section 6.1. 
 
3.36 
Franchised Business. "Franchised Business" means a business providing Services and 
Products in accordance with the System and in association with the Marks under a Franchise 
Agreement. The Franchised Business that You will operate under this Agreement is referred to in 
this Agreement as "Your Franchised Business." 
 
3.37 
Franchisee. "Franchisee" means the Person (or Persons) who signs a Franchise Agreement 
as a primary obligor under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
3.38 
Good Standing. "Good Standing" means full and timely compliance, as determined by 
RYTECH in its sole judgment, by You and Your Related Parties with all provisions of this 
Agreement, the Manual, and any other agreement between You and/or Your Related Parties and 
RYTECH and/or its Related Parties, during the term(s) of those agreements, specifically including 
provisions for timely payment of amounts owed by You to RYTECH or its Related Parties.  
 
3.39 
Gross Revenue.  "Gross Revenue" means the amount of sales for Services or Products sold 
by You or your Related Parties and all other income of any kind whatsoever derived directly or 
indirectly in connection with Your operation of Your Franchised Business, the Marks, Your 
operation under the Marks or any aspect of the System, but excluding  taxes actually paid to a 
governmental authority, and refunds actually made to Customers.  
 
3.40 
Immediate Family. "Immediate Family" means the spouse, parents, children, step-
children, brothers, sisters and in-laws of an individual having Beneficial Ownership in You. 
 
3.41 
Improvements. "Improvements" means any addition, modification, adaptation, 
improvement, refinement, invention, or innovation (including advertising slogans, logos, 
advertising concepts, and the like) that any Person makes or suggests related to the System, the 
Network, the Manual, or other confidential information relating to any Franchised Business. 
 
3.42 
Indemnified Parties. "Indemnified Parties" means, jointly and severally, RYTECH and 
its Affiliates, parents, ultimate parents, and their respective directors, officers, employees, 
