 
 
15 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
RYTECH reserves the unequivocal right to reassign Program Accounts within Franchisee's 
Territory to other franchisees or third parties at its sole discretion. This reassignment may occur if 
RYTECH determines, in its sole judgment, that Franchisee is not qualified, unwilling, or otherwise 
unable to perform the required services to RYTECH's standards. Franchisee shall have no claim 
or recourse against RYTECH for any such reassignment of Program Accounts. .RYTECH reserves 
the right to refer Project Accounts within your Territory to other franchisees that You are not 
qualified (or does not wish) to perform. 
4.2.7 Optional Programs.  
RYTECH may from time to time establish and offer to You additional programs that service 
multiple customers including Carriers, TPAs, homeowners, commercial clients, property 
managers and the like (“Optional Programs”) related to RYTECHs Business. You may participate 
in such Optional Programs subject to the requirements, terms, and conditions established from 
time to time by RYTECH for such Optional Programs, which may include additional training 
requirements and additional fees. Such fees are not a royalty but are administrative fees payable 
to RYTECH in consideration for RYTECH’s expenses and support for each applicable Optional 
Program. All Optional Programs are developed and offered at the sole discretion of RYTECH, 
and may be terminated by RYTECH at any time upon written notice to You.  Should you opt to 
not participate in any Optional Program, RYTECH may put another franchisee in your territory to 
provide optional programs if wish to opt out of any Optional Program.  
4.3     Rights Reserved 
4.3.1  RYTECH reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. Without 
limitation and without regard to proximity to Your Territory, RYTECH and our affiliates reserve 
the right, on such terms and conditions as we deem appropriate, ourselves or through authorized 
third parties (including our Affiliates), to:   
(a) To own, acquire, establish and/or operate, and license others to establish and/or operate, 
Franchised Businesses outside Your Territory; 
(b) To own, acquire, establish, and/or operate systems (franchised and/or company-owned) 
under other marks, whether any such system is similar to or different from the System, at 
any location(s) within or outside Your Territory, and to use other channels of distribution 
(for example, the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing) in 
connection with such system(s) and/or location(s); 
(c) To own, be acquired by, merge, establish, and/or operate, and license others to establish 
and operate, businesses different from a Franchised Business but operated under the Marks 
within or outside Your Territory, and to use other channels of distribution (for example, 
the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing) in connection with such system(s) 
and/or location(s); 
(d) To acquire, be acquired by or merge with  or engage in any transaction with other 
businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere. Such transactions 
