 
 
60 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
of RYTECH are necessary to delete Your listings from classified telephone directories, disconnect 
or, at RYTECH's option, assign to RYTECH all telephone numbers that have been used in Your 
Franchised Business, assign to RYTECH any URLs, domain names, and social media and social 
networking names that You have used in connection with Your Franchised Business, and terminate 
all other references that indicate You are or ever were affiliated with RYTECH. By signing this 
Agreement, You irrevocably appoint RYTECH Your attorney-in-fact to take the actions described 
in this paragraph if You do not do so Yourself within 2 days after Termination of this Agreement. 
If RYTECH chooses not to have You assign the telephone numbers to it, You may not assign the 
telephone number to any Competitive Business, use automatic forwarding to the telephone number 
of any Competitive Business, or otherwise make the telephone number directly or indirectly 
available to any Competitive Business. 
(e) 
You must promptly cancel any fictitious business registration, trade name, or 
similar registration. By signing this Agreement, You irrevocably appoint RYTECH Your attorney-
in-fact to take the actions described in this paragraph if You do not do so Yourself within seven 
days after Termination of this Agreement. 
(f) 
You and Your Related Parties must immediately comply with the covenants against 
competition set forth in Section 7.11, Covenants Against Competition. 
(g)  
During the 12 months following expiration or termination of this Agreement. You 
must refrain from selling, assigning, or otherwise transferring to a Competitive Business any of 
the assets used in connection with the Franchised Business, including the lease for the premises 
where Your Office was operated. 
(h)  
You must give RYTECH a final accounting for Your Franchised Business, pay 
RYTECH and its Affiliates and Related Parties within 30 days after Termination all payments due 
to them, and immediately return to RYTECH the Manual, all Confidential Information, and any 
other property belonging to RYTECH. 
You must maintain all accounts and records for Your Franchised Business for a period of 
not less than seven years after final payment of any amounts You owe to RYTECH, its Affiliates, 
and/or Related Parties when this Agreement is Terminated, but You may not sell, disclose, or 
otherwise transfer any of the information contained in those accounts and records to, or for use by, 
any Competitive Business. 
If this Agreement is terminated because of Your default, the rights of RYTECH described 
above or elsewhere in this Agreement may not necessarily be RYTECH's exclusive remedies but 
will instead supplement any other equitable or legal remedies available to RYTECH, including 
the right to withhold performance as provided in Section 5.10, Withholding of Performance, of 
this Agreement.  
11.4 
Liquidated Damages.  
(a) If after: (1) the expiration of the franchise, or (2) the termination of the franchise by 
RYTECH, You continue to use any of the Marks or element of the System in connection with the 
