 
 
9 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
shareholders, agents, consultants, attorneys, Independent Contractors, designees, successors, and 
assignees. 
 
3.43 
Late Fee. "Late Fee" means the fee you must pay to RYTECH as described in Section 6.7. 
 
3.44 
Losses and Expenses. "Losses and Expenses" means compensatory, exemplary, or 
punitive damages; fines and penalties; attorneys' fees; experts' fees; court costs; costs associated 
with investigating and defending against claims; settlement amounts; judgments; as applicable, 
compensation for damages to RYTECH's and/or the System's reputation and goodwill; and all 
other costs associated with any of the foregoing losses and expenses. 
 
3.45 
Manual. "Manual" means all manuals, bulletins, directives, memoranda, Marketing 
Specifications Guides, video or audio tapes, computer media (e.g., computer software, CD-ROM), 
electronic communications and other written and electronic communications prepared by 
RYTECH or under its direction from time to time, that contain the Standards and other 
requirements and/or recommendations for the operation of a Franchised Business and the use of 
the System, regardless of whether RYTECH has formally designated them to be part of a "manual." 
The Manual will remain RYTECH's exclusive property at all times. 
 
3.46 
Marketing Representative.   “Marketing Representative” means an individual hired to 
market the Core Services in Your Territory to Insurance Agents, Property Managers and the like.  
The Marketing Manager’s tasks, which are more fully described in the Manual, include visits to 
offices, calls and other forms of communications for the purpose of generating new business.  
 
3.47 
Marks. "Marks" means the trademarks, trade names, logos, emblems, domain names, trade 
dress, and other indicia of origin, including the trade name "RYTECH®", licensed by RYTECH 
to You under this Agreement and used by RYTECH to identify the System and the Franchised 
Businesses and to promote Services and Products in various media, including the Internet. 
 
3.48 
Minimum Royalty Fee. "Minimum Royalty Fee" means the minimum Royalty Fee 
payment due after the first 12 months after the Start Date, as provided in Section 6.2(a)(i).  
 
3.49   Network. "Network" means, collectively, all Franchised Businesses and all Company-
owned Units. 
 
3.50 
 Rebuild Services. Reconstruction services are defined as work done only to repair 
damages from fire, flood, or other catastrophic events of loss which includes electrical, dry-wall, 
painting, plumbing, roofing, carpentry, cabinetry, floor covering replacement or installation work. 
Reconstruction Services do not include remodeling or construction work, demolition work, rental 
of dumpsters, electrical power generators, or other rental services as this is part of the mitigation 
services classification. 
 
