 
 
64 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
before, and as a condition to either parties, initiating a legal action. All aspects of the ADR Process 
must be treated as confidential, must not be disclosed to others, and may not be offered or 
admissible in any other proceeding or legal action whatsoever. The ADR Process under this 
Section 12.7 is not intended to alter or suspend the rights or obligations of the parties under this 
Agreement but is intended to furnish the parties an opportunity to resolve disputes amicably, 
expeditiously and in a cost-effective manner on mutually acceptable terms. 
(b) 
The Complainant will initiate the ADR Process by sending a certified or registered 
letter to the Respondent setting forth the particulars of the Dispute, the term(s) of the Agreement 
(if any) that are involved, a proposed resolution of the Dispute, and identifying one or more 
Authorized Representatives with authority to settle the Dispute for the Complainant. The 
Respondent has 14 days (beginning with the date notice is received) within which to designate by 
written notice to the Complainant one or more Authorized Representatives with authority to settle 
the Dispute on the Respondent's behalf. 
(c) 
As a mandatory condition precedent prior to your taking any legal or other action 
against us, whether for damages, injunctive, equitable or other relief (including, but not limited to, 
rescission), based upon any alleged act or omission of ours, you shall first give us 60 days prior 
written notice and opportunity to cure such alleged act or omission, or to resolve such matter. 
12.7.2 
Direct Negotiations 
The Authorized Representatives of the Respondent may investigate the Dispute as they 
consider appropriate but agree to meet in person at a place determined by RYTECH, by 
prearranged teleconference, or by videoconference, with the Authorized Representatives of the 
Complainant within 30 days from the date of the Complainant's written notice to discuss resolution 
of the Dispute. The Authorized Representatives may meet at any times and places and as often as 
they agree, subject to the time limits set forth in this Section 12.7. 
12.7.3 
Mediation 
(a)  
If the Dispute has not been resolved within 60 days after the initial meeting of the 
Authorized Representatives, the Dispute must be submitted to non-binding mediation by a third-
party mediator. The parties shall attempt to agree upon a mediator within one hundred and twenty 
(120) days of receipt of the initial letter or within sixty (60) days of any extended period as may 
be agreed upon by the parties in writing. If the parties are unable to mutually agree upon a mediator 
within this time period, the Complainant may seek the appointment of a mediator through JAMS, 
Inc. (and if JAMS, Inc. is no longer operational, a comparable mediator service) and the procedures 
for selecting the mediator shall be those of JAMS, Inc. (or, if applicable, of the comparable 
mediation service) in effect at the time. The parties agree that in the event of the initiation of 
individual mediations involving the same or similar issues at or about the same time, RYTECH 
has the option to determine that no Designated Mediator may be a mediator in more than one of 
those mediations. The mediation must take place in the city where RYTECH’s principal place of 
business is then located. 
