 
 
18 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
required.  Failure to do so will result in a breach of this Agreement and in its termination.  You 
must complete all of Your IICRC training prior to the initial training program.  
5.1.2 
Additional Training 
RYTECH will also provide such additional seminars, conferences, courses, and other 
training as it deems advisable and it may require You, Your Designated Manager, and/or other 
employees to attend. RYTECH may use such means of training, including online training, training 
via teleconferencing or video conferencing, as it deems advisable. All additional training is subject 
to the terms set forth in Section 7.2.1 Quality Control, Training, of this Agreement. You must pay 
all expenses incurred in connection with Additional Training, including reasonable training fees. 
You agree to pay our then current fee for Rytech U, currently $115 per quarter.  RYTECH may 
choose to collect the total quarterly charge via RyPay.  
5.2  
 
Operational Assistance 
RYTECH will provide such periodic and continuing advisory assistance to You in the 
operation of Your Franchised Business as RYTECH deems advisable. RYTECH may provide this 
assistance by telephone, e-mail, Office visits, additional training, and such other means as it deems 
appropriate. 
5.3  
Marketing and Branding Assistance 
RYTECH will make available from time to time, at Your expense, marketing and other 
materials for Your use in advertising. In addition, as described in Article 8 Advertising, Branding, 
Internet, RYTECH will provide such other marketing and branding assistance and develop such 
marketing, branding, public relations, and advertising programs as it deems advisable. 
5.4 
Service Development 
RYTECH will, to the extent it deems advisable, research new types of Services that You 
may offer to Your Carriers and Customers. 
5.5 
Manual 
RYTECH will loan You, during the Term of this Agreement, access to our Manual or set 
of Manuals and training guides containing instructions for use of the Marks, the Standards for 
operation of Your Franchised Business, and administration methods developed by RYTECH for 
use in a Franchised Business, and other information that RYTECH believes may be necessary or 
helpful to You in Your operation of Your Franchised Business. RYTECH may revise the Manual 
periodically to conform to the changing needs of the System, including modifications to the 
System, and will provide You with these revisions. RYTECH may deliver the Manual and any 
updates in hard copy, via audio or video tape, CD, DVD, in electronic form via the RYTECH 
Intranet, or in such other format or medium as it deems advisable. 
At RYTECH's option, RYTECH may post some or all of the Manual on a restricted 
Website, intranet, or extranet to which You will have access. You agree that, if RYTECH does so, 
