 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        24             
Remediation 
Production – 
Utilizing MICA 
locations 
MyCore 
8 Hours 
8 Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
locations 
 
We conduct the initial training program approximately 4 times a year (or more frequently, if needed).  The 
instructional materials consist of our Manuals, equipment manufacture and/or suppler documentation, check 
lists, demonstrations, and practice.   
 
The minimum experience of the instructors in the field that is relevant to the subject taught and our operations 
is from 13 to 35 years.  Randy Arnold trains in Mitigation, Remediation, IAQ Environmental coaching and 
training. He has 14 years’ experience in these fields and 31 years’ experience in water mitigation and 35 years’ 
experience in the industry. David Ayes instructs franchisees in MICA (11 years’ experience), water 
remediation (16 years’ experience) and water mitigation (16 years’ experience). He has 18 years’ experience 
in the industry. We may substitute training instructors to meet yours and our needs.   
   
The initial training program is mandatory for you (if the Franchisee is an individual then for the principal).  
The initial franchise fee includes the cost of the initial training program for the Franchise Owner and one 
employee. (FA § 5) 
 
You must pay all of the expenses incurred by your trainees or attendees in connection with the initial training 
program at any other training, conferences, conventions, or other meetings your trainees attend, including, for 
example, their salaries, transportation costs, meals, lodging, and other living expenses. (FA § 5)  
 
We may offer additional or refresher training courses from time to time.  Some of these courses may be 
mandatory, and some may be optional.  These courses may be conducted at our headquarters or at any other 
locations selected by the Company.  (FA § 5) 
 
You and/or your employees will be responsible for all personal expenses in connection with all training 
programs, including costs and expenses of transportation, lodging, meals, wages and employee benefits.  We 
may impose reasonable charges for training classes and materials in connection with the training courses.  We 
will notify you of any additional charges before you or your employees enroll in a course. (FA § 5) 
 
All classes are scheduled by advance written notice to all franchisees.  Our class cancellation policies will be 
included in the written notice of class schedules. 
 
The initial franchise location training program is mandatory for you and up to one employee.  The initial 
franchise fee includes the cost of the initial training program for the Franchise Owner and one employee. 
 
You must pay all of the expenses incurred by your trainees or attendees in connection with the initial training 
program at any other training, conferences, conventions, or other meetings your trainees attend, including, for 
example, their salaries, transportation costs, meals, lodging, and other living expenses.   
 
Item 12: TERRITORY 
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  
