 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Court for California, with the specific venue in either court system determined by appropriate jurisdiction 
and venue requirements. 
 
9.      The Franchise Agreement requires a franchisee to sign a general release of claims upon renewal or 
transfer of the Franchise Agreement.  California Corporation Code Section 31512 provides that any 
condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive 
compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder is void.  Section 31512 voids a 
waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 31000 – 
31516).  Business and Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise 
Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043). 
 
10.   California Corporations Code, Section 31125 requires the franchisor to give the franchisee a disclosure 
document, approved by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation prior to a solicitation of a 
proposed material modification of an existing franchise. 
 
11.   Section 11.3 of the Franchise Agreement contains a lost profit clause.  Under Civil Code, Section 1671 
certain liquidated damage clauses are unenforceable. 
 
12.          The URL address of our web site is www.rytechinc.com.  OUR WEB SITE HAS NOT BEEN 
REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION 
AND INNOVATION.  ANY COMPLAINTS CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEB SITE 
MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION AND INNOCATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
 
13. 
Franchisees must obtain the necessary licenses from the California Contractors License Board.  
 
14.  
The highest interest rate permitted by law in California is 10% annually.  
 
15.  
Each owner of the franchise is required to execute a personal guaranty. Doing so could jeopardize 
the marital assets of non-owner spouses domiciled in community property states such as California. 
 
16.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
17.  
Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement 
by the Commissioner.  
 
 
 
