 
 
33 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
 
You must sign up and maintain to the data transmission service set forth in the Manual. 
RYTECH currently uses Mobile Information Collaboration Application (MICA) by BuildFusion 
to transmit data real time from the job site to Rytech Administration Center.  You agree to pay all 
fees We assess for the use of the data transmission service.  The Company reserves the right to 
move to another platform, or add an additional platform, which may result in an increase in the 
upload fees.  Company will give 30 days’ written notice of any changes.   
 
Some third-party vendors require the use of the industry software, Xactimate. If You wish to 
service these vendors, You will need to purchase the required software, which is currently $125 
per month, including all upgrades.   
 
 7.3   Management 
You or Your Designated Manager, if You have one, must devote all of Your or his or her 
productive time and effort required and necessary for the productive and successful management 
and operation of Your Franchised Business and to the promotion of Services within Your Territory 
unless You first obtain our prior written approval. Your Franchised Business must be supervised 
by an individual who has completed the initial training program to RYTECH's reasonable 
satisfaction. For each Office that You operate, You must employ a separate Designated Manager; 
however, overall supervision of each Franchised Business must be provided by You (if You are 
an individual) or a Related Party who holds more than a 10% Beneficial Ownership interest in 
You. 
You must keep RYTECH informed as to the identity of Your Designated Manager. Upon 
the termination of employment of a Designated Manager required by this Agreement, You must 
appoint a successor within 60 days. Any successor Designated Manager must successfully 
complete the initial training program conducted by RYTECH no later than six months after being 
hired. 
7.4 
Employees 
You must maintain at all times a staff of trained employees sufficient to operate Your 
Franchised Business in compliance with the Standards, as provided in the Manual. You are solely 
responsible for, and You shall make clear to Your employees that You (and not RYTECH) are 
responsible for, all decisions relating to Your employees, including hiring, firing, retention, 
promotion, wages, and benefits. You must conduct background checks and drug tests as specified 
in the Manual, on each person working for Your Franchised Business. 
After six months of operation, You must maintain at all times a Marketing Representative.  
The Marketing Representative must meet the requirements as set forth in the Manual.   
