 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        28             
   
  
At our request, you must obtain and deliver executed covenants of confidentiality and non-competition from 
any persons who have or may have an ownership interest in the Franchisee or in the franchise, or who receive 
or have access to training and other information under the System.  The covenants must be in a form 
satisfactory to us and must provide that we are a third-party beneficiary of, and have the independent right to 
enforce, the covenants. 
 
Item 16: RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
You must operate the Franchised Business in strict conformity with all prescribed methods, procedures, 
policies, standards, and specifications of the System, as set forth in the Manual and in writing by us from time 
to time.  You must use the Office only for the operation of the Franchised Business and may not operate any 
other business at or from the Franchised Business without our express prior written consent. 
 
We require you to offer and sell only those goods and services that we have approved.  We maintain a written 
list of approved goods and services in its Manual, which we may change from time to time (see Item 8). 
 
You must offer all goods and services that we designate as required for all franchises.  In addition, we may 
require you to comply with other requirements (such as state or local licenses, training, marketing, insurance) 
before we will allow you to offer certain optional services. 
 
We reserve the right to designate additional required or optional services in the future and to withdraw any of 
its previous approvals.  In that case, you must comply with the new requirements.   
 
See Items 8, 9, 11 and 12 for more information about your obligations and restrictions. 
 
Item 17: RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE 
RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
  Provision  
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement        
  Summary 
a.  Length of the franchise 
term 
Franchise 
Agreement 
("FA") § II 
10 years 
 
 
 
b.  Renewal or extension 
of      the term. 
FA § 4 
You can sign renewal agreements if we approve of the renewal, you 
must notify us at least 180 day before expiration, and comply with 
conditions.  Renewal terms are five years.  
c.  Requirements for  
Franchisee to renew or 
extend. 
FA § 4 
You (and your related parties, if applicable) must: 
a. have substantially complied with the Franchise Agreement; b.  
within 60 days before Renewal, complied with the then-current 
renewal requirements; c.  executed all Renewal Agreements 
