 
 
6 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
support services for any business of the type described in clause (a) of this sentence. For purposes 
of Section 7.11(a) of this Agreement, "Competitive Business" also means (a) a business that 
directly or indirectly derives any revenues from providing any service that RYTECH has under a 
pilot or test program; and (b) any business that offers franchises or provides support services for 
any business described in clause (a) of this sentence. 
 
3.18 
Complainant. "Complainant" means the party that initiates the ADR Process described in 
Section 12.7. 
 
3.19 
Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means any know-how and trade 
secrets (whether or not judicially recognized as a trade secret) and all other information not 
generally known, that have  been developed and/or are owned by RYTECH or any of its Related 
Parties or their officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensees and franchisees, 
including, but not limited to, all Carrier Information or Customer Information, all oral or written 
training, advice, Standards, guidelines and directives furnished by RYTECH in connection with 
this Agreement or Your Franchised Business, all Manuals and other documentation, including 
those on the subjects of employee relations, finance and administration, field operation, purchasing 
and marketing; all information relating to operations of franchisees, all other non-public aspects 
of the System; any password and/or electronic key or other device necessary to access other 
Confidential Information and/or the Rytech Intranet; and all other information RYTECH and/or 
any of its Related Parties provides to or makes available to You and/or Your Related Parties, in 
any form or by any method, for use in the operation of Your Franchised Business under this 
Agreement. 
 
3.20 
Cooperative Advertising Program. "Cooperative Advertising Program" means the 
advertising program described in Section 8.3. 
 
3.21 
Core Services. "Core Services" means the following: Residential and Commercial Water 
Damage Restoration, Applied Structural Drying, Mold Remediation, Demolition (removal of 
affected building materials), Debris Removal, Professional Residential and Commercial Cleaning 
Services including interior and exterior cleaning, Carpet Cleaning, Carpet Cushion Replacement, 
Carpet Re-installation, Moisture Checks, personal contents cleaning, packing, storing and other 
ancillary products and services, and, Onsite Peer Reviews, and any other services we may offer in 
the future our Core Services.  "Core Services" also includes every other Service that RYTECH 
requires franchisees to offer. As RYTECH continues to develop the System, RYTECH may, by 
written notice to You or through changes to the Manual, designate as required Core Services. 
 
3.22 
Covered Individual. "Covered Individual" means any individual who is at the time, or has 
been within the preceding six months, employed in a managerial position by RYTECH, by any 
franchisee, or by any of their respective Related Parties. For purposes of this definition, 
"managerial position" means any position at the level of manager or above, whether employed in 
a Franchised Business, in a multi-unit supervisory position, or in a headquarters staff position (e.g., 
