 
 
38 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
http://www.epic.org/privacv/terrorism/hr3162.html). 
U.S. 
Executive 
Order 
13224 
(text 
athttp://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Documents/), or similar law. You agree that 
neither You nor any of Your Related Parties will violate any such laws. The foregoing constitute 
continuing representations and warranties, and You must notify RYTECH immediately in writing 
of the occurrence of any event or the development of any circumstance that might render any of 
the foregoing representations and warranties false, inaccurate or misleading. Your indemnification 
obligations under Section 9.5 of this Agreement pertain to Your warranties, representations, and 
obligations under this Section 7.8. It is Your responsibility to ascertain what actions You must 
take to comply with the referenced laws. 
7.9 
Confidential Information 
(a) 
You and Your Related Parties acknowledge that RYTECH has developed the 
Confidential Information over time and at great expense, that the Confidential Information 
provides a competitive advantage to You, and that having access to the Confidential Information 
is one of the primary reasons why You have entered into this Agreement. You and Your Related 
Parties acknowledge and agree that the covenants in this Section 9 are reasonable and necessary 
to protect the legitimate business interests of RYTECH with respect to the Confidential 
Information. 
(b) 
Neither You nor any of Your Related Parties will, during the Term or afterward, 
communicate or divulge to, or use for the benefit of, any Person nor, following the Termination 
of this Agreement, use for Your and/or their own benefit, any Confidential Information that may 
be communicated to You or any of Your Related Parties or of which You may be apprised under 
this Agreement. You and Your Related Parties will disclose such Confidential Information only 
to such of Your employees as have a need to know such information to perform their assigned 
duties properly. You and Your Related Parties will take reasonable steps to prevent misuse or 
disclosure of Confidential Information, including protection of any password and/or electronic 
key or other device necessary to access Confidential Information and/or the RYTECH Intranet. 
Neither You any of Your Related Parties will at any time copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise 
reproduce any Confidential Information or make it available to any unauthorized Person. 
The covenants in this Section 7.9 will survive the Termination or Transfer of this 
Agreement or an interest in You or any Related Party and will be perpetually binding upon You 
and each of the Related Parties. 
Each of Your Related Parties must execute and bind themselves to the confidentiality and 
noncompetition covenants set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement and Ancillary Covenants 
Not to Compete that forms Attachment 5 to this Agreement or such other form of agreement that 
RYTECH may use when the Person becomes a Related Party. If You are an Entity or any Related 
Party is an Entity, all of Your and their officers, directors, members, and partners, as applicable, 
must sign a Confidentiality Agreement and Ancillary Covenants not to Compete in the form that 
RYTECH uses when the Person assumes that office or relationship. You will also require that all 
of Your employees who will receive or have access to Confidential Information execute and bind 
