 
 
59 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
(r)  
If You and/or or any of Your Related Parties is party to a Franchise Agreement that 
has been terminated for default; 
(s)  
If You, more than one time during the Term, breach this Agreement by providing 
Services to a Customer or for a Carrier in another franchisee's Territory without that franchisee's 
prior written permission or without RYTECH's prior written permission. 
This Agreement will automatically terminate if You become insolvent, are unable to pay 
Your debts as they become due, make any assignment for the benefit of creditors, are adjudicated 
a bankrupt, or file or have filed against You a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar 
proceeding (that is not dismissed within 30 days). 
11.2   Termination by You 
If You are in full compliance with this Agreement, You may terminate this Agreement if 
RYTECH fails to take reasonable steps to attempt to cure (regardless of whether such attempts 
have been successful) a material breach of this Agreement within 60 days' written notice of the 
default. Termination will be valid only if the conditions of Section 11.3, Rights and Obligations 
Upon Termination, are met in full within the specified time periods.  
11.3   Rights and Obligations Upon Termination 
Upon Termination of this Agreement for any reason, the parties will have the following 
rights and obligations: 
(a) 
In order to assure continuity of Services for Carriers and Customers, You must work 
with RYTECH to arrange for the orderly transition to other franchisees, or, if there are no other 
franchisees in Your market area, to providers identified to and approved by RYTECH. RYTECH's 
approval will be based solely on its determination that the proposed transition is not an attempt to 
circumvent the transfer and/or non-competition covenants of this Agreement. 
(b) 
You must immediately and permanently stop using the System, the Marks or any 
confusingly similar marks, and any advertising, signs, stationery or forms that bear identifying 
marks or colors that might give others the impression that You are operating a Franchised Business 
or that You have ever been affiliated with RYTECH. By signing this Agreement, You irrevocably 
appoint RYTECH Your attorney-in-fact to cancel any such advertising, in any format or medium, 
should You not do so within 7 days after Termination. 
(c) 
You must immediately and permanently stop using the Carrier Information and 
Customer Information and retain no copies, regardless of the format or medium, of the Carrier 
Information or Customer Information except as otherwise required by law or this Section 11.3. 
You must immediately transmit to RYTECH all historical information on Carriers and Customers 
in Your possession. After Termination, You may not use or transfer Carrier Information or 
Customer Information for any purpose except to meet government audit requirements, state 
licensing, or other state requirements. 
(d) 
You must promptly execute any documents and take any steps that in the judgment 
