 
 
 
 
 
 
 
enforceable. 
 
6. Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reﬂect 
the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
7. Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement 
under any grounds permitted under state law. 
8. Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related agreements 
that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason during 
the term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful 
pursuant to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause. 
9. Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for 
more than a fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d). 
 
10. Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to seek 
treble damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the 
franchise agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or 
similar damages are void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement 
after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). 
11. Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its 
reasonable business judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), 
which requires the parties to deal with each other in good faith. 
 
12. Indemniﬁcation. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements 
requiring the franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or 
other parties is hereby modiﬁed such that the franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, 
reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or any other indemniﬁed party for 
losses or liabilities to the extent that they are caused by the indemniﬁed party’s negligence, 
willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud. 
13. Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a franchisee 
to reimburse the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such 
provision applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or 
arbitration proceeding. 
 
14. Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is 
void and unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, 
