 
 
65 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
(b)  
Non-binding mediation under the ADR Process must be concluded within 60 days 
of the date the Designated Mediator is agreed upon in writing (or selected through JAMS, Inc. or 
the comparable mediation service) or such longer period as may be agreed upon by the parties in 
writing. The Complainant and the Respondent shall each bear their own costs of mediation, and 
each shall bear one-half the cost of the mediator, including any mediation service fees. 
12.7.4  
Arbitration 
If the Dispute is not resolved through mediation, then, except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, the Dispute (including the enforceability of this arbitration provision and the 
arbitrability of any Dispute) must be settled by binding arbitration through JAMS, Inc. (and if 
JAMS, Inc. is no longer operational, a comparable arbitration service) and the procedures for 
selecting the arbitrator shall be those of JAMS, Inc. (or, if applicable, of the comparable arbitration 
service) in effect at the time. The arbitration must be brought in the city where RYTECH's principal 
place of business is then located. Only disputes brought by the parties to this Agreement may be 
resolved in the arbitration and no claims brought by a class or claims by Persons other than the 
parties to this Agreement will be heard. The parties will jointly select one arbitrator from the panel 
of arbitrators maintained by JAMS, Inc. (or, if applicable, the comparable arbitration service). The 
arbitrator must (a) be a senior lawyer or a retired judge, (b) have at least 5 years' experience in 
franchising or franchise law, and (c) have no prior social, business, or professional relationship 
with any party. If the parties are not able to agree on the sole arbitrator within 30 days after notice 
of arbitration has been provided by either party, unless such time is extended by the parties, then 
the parties must apply to JAMS, Inc. (or, if applicable, the comparable arbitration service) to 
designate and appoint the sole arbitrator. Discovery under the arbitration will be limited to the 
following for each side: a) six depositions totaling 12 hours; b) six interrogatories each consisting 
of no more than 12 questions (with no subparts); and c) six document requests. The discovery may 
also be limited in any other manner as specified by the arbitrator, who will limit discovery to the 
greatest extent possible consistent with basic fairness. If proper notice of any hearing has been 
given, the arbitrator will have full power to proceed to take evidence or to perform any other acts 
necessary to arbitrate the matter in the absence of any party who fails to appear and the arbitrator 
may render a decision. The arbitrator will have no power to 1) stay the effectiveness of any pending 
Termination of this Franchise Agreement; 2) assess punitive damages against either party; or 3) 
make any award that extends, modifies or suspends any lawful provision of this Agreement or any 
of the standards of business conduct, performance, or operations established by RYTECH. All 
expenses of arbitration must be paid by the party against which the arbitrator renders a decision; 
if each party prevails on one or more claims, the arbitrator shall apportion the expenses of 
arbitration. The decision in writing of the arbitrator will be (a) in the English language, (b) final 
and binding, and (c) reasonably detailed and will include the arbitrator's findings. Either party may 
apply to any court having jurisdiction for an order confirming, or to enforce, the award. A notice 
of arbitration will not operate to stay, postpone or rescind the effectiveness of any demand for 
performance or notice of termination under this Agreement. 
