 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        15             
systems. You must access these system(s) to submit job data and/or manage jobs when required. Current 
systems(s) include DocuSign, Matterport, Nextgear, MICA, Verisk Xactanalysis, Xactanalysis-SP and 
Xactimate, CoreLogic Claims Connect and Mobile Claims, and Encircle. Standard field software and 
transaction fees are listed in Item 6 and Attachment 2b to the Franchise Agreement and are paid via RyPay.  
Franchisees must purchase and/or pay maintenance and upgrade costs when additional systems are required. 
The required systems are subject to change.    
 
Third Party Administrators. Some of Rytech's carriers engage the services of third party administrators (TPA) 
to manage their property restoration service providers. TPA's typically charge a percentage of the total amount 
invoiced for each job, and typically apply the fees and issue remaining balance at time of payment to Rytech. 
Additionally, some TPA's will charge in addition to the percentage a transaction fee. Franchisees are not 
required to engage the services of carriers that use TPA to manage their property restoration service providers.  
 
IICRC Certifications.  As a Rytech franchisee, you are responsible to ensure all of your field technicians 
obtain proper IICRC certification prior to that employee offering services. Minimum IICRC certifications 
required for a water mitigation technician are the WRT/ASD certifications; for fire and smoke are the FSRT 
certifications. Should your operation offer mold remediation services it is required that field technicians hold 
an IICRC certification of AMRT. All owners are required to have IICRC Certifications in WRT/ASD/AMRT. 
There may be additional certifications required from time to time for authorized Additional Services.  
 
Background Checks. Rytech requires all of your franchise employees to have a criminal background check 
run prior to employment. Rytech has partnered with a qualified background check firm that will meet all 
carrier and TPA standards to ensure your franchise background searches meet all program criteria. Your 
franchise will establish an account with the background search provider, and pay the background check fees 
directly to the provider. No persons may work on a Rytech job or have access to Rytech information if that 
person has been convicted of a felony within the last 7 years or does not meet carrier requirements.  
 
Profile Gorilla. Rytech currently utilizes Profile Gorilla as a compliance management software. There are 
currently no charges to the franchisee to use this software and all franchises are required to use this platform 
to store important credentialing and compliance information such as, IICRC Certifications, Licenses, 
Insurance COI's, Criminal Background check requests, and other important information about your franchise. 
Some carrier clients and TPA's work directly with Profile Gorilla as their compliance manager which allows 
your franchise to seamlessly onboard with carrier and TPA programs that are partnered with Profile Gorilla. 
Rytech may choose to charge a fee for use of this software in the future. 
 
NetSuite. Rytech currently requires the use of NetSuites accounting software by all franchisees.    
 
DocuSign.  Rytech currently requires DocuSign for the execution of customer contracts. You will be required 
to pay a monthly fee which will be taken out via RyPay.  
 
Wizer Info. Security Training: Wizer program is a comprehensive security awareness training platform 
designed to educate employees on best practices for maintaining information security and preventing security 
threats. 
 
There are no approved suppliers in which an officer of the franchisor owns an interest.   
 
Specifications and Standards.   
 
