 
 
12 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
3.69 
System. "System" means the distinctive business system developed and owned by 
RYTECH, as such may be developed, changed, and modified from time to time, including all of 
the Confidential Information, Services, vendor arrangements, business methods, methods of 
operation, Standards, technical knowledge, trade secrets, purchasing arrangements, advertising 
materials, marketing concepts and strategies, information on sources of supply, administrative 
procedures, business forms, and employee training techniques. 
 
3.70 
Term.  "Term" means the term of the Franchise Agreement as set forth in Section 4.4.1, 
Term. 
 
3.71 
Termination. "Termination" means expiration of this Agreement; non-renewal of this 
Agreement; or termination, under the circumstances described in Article 11 of this Agreement, of 
the then-current Term before its normal expiration date. 
 
3.72 
Territory. "Territory" means a fixed geographical area within which RYTECH authorizes 
a franchisee to provide Services to Customers or Carriers. The Territory assigned to You is set 
forth in Attachment 1 to this Agreement and is referred to in this Agreement as "Your Territory." 
If You provide Services in an Open Area under the terms set forth in this Agreement, the Open 
Area does not become part of Your Territory. 
 
3.73 
Transfer. "Transfer" means any sale, gift, assignment, conveyance, pledge, encumbrance, 
or other direct or indirect lien or change in ownership, whether voluntary or by operation of law, 
of all or any part of: 1) the rights and/or obligations under this Agreement, 2) any Beneficial 
Ownership in the Franchised Business, and/or 3) any Beneficial Ownership interest in You. 
 
3.74 
Transfer Fee. "Transfer Fee" means a fee equal to Fifteen percent (15%) of the then-
current Initial Franchise Fee to be paid to RYTECH in the event of a Transfer. 
 
4. GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
4.1 
Granting Clause 
RYTECH grants to You, and You accept from RYTECH, a Franchise to operate a 
Franchised Business within Your Territory under the Marks and System and in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement.  
4.2 
Territory 
4.2.1 
Geographic Restrictions on Your Activities 
You may provide Services only within Your Territory. You may not otherwise, directly or 
indirectly, perform work, market or solicit to Customers and/or Carriers outside Your Territory 
by any means except as otherwise provided in Section 4.2.3. Open Areas, or unless RYTECH 
