 
 
56 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
approval all materials proposed for use in any registration statement, prospectus, or similar 
offering circular or memorandum. You shall not imply (by use of the Marks or otherwise) that 
RYTECH or any of its Affiliates or Related Parties is participating in an underwriting, issuance, 
or offering of Your securities or of RYTECH securities, and You shall include any disclaimer to 
that effect that RYTECH may require. RYTECH's review of the materials and/or any offering shall 
be limited solely to the subject of the relationship between You and RYTECH, and its consent 
under this Section 10.8, if granted, does not imply or constitute its approval of the fact or method 
of financing, the offering literature submitted to RYTECH, or any other aspect of the offering. 
You and the other participants in the offering must fully indemnify RYTECH in connection with 
the offering. For each proposed offering, You must reimburse RYTECH for its reasonable costs 
and expenses associated with reviewing the proposed offering, including legal and accounting 
fees. You shall give RYTECH written notice at least 30 days before the date of commencement of 
any offering or other transaction covered by this Section 10.8. 
10.9 
Assignment by RYTECH 
RYTECH may assign its interest in this Agreement, any rights or obligations created by it, 
any or all ownership interests in RYTECH, and/or all or substantially all of the assets of RYTECH 
at any time without Your consent. RYTECH will require the assignee of this Agreement to 
undertake to assume RYTECH's obligations to You under this Agreement. 
10.10 Security Interests 
You shall grant no security interest in any of Your assets unless You have RYTECH's prior 
written permission and unless the secured party agrees that, in the event of any default by You 
under any documents related to the security interest, RYTECH will have the right to purchase the 
rights of the secured party upon payment of all sums then due to the secured party. 
10.11 Lead Fee. 
 
You agree to pay RYTECH a Lead Fee equal to ten thousand dollars ($10,000) if Rytech 
refers or locates the Transferee to you or your owners. This fee must be paid to Rytech in full prior 
to the closing of the transfer. 
 
11. TERMINATION OF FRANCHISE 
11.1   Termination by RYTECH 
11.1.1 Notice of Default 
You will be in default under this Agreement and RYTECH may, at its option and in addition 
to any other remedies it may have, terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the 
defaults set forth in Section 11.1.2. Termination of Your Franchise will be effective automatically, 
without further action or notice by RYTECH, 30 days after written notice of default and 
termination is given to You if any of the defaults described in subsections (a) through (f) below 
