 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        20             
with local ordinances, completing delivery and installation of equipment and signs, and procuring opening 
inventory.   
    
3. 
Obligations During The Operation Of The Franchise.  After the opening of the Franchised 
Business, we are obligated under the Agreement to make available to you, or assist you in obtaining the 
following: 
 
 
A. 
On-site assistance for a period of time after the opening of the Franchised Business.  (FA, §5, 
7). 
 
 
B. 
Access to continuing courses of training, at times and locations designated by the Company.  
(FA, § 5, 7). 
 
 
C. 
Initial and subsequent inspections of the Franchised Business, as we consider advisable.  (FA, 
§ 5, 7). 
 
 
D. 
Updated lists of approved items of equipment, fixtures, inventory, and supplies (by brand 
name and/or by standards and specifications) and updated lists of approved suppliers for those items.  (FA, § 
5, 7). 
 
 
E. 
Periodic advice and guidance through meetings, printed materials and other forms of 
communication, as we make available to all franchisees regarding the System from time to time.  (FA, § 5, 
7). 
 
 
F. 
Provide you with our administrative support through our affiliate, Rytech Admin Services, 
LLC, as set forth in our Operations Manual. (FA, § 5,7). 
 
 
G. 
Provide you access to the Mobile Data Transfer Platform. (FA § 5,7). 
 
 
H. 
Except for training in estimating software platforms, we do not assist you in establishing 
pricing.  
 
 
4. 
Advertising Programs.   
 
Local Advertising. You must spend the greater of $1,000 or 4% of Gross Revenue monthly on local 
advertising that we have approved in the Manual or otherwise in writing and that conforms to Standards. You 
may develop advertising materials for your own use, at your own cost.  However, you may not use any 
advertising materials unless they have been approved, in advance, in writing by us.  There is no advertising 
council composed of franchisees.  The company units are required to spend the greater of $1,000 or 4% of 
Gross Revenues on local advertising.  (FA § 8) 
 
You may be required to submit to us, at least 30 days prior to its implementation, a local advertising and 
marketing plan each fiscal year by which you intend to market your Rytech Office during the next 12-month 
period. (FA § 8) 
 
National Advertising Fund. We require you to participate in a National Advertising Fund.  All franchisee and 
company stores are required to make monthly contributions to the National Advertising Fund, in the amount 
of no less than 1%, but no more than 3%, of gross revenues. Our affiliate, Rytech, Inc. administers the National 
