 
 
22 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
6. PAYMENTS BY FRANCHISEE 
6.1    Initial Franchise Fee 
  
You must pay us an Initial Franchise Fee when you sign this Agreement. The initial 
franchise fee is $60,000 for a population between 300,000 and 400,000.  After a population of 
400,000 is reached, each additional person acquired shall be 20 cents per person. This fee is fully 
earned and non-refundable.   
 
If you seek to open an additional franchise as an expansion you must pay an Initial 
Franchise Fee.  You must also meet our then-current expansion qualification and provide us with 
certain additional requirements. 
6.2  
Royalty Fee and Gross Revenue Reports 
 
On the 15th of each calendar month beginning the month following the Start Date and 
continuing throughout the Term, You will pay to RYTECH, through the EFT process unless the 
Royalty Fee has been deducted from Gross Revenues paid to RYTECH directly for Your Services 
and Products in Your Territory. You must pay eight percent (8%) of Your Gross Revenues or a 
monthly minimum royalty of $2,000 per month. The minimum royalty is waived for Your first 
twelve months of operation if You remain in Good Standing under this Agreement.  
 
 
(i)       You will pay a Royalty Fee of eight percent (8%) on Your Franchised Business's 
Gross Revenue for the immediately preceding calendar month. This revenue-based royalty 
structure is not a representation or suggestion as to what level of Gross Revenue You may, or are 
likely to, obtain through operation of Your Franchised Business. 
 
 
(ii)   
RYTECH will deduct all fees due by You from payments made directly to 
RYTECH for Your Services and Products in Your Territory under its RyPay program. The Royalty 
Fees calculated from payments made directly to You must be paid to RYTECH by the fifteen day 
of the month following the month the Royalty Fees accrue.  RYTECH may suspend dispersement 
to you of disputed payments pending investigation of a file. 
6.3 
Gross Revenue Reports.  
If requested by Rytech, no later than the fifth day of each month following the Start Date (or on 
the next Business Day, if the fifth day is not a Business Day) and continuing throughout the Term, 
You will transmit to RYTECH a Gross Revenue report, in the form specified by RYTECH in the 
Manual, itemizing Gross Revenue for the preceding month even if You owe only the Minimum 
Royalty Fee. The Gross Revenue report may require certain other information that RYTECH 
deems advisable, such as breakdown of revenue by the type of Services provided.  You will 
transmit Gross Revenue reports via e-mail, fax or such other method of delivery that RYTECH 
designates in the Manual or otherwise in writing. If You fail to timely transmit the Gross Revenue 
report to RYTECH, RYTECH may debit from Your designated bank account by EFT on estimated 
Royalty Fees in an amount equal to 120% of the Royalty Fee collected for the preceding month 
