 
 
34 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
7.5 
Financial. Operational and Other Information 
7.5.1 
Financial Records 
You must maintain the financial books and records of Your Franchised Business in the 
manner RYTECH directs and retain these records, and all Customer Agreements, for at least seven 
years. You must retain Customer records as required by applicable law,  and You must maintain 
other records, including caregiver and employment records, as required by applicable law. 
7.5.2 
Financial Reports 
 
(a) You must prepare and submit all reports and Financial Statements in the form and at the 
times specified in this Agreement or in the Manual. 
(b) You must submit to RYTECH, within 30 days after filing, copies of each of Your federal 
and state income tax returns or, if You are an individual franchisee, the business portion of 
Your federal income tax returns. RYTECH will use this data to, among other things, 
confirm that You are complying with Your obligations under this Agreement and to 
formulate earnings, revenue and expense information to disclose to current and prospective 
franchisees. 
(c) Within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year during the Term, You will provide 
RYTECH a complete set of Your Financial Statements as of the end of the fiscal year and 
for the year then ended. These Financial Statements need not be audited, although any 
Financial Statements must be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, consistently applied, and certified as true, complete and correct by You or Your 
Chief Financial Officer. 
(d) You will submit to RYTECH, within 20 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter during 
the Term, Your profit and loss statement for the preceding Fiscal Quarter. Each such 
statement must be in the form prescribed by RYTECH and may be unaudited, but must be 
certified as true, complete and correct by You or Your Chief Financial Officer. 
(e) You will submit to RYTECH the Gross Revenue report in a form required by RYTECH.   
(f) If You are an Entity for which separate Financial Statements and/or tax returns are not 
required to be prepared (for example, You are a subsidiary of an Entity for which only 
consolidated Financial Statements must be prepared or tax returns must be filed), You shall 
provide to RYTECH those books, records, separate tax schedules and/or work papers 
relating to Your assets, liabilities, and operations as RYTECH may reasonably request. 
(g) If You operate another business that is collateral to the RYTECH franchised business, you 
must provide RYTECH with a copy of your Financial Statements and Tax Returns upon 
written request by RYTECH. For example, if you operate a general contracting business, 
you must provide RYTECH with a copy of your Financial Statements and Tax Returns for 
the general contracting business upon request.  
7.5.3 
Operational Reports and Information 
You must send RYTECH duplicate copies of operational reports and other information as 
