 
 
48 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
8.5 
Advertising Materials 
 
You will submit to RYTECH copies of all advertising materials not provided by RYTECH 
that You propose to use at least three weeks before the first time they are broadcast or published. 
RYTECH will review the materials and will notify You within 14 days whether it approves or 
rejects them. RYTECH may not withhold its approval unreasonably. For purposes of this 
paragraph, advertising materials that differ in text from previously approved materials only in such 
variables as date or price will be considered to be previously approved but they must continue to 
meet Standards for quality. Even if RYTECH has approved specified materials, it may later 
withdraw its approval if it reasonably believes it necessary to make the advertising conform to 
changes in the System (including changes to brand and advertising Standards) or to correct 
unacceptable features of the advertising, including any misuse of the Marks or misrepresentation 
in the advertising material, and You must immediately cease to use the disapproved materials. 
RYTECH may require You to submit to it a tear sheet of any advertisement You run. 
 
Copyrights to all advertising and promotional materials that contain any of the Marks will 
belong solely to RYTECH, regardless of the party that created the materials. Further, RYTECH's 
Website and all material on RYTECH's Website, including all text, photographs, graphics, 
artwork, sound, video and other materials, as well as all derivative works, will be considered 
advertising and promotional materials and will therefore be owned solely by RYTECH. You will 
execute all documents required by RYTECH to confirm this ownership. 
 
RYTECH may require that any third party You choose to assist You with advertising 
efforts sign a license agreement governing the third party's use of the Marks on Your behalf. 
 
RYTECH shall have the right to access any marketing and promotional campaigns, 
including but not limited to Google Ads, online review sites, digital campaigns, social media 
posts, podcasts, Twitter, YouTube and other such vehicles for marketing and promotional 
advertising.  
8.6 
RYTECH Intranet 
RYTECH may establish, and at its option may maintain, the RYTECH Intranet, through 
which RYTECH, its franchisees, and other authorized Persons may communicate with each other 
and through which RYTECH may disseminate updates to the Manual and other Confidential 
Information. RYTECH will have no obligation to maintain the RYTECH Intranet indefinitely but 
may discontinue it at any time without liability to You. 
RYTECH will establish Standards for the Intranet's use. These Standards will be set forth 
in the Operations Manual. You agree to comply with these Standards. You acknowledge that, as 
administrator of the RYTECH Intranet, RYTECH can and may access and view any 
communication that any Person posts on the RYTECH Intranet. You further acknowledge that the 
RYTECH Intranet facility and all communications that are posted to it will become RYTECH's 
property, free of any claims of privacy or privilege that You or any other Person may assert. If 
You are not in Good Standing or if You fail to comply with any Standards governing the RYTECH 
