 
 
36 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
• 
Employer’s Liability limits of $1,000,000 
• 
Deductibles may not exceed $10,000 and must be listed on COI 
Contractor Pollution Liability (CPL), including mold: 
• 
$1,000,000 Liability limit Each Pollution Event 
• 
Ensure Coverage includes: 
✓ Mold and Bacteria Coverage – No Sub Limits 
✓ Primary & Non-Contributory Coverage 
✓ Ongoing and Completed Operations Coverage 
✓ Products and Completed Operations Liability 
✓ Contractual Liability with no employee exclusion 
✓ Transportation of hazardous materials 
• 
No exclusions/restrictions are allowed for: 
✓ Losses related to mold, bacteria, lead, silica, asbestos, or contaminated drywall; 
Claims from additions or remodeling projects; Residential or habitation; Coverage 
for work performed by subcontractors; Impaired Property 
Bailees: 
• 
$250,000 minimum limit for personal property of others in your care, custody or control. 
• 
“In Transit” Limit must be noted on the Insurance Certificate. 
• 
Can be covered under the liability policy. 
Umbrella/Excess Liability (Recommended):  
• 
$1,000,000 limit Each Occurrence / $2,000,000 Aggregate 
(a) 
Any other insurance that may be required by the statutes or other laws of the state, 
and any local governmental entity in which the Rytech Office is located and operated, or any 
insurer-client program, Third-Party Administrated (TPA) program, Managed Vendor Program, or 
other programs in which Franchise Owner may participate. 
All insurance (except for the worker's compensation insurance) must name RYTECH, 
RyBrands, Inc., Rytech Admin Services and “any other company who hires franchisee to 
perform work on their behalf” as an additional insured. Insurances must be obtained from an 
"A" or better rated insurance company registered in the jurisdiction or jurisdictions that include 
any part of Your Territory and any Open Area in which You provide Services or sell or lease 
Products. RYTECH may increase the amounts of coverage required under those insurance policies 
and require different or additional kinds of insurance at any time, to reflect inflation, additional 
types of risks identified, or other changes in circumstance, by including the new requirements in 
the Manual. Each insurance policy required under this Agreement must contain a provision that 
the policy cannot be canceled without at least ten days written notice to RYTECH. You must 
deliver a certificate of the issuing insurance company evidencing each policy to RYTECH within 
ten days after the policy is issued or renewed. If You fail to provide the required insurance 
coverages upon written notice to You by RYTECH, RYTECH may, but need not, obtain insurance 
policies sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in the Manual and You must 
promptly reimburse RYTECH for the cost of the insurance premiums and any administrative costs 
or expenses related to RYTECH's obtaining the insurance. 
