 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        14             
equipment, supplies, etc. was $0 of our total revenue of $4,890,117. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 
2024, our affiliate Rytech Admin Services, LLC.’s. revenue from Franchisees’ required purchase of 
administrative services was $5,721,199.  
 
We estimate that the required purchases described above are estimated to be 5%-11% of a Franchisee's total 
initial investment and 15%-20% of a Franchisee's annual operating expenses. 
 
Approved Suppliers.   
 
You will be required to purchase certain products and/or services only from suppliers that we approve. These 
items currently include equipment, supplies, inventory, tools and other products and materials required for the 
operation of the Franchised Business. We have the right to require you at any time to purchase other products 
and/or services only from suppliers that we approve. In addition, you must make the following purchases from 
suppliers that we have approved: 
 
Equipment and Supply Package. Prior to opening the franchise, you are obligated to acquire all of the 
equipment and supplies as noted on in the Attachment 2 to the Franchise Agreement (“Initial Equipment and 
Supply Package”).  If you already have Initial Equipment and Supplies, the equipment must be approved for 
use in your Rytech franchise prior to opening.  You must purchase the Initial Equipment and Supply Package, 
and any part of it from approved suppliers or us. You must purchase any replacement equipment, inventory 
and supplies from approved suppliers. We maintain written lists of approved items of equipment, inventory 
and supplies (by brand name and/or by standards and specifications) and lists of approved suppliers for those 
items.  We update these lists from time to time and issue the updated lists to all Franchisees.  We will furnish 
its standards and specifications, as well as its criteria for supplier approval, to Franchisees on request, but only 
on a confidential basis.  All suppliers and approved vendors will be listed in the Manual, which must always 
be followed, even as modified by us from time to time. 
 
If you desire to purchase any items from an unapproved supplier, you or the supplier must submit to us a 
written request for approval.  Our approval will not be unreasonably withheld but must be obtained in writing.  
We reserve the right to require that a representative be permitted to inspect the supplier's facilities and those 
samples from the supplier be delivered to us or our designee for testing.  We may, from time to time, re-
inspect the facilities and products of any previously approved supplier and may revoke its approval if the 
supplier fails to meet any of our standards and specifications at any time. Our decision will be made within 
60 days, and time involved in inspection and assessment will be at an hourly rate of $150 not to exceed $2,500 
plus the actual costs incurred in inspection and product assessment. 
 
Rytech Training Portal-Rytech U- Each Franchise will pay our then-current fee for use of the Rytech Training 
Portal. Currently, the charge is $115.00 per quarter.  Our Rytech Training Portal is mandatory.  Rytech 
Training Portal allows your franchise to leverage the vast library of IICRC training content as well as access 
to mandatory and customized training modules that are required by Rytech. An added benefit of using Rytech 
Training Portal, allows a technician to satisfy his/her IICRC continuing education credits. 
 
Computer and Office Systems.  You are required to purchase certain computer and office systems. You should 
have certain types of software including, but not limited to, word processing, photo viewing and transmitting. 
The estimated cost of this equipment is $5,000 - $10,000.  The estimated annual costs of maintenance, 
upgrading the estimating software is $1,000 - $2,000 per year.  
 
Field Software.  Insurance carriers and third-party programs often require processing within cloud based 
