 
 
27 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
7.2    Quality Control 
7.2.1 
Training 
An individual with ownership in You, as well as Your Designated Manager, if any, must 
complete RYTECH's initial training, to RYTECH's satisfaction, within 60 days after execution of 
this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.1, Training.   
You must pay any costs associated to third party certification or similar entities for each 
individual You send to the full initial training program or to the portions of that program that 
include certification courses.  
You, as the owner of a Rytech Franchised Business, and any technician(s) employed by you 
must be certified by the most current IICRC training courses and adhere to the following prior to 
attending our Initial Training Program: ANSI /IICRC S500, Standard and Reference Guide for 
Professional Water Damage Restoration when performing Applied Structural Drying; 
ANSI/IICRC S520, Standard and Reference Guide for Professional Mold Remediation, R520 
when performing Mold Remediation projects.  In addition, you must adhere to the following: 
IICRC S100, Standard and Reference Guide for Professional Carpet Cleaning, when performing 
carpet cleaning; RIA Guidelines for Fire & Smoke Damage Repair; CRI (Carpet and Rug Institute) 
Carpet Installation Standard, when Carpet is re-installed and cushion replaced. We reserve the 
right to require additional certifications in the future. At Your expense, You and/or, as RYTECH 
requires, Your Designated Manager and/or other employees shall also attend such courses, 
seminars, and other training programs as RYTECH may require from time to time. 
For all training other than initial training You will pay the training fee, if any, charged by 
RYTECH; in addition, RYTECH may also require You to pay reasonable travel expenses for the 
instructors. You will also pay all expenses incurred by You and/or any other person who attends 
any training in connection with Your Franchised Business, including the costs of transportation, 
lodging, meals, and any wages. 
7.2.2 
Beginning Operations 
You must be ready to, and begin offering to, provide the Services and Products by the Start 
Date. You may not offer or provide Services until all of the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
You and/or Your Designated Manager have completed initial training (including 
IICRC training), as required by RYTECH in accordance with Section 7.2.1, Training. 
(b) 
You have at least one Marketing Representative. 
(c) 
You have obtained insurance and provided a certificate of insurance to RYTECH, 
all as required by Section 7.6, Insurance. 
(d) 
You have complied with all licensure requirements for Your Franchised Business 
and provided a copy of any required license to RYTECH. 
(e) 
You and all required  personnel successfully complete all certification training that 
