 
 
29 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
7.2.5 
Services and Products Offered 
You may offer and provide to Your Carriers and Customers only the Services that 
RYTECH has authorized You to provide and only under the Marks. You must obtain any required 
licenses. You must offer and provide all Core Services as defined by RYTECH.  
 
Upon RYTECH's express written authorization and consent, which it may withhold in its 
sole judgment, as approved in writing by RYTECH and any related documents required by 
RYTECH, You may also provide those Additional Services described in the Additional Services 
Addendum. In addition, You may also provide such ancillary services as RYTECH may approve 
in the Manual. As RYTECH develops and modifies the System, RYTECH may designate in the 
Manual as Core Services new Services related to the System and/or certain Services that were 
formerly Additional Services, and You agree that You will offer and provide those Core Services 
within 90 days following RYTECH's notice of designation of new Core Services, or such longer 
time period as RYTECH may permit. You may offer and/or provide absolutely no other services 
in connection with Your Franchised Business. You may not provide Services through an 
Independent Contractor or any Person other than an employee. 
You may offer, sell, and/or lease under the Marks only the Products and Equipment that 
RYTECH has approved for You to offer, sell, and/or lease.  
7.2.6  Sourcing 
(a) 
You acknowledge that RYTECH is, at the time of execution of this Agreement, the 
designated supplier of the Initial Equipment Package.  Unless otherwise approved by RYTECH 
in writing, You must purchase all of the Initial Equipment Package from RYTECH. RYTECH can 
designate any third party to provide the Initial Equipment Package to You.  
(b) 
RYTECH may limit the number of approved suppliers, designate sole sources that 
You must use for some or all items or services, and/or refuse to give You permission to use other 
suppliers if RYTECH believes that this action is in the best interests of the Network. RYTECH 
has the unlimited right to approve or disapprove the suppliers that may be permitted to sell 
products or services to You and may at any time withdraw its designation or approval of a supplier. 
RYTECH and/or its Affiliates may be approved or designated suppliers to You and they may, and 
have the right to, realize a profit on any items or services they supply to You. If RYTECH 
designates any approved or sole suppliers, You must use those suppliers. 
(c) 
Aside from Initial Equipment Package (which must be purchased from RYTECH 
or, if it permits, its designated supplier), if You would like to use in Your Franchised Business any 
item (regardless of whether it would bear the Marks) or any service that You desire to purchase 
from a supplier not previously approved by RYTECH, You must obtain RYTECH's prior written 
consent and, upon RYTECH's request, give RYTECH the supplier's contact information. Within 
a reasonable time (not to exceed 30 days), RYTECH will communicate to You and, as it deems 
appropriate, the supplier, either RYTECH's approval or its reasons for withholding its approval. 
RYTECH's silence may not be construed as consent. As a condition of approving a supplier of any 
product that bears the Marks, RYTECH may require that the supplier execute RYTECH's license 
