 
 
53 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
10. TRANSFER 
10.1 
Conditions for Approval of Transfer 
RYTECH's grant of this Franchise is made in reliance upon Your integrity, ability, 
experience and financial resources, if You are an Individual, and/or those of Your Related Parties, 
if You are an Entity. No Transfer may be made unless You have first obtained RYTECH's written 
consent. To ensure that no Transfer jeopardizes the Marks, the Network, or RYTECH's interest in 
the successful operation of Your Franchised Business, RYTECH will consent to a Transfer only if 
RYTECH has met with the prospective transferee, received and accepted the terms and conditions 
of the proposed Transfer, and You and/or the transferor, as required by RYTECH, have complied 
with the provisions of this Franchise Agreement. 
10.2 
Notice of Proposed Transfer 
For any proposed Transfer, You must submit to RYTECH: a) the form of prospective 
franchisee application then in use by RYTECH, including any required attachments, completed by 
the prospective transferee; b) a written notice, describing all the terms and conditions of the 
proposed Transfer; and c) any other information RYTECH may request in order to evaluate the 
proposed Transfer and the proposed transferee. 
10.3   Consent by RYTECH 
RYTECH will respond in writing to Your written notice (a) within 30 days after receiving 
it, or, (b) if RYTECH requests additional information, within 30 days after receipt of such 
additional information. RYTECH may either consent to the Transfer, tell You the reason for 
refusing to consent, or exercise its right of first refusal as set forth in Section 10.7. Silence may 
not be construed as consent. If RYTECH consents to the Transfer, then, upon payment of the 
Transfer Fee and execution of documents evidencing the Transfer as RYTECH may require, You 
may transfer the interest described in the notice only to the named transferee and only upon the 
terms and conditions stated in the notice. Consent by RYTECH to a particular Transfer will not 
constitute consent to any other or subsequent Transfer, and its consent shall not constitute a waiver 
of any claims it may have against the transferring party or a waiver of RYTECH's right to demand 
full compliance by the transferee with any of the terms of this Agreement. 
10.4   Conditions for Consent to Transfer 
The consent of RYTECH is subject to certain conditions, including but not limited to: 
(a) 
Satisfaction of RYTECH that the proposed transferee meets all of the criteria of 
character, business experience, financial responsibility, net worth and other standards that 
RYTECH customarily applies to new franchisees at the time of Transfer and that the proposed 
transferee and its affiliates are not competitors of franchisees and/or of RYTECH; 
(b) 
Payment of all Your outstanding debts to RYTECH and to Your trade creditors; 
