 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        17             
• 
Ensure Coverage includes: 
✓ Mold and Bacteria Coverage – No Sub Limits 
✓ Primary & Non-Contributory Coverage 
✓ Ongoing and Completed Operations Coverage 
✓ Products and Completed Operations Liability 
✓ Contractual Liability with no employee exclusion 
✓ Transportation of hazardous materials 
• 
No exclusions/restrictions are allowed for: 
✓ Losses related to mold, bacteria, lead, silica, asbestos, or contaminated drywall; Claims 
from additions or remodeling projects; Residential or habitation; Coverage for work 
performed by subcontractors; Impaired Property 
Bailees: 
• 
$250,000 minimum limit for personal property of others in your care, custody or control. 
• 
“In Transit” Limit must be noted on the Insurance Certificate. 
• 
Can be covered under the liability policy. 
Umbrella/Excess Liability (Recommended):  
• 
$1,000,000 limit Each Occurrence / $2,000,000 Aggregate 
 
Rytech Franchising, Inc. is not responsible for the Franchisee’s Business, Personal Property, Tools, or 
Equipment Coverage. Many TPA Programs and carrier managed programs may require additional 
coverage(s). We reserve the right to modify the insurance requirements as needed or as necessary to meet 
the requirements of an insurer program.   
 
Advertising Specifications.  You must obtain our approval before you use any advertising and promotional 
materials, whether printed or electric format, signs, forms and stationery unless we have prepared or approved 
them during the 12 months prior to their proposed use.  You may purchase advertising and promotional 
materials, brochures, fliers, forms, business cards and letterhead from us.  We include some of these materials 
as part of the Equipment and Supply Package that you will purchase from us after you sign the Franchise 
Agreement and prior to your opening the Franchised Business (See Attachment 2 to the Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
You must not engage in any advertising of your Franchised Business unless we have previously approved the 
medium, content and method.   
 
Magnitude of Required Purchases or Leases And Cooperatives 
 
We do not provide you with any material benefits, such as renewal of your franchise, or grant you additional 
franchises based on your purchase of particular products or services or your use of any particular approved 
supplier.  
 
We have no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. 
 
 
Item 9: FRANCHISEE'S OBLIGATIONS 
 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  It will help you 
find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other items of this 
disclosure document.    
