 
 
4 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
3. DEFINITIONS 
For purposes of this Agreement, when any of the following words and phrases begins with a capital 
letter, its meaning is defined in this Article 3: 
 
3.1 
AAA. "AAA" means the American Arbitration Association. 
 
3.2 
Additional Services. "Additional Services" means those services other than Core Services 
that RYTECH authorizes franchisees to offer and provide. The Additional Services that RYTECH 
authorizes You to perform in accordance with this Agreement, if any, must be set forth in writing. 
As RYTECH continues to develop the System, RYTECH may, by written notice to You or by 
amendment to the Manual, designate as Core Services that were originally Additional Services 
under this Agreement.    
 
3.3 
ADR Process. "ADR Process" means the process set forth in Section 11.7 for resolution 
of Disputes between the parties. 
 
3.4 
Administrative Services.  “Administrative Services” means certain administrative 
services performed either by Rytech Admin Services, LLC or another Rytech authorized provider 
as designated by the Company for Your Franchised Business as set forth in the Operations Manual, 
including call center and assignment dispatch, estimates creation, job invoicing, and assistance 
with account collections, credentialing and software setup. You are responsible for all your 
bookkeeping, software expenses, bank accounts, payroll and collections.  
   
3.5 
Administrative Fee. “Administrative Fee” means the fee You pay for the Administrative 
Services.  
 
3.6 
Affiliate. "Affiliate" means an Entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with another Entity. 
 
3.7 
Agreement. "Agreement" means this Franchise Agreement, including any amendments, 
exhibits and other attachments. 
 
3.8 
Allowances. "Allowances" means marketing allowances, rebates, credits, monies, 
payments or benefits offered by suppliers. "Allowances" excludes payments for services rendered, 
license fees, and the like, and reimbursement by a vendor of RYTECH's direct, out-of-pocket costs 
associated with items or services sold to You, for example, the cost RYTECH incurs for an 
advertising agency to develop advertising materials sold to You by a vendor. 
 
3.9 
Authorized Representatives. "Authorized Representatives" means people authorized by 
the Complainant or the Respondent to act on behalf of such party to settle a dispute between the 
parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 
