 
 
17 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
Agreement (including an Agreement and Guaranty and a Confidentiality and Non-Compete 
Agreement in such forms as RYTECH may then require, and any ancillary agreements 
RYTECH may require) within the later of 30 days before the expiration of this Agreement 
or three days after expiration of any applicable disclosure period designated by RYTECH. 
(d) 
You and all Persons that have any Beneficial Ownership interest in You or in the 
Franchise and/or have signed a guaranty of Your obligations have executed a general 
release of claims in favor of RYTECH and its Related Parties and Affiliates. 
(e) 
When You sign the Renewal Agreement, You pay RYTECH a renewal fee of  15% 
of  the then current initial franchise fee.  
(f) 
You have not been in default of the Franchise Agreement more than three times 
during the Term. 
 
The Renewal Agreement will be in the form of RYTECH's then-current form of Franchise 
Agreement for new franchisees, modified to reflect the fact that the Franchised Business is already 
operating. The terms of the Renewal Agreement, and any other agreements RYTECH may require, 
may differ materially from those contained in this Agreement, including increased Royalty Fees 
and National Ad Fund contributions. Your right to renew will be contingent upon Your acceptance 
of the new terms. 
5. SERVICES TO FRANCHISEE 
 
RYTECH will perform the following obligations at locations selected by it, if You are in 
Good Standing when RYTECH is to perform the service. 
5.1 
Training 
5.1.1 
Initial Training 
Before You commence offering Services, RYTECH will conduct an initial training 
program in the operation of a Franchised Business for two persons; at least one of these persons 
must have Beneficial Ownership in You. Additional persons may attend that initial training 
program or subsequent initial training programs if there are open training spaces. You are 
responsible for all your Trainees’ expenses in attending Training including all travel, lodging and 
meal expenses. You must pay all expenses incurred to have any additional employees or agents 
attend the Initial Training, including reasonable training fees. 
RYTECH will provide the initial program concerning the operation of a Rytech Office 
consisting of up to ten (10) days of training at RYTECH’s Home Office or an existing Office, at 
RYTECH’s sole option, and up to five (5) days training at Your Rytech Office.  The exact days 
will be mutually selected by RYTECH and You.  You will attend the training program at no charge 
to You.  You will be responsible for any travel, lodging, meals, wages or other costs for the 
attendee(s) of all training programs.  Satisfactory completion of all mandatory training sessions is 
