 
 
77 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER (EFT) AUTHORIZATION 
Franchisee Information: 
Franchisee Name 
 
 
Franchisee Mailing Address (street) 
Franchise Phone No. 
Franchisee Mailing Address (city, state, zip) 
Contact Name, Address and Phone number (if different than above) 
 
Bank Account Information: 
Bank Name 
Bank Account No. 
Bank Mailing Address (street) 
Bank Routing No. 
 
[:    [: 
 
(9 characters) 
Bank Mailing Address (city, state, zip) 
Bank Phone No. 
Payee Information 
Rytech Franchising, Inc.   
Authorization: 
The Franchisee hereby authorizes the Bank to honor and charge the Bank Account for electronic funds transfers or drafts drawn 
on the Bank Account and payable to the Payee.  The amount of such charge shall be set forth in a notice from the Payee presented 
to the Bank on __________ of each week.  The Franchisee agrees to execute such additional documents as may be reasonably 
requested by the Payee or the Bank to evidence the interest of this EFT Authorization.  This authority shall remain in full force 
and effect until the Payee has received written notification from the Franchisee in such time and manner as to afford the Payee 
and the Bank to act on such notice.  The Franchisee understands that the termination of this authorization does not relieve the 
Franchisee of its obligations to make payments to the Payee. 
+ 
Signature: 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEMNIFICATION OF BANK 
 
In consideration of the Bank's compliance with the foregoing request and authorization, the Payee agrees with 
respect to any action by the Bank in compliance with the foregoing request and authorization to indemnify the Bank and hold 
the Bank harmless for, from and against any loss the Bank may suffer as a consequence of the Bank's actions from or in 
connection with the execution and issuance of any electronic fund transfer or draft, whether or not genuine, purporting to be 
executed by the Payee and received by the Bank in the regular course of business for the purpose of payment, except to the 
extent such loss caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank. 
 
NOTE: FRANCHISEE MUST ATTACH A VOIDED CHECK RELATING TO THE BANK ACCOUNT. 
 
 
 
