 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        22             
merged. You are required to spend up to the Local Advertising requirement; except that the members of the 
cooperative may vote, by majority vote, to spend over the Local Advertising requirement.  
 
5. 
Computer System and Field Software.  
 
Computer Systems. You are required to purchase certain computer and office systems as set forth in our 
Operations Manual. We estimate that your expenses for office equipment and supplies will be $4,000 to 
$6,000.   You must purchase or lease equipment that is compatible with our required operating systems. Based 
on current operating systems you must have (1) business use only computer with a minimum 16GB RAM, 1 
TB hard drive, Windows 10 or newer operating system; (1) I-Pad Air or I-Pad Pro series with IOS 13 or newer 
having a minimum 128GB storage and camera (device must include cell service and be equipped with Mobile 
Device Management); the I-Pencil (or comparable) and software; and (1) business cellphone (device must 
include cell service and be equipped with Mobile Device Management). Other recommended office supplies 
include a scanner, printer, and document shredder, additional monitor(s) with docking station, desk, and 
miscellaneous typical office supplies.  Your franchise may wish to use time tracking software and fleet 
tracking/management software offered by a third party provider. You may begin your franchised business 
from a home office so no real estate costs are disclosed. 
 
Field Software.  Insurance carriers and third party programs often require processing within cloud based 
systems. You must access these system(s) to submit job data and/or manage jobs when required. Current 
systems(s) include Nextgear MICA; Verisk Xactanalysis, Xactanalysis-SP and Xactimate; CoreLogic Claims 
Connect and Mobile Claims; Matterport and Encircle. Standard field software and transaction fees are listed 
in Item 6 and are paid via RyPay.  Franchisees must purchase and/or pay maintenance and upgrade costs when 
additional systems are required.    
 
We have independent access to the information generated and stored in your field software.  There is no 
contractual limits imposed on our access to franchisee’s data.  We do not have independent access to the 
information generated by your computer.  
 
6. 
Operations Manual.  
 
The Operating Manual has a total of 263 pages. 
 
Upon request, we will permit you to view the Manual at our headquarters or elsewhere as arranged before you 
purchase the Franchised Business.  To protect the confidentiality of the Manual, we will require you to execute 
a Confidentiality Agreement (see Exhibit H to this Disclosure Document). 
 
7. 
Training Program.  
 
Our initial franchise management training program, covering up to 10 business days, is available to you and 
one of your employees as chosen by you and approved by us.  Before you open for business, you must attend 
and complete the initial franchise management training program to our satisfaction. You will not be charged 
for the initial training program for the first 2 attendees, but you must pay all travel and living expenses for 
all trainees and any compensation or benefits due trainees during any training period.  You will be charged 
for remedial or follow-up training.  
(FA § 5) 
 
Our initial franchise management training program is conducted at our headquarters in Kennesaw, Georgia or 
