 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        25             
 
We grant protected territories in blocks, each block having a minimum of approximately 400,000 population. 
Territories are designated by zip code(s).  If you are not in good-standing, we may alter your territory. You 
must only operate a Rytech office within your territory.   
 
We may enter into regional or national account program relationships with insurance companies, third party 
administrators, property managers and other business channels under which we may assign jobs to franchisees 
at a negotiated rate. You are required to service these claims.  If you refuse assigned claims, we may assign 
the regional or national account program work in your territory to other franchisees.  During catastrophic 
events, we may send other franchisees or company personnel into your Territory to provide services to the 
affected area.  
 
In the event we receive an inquiry from any source for services to be provided in your territory, we will 
forward all inquiry information to you. If you do not participate, are not in good standing, refuse assigned 
claims or do not qualify for any jobs, we may assign this job in your territory to other franchisees. 
 
Except as provided above, and as long as you remain in good standing, neither we nor our affiliates may 
operate Rytech Offices or grant franchises within your territory.  However, we may operate Rytech Offices 
or grant franchises for any Locations, within or outside your territory, if they are operated under a different 
name or if they offer different services. We have no plans now or in the near future to open other locations 
using alternative channels of distribution. We do not solicit or accept orders inside your territory, and, 
therefore, do not pay compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your territory.   
 
You may only accept and perform work in your territory. You may begin your franchise from a home office 
for a limited time upon our approval.  However, the office must be within your territory. If you wish to relocate 
your office, it must be in your territory, and you must provide us with a 60 day notice of the relocation.  
 
You cannot solicit or accept orders from customers pursuing other channels of distribution, such as the 
internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing, to make sales outside your territory.   However, 
if there is no other franchisee bordering your territory you may submit a written request to us to accept and 
perform work in specified zip codes bordering your territory in the open territory.  In the event that we grant 
your request, we may require you to stop accepting and performing work in the open territory for any reason.  
You are allowed to market outside of your territory for purposes of creating work within your territory unless 
the marketing is within another Franchisee’s territory.  All approved marketing materials and manners of 
marketing for use in your territory may be used in approved areas outside your territory.  Your territorial rights 
are not dependent upon the achievement of certain sales volumes, market penetration or any other 
contingency.  
 
Neither the Company nor our affiliate(s) has established other franchises or Company-owned outlets selling 
or leasing similar products or services under a different trade name or trademark; and neither the Company 
nor our affiliate(s) has any presently formulated plan or policy to do so.  The Company reserves the right to 
use alternative distribution channels (including the internet) within franchisee’s territory,  under its trademarks 
or different trademarks.  Franchisor does not have to pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders 
inside the franchisee’s territory.  
 
The Agreement does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire 
additional franchises within the Territory or areas contiguous to the Territory.  
 
