 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        30             
  Provision  
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement        
  Summary 
i.    Franchisee’s 
obligations on   
termination/non-renewal. 
FA § 11 
a. Payment of monies owed to us, affiliates, and third parties; b.  
Deliver to us all confidential information, the Manual, and items 
with trademarks and cease using our Carrier Information and 
Customer Information; c.  Cease using our trademarks, confidential 
information, trade secrets, and manual; d.  Cancellation of assumed 
names and transfer of telephone phone numbers; e.  De-identify 
premises; f.  Cease Operating Rytech office. g. Assist in the 
transition of the Services for Carriers and Customers. 
j.   Assignment of contract  
by the Franchisor.  
FA § 10  
No restriction on right to transfer. 
k.  "Transfer" by 
Franchisee –definition.         
FA § 10  
The assignment, transfer, sale, or merger of Franchise Agreement,  
business entity,  transfer in any fashion of ownership in the business 
entity owning the Franchise Business, death of Franchise owner or 
majority owner of Franchise owner.   
l.  Franchisor’s  approval 
of transfer by  Franchisee. 
FA § 10  
No transfer without approval except to a business entity you form 
according to requirements.  
m.  Conditions for 
Franchisor approval of  
transfer. 
FA § 10 
a. The transferee must apply to us and meet the then-applicable 
standards of the Company.  b. Transferee must not operate a similar 
business; c.  Transferee must sign a current form of Franchise 
Agreement, Guaranty and Confidentiality Agreement; d.  You and 
owners of Franchisee must sign a general release in a form 
prescribed by Company; e.  Transferee and proposed management 
must successfully complete initial training program at transferees 
expense; f.  You must have cured all defaults and paid all monies 
you owe us and affiliates.  
n.  Franchisor’s right of 
first refusal to acquire 
Franchisee’s business. 
FA § 10  
We can match any offer for your Franchised Business. 
o. Franchisor’s option to 
purchase Franchisee’s 
business. 
FA  
 Not applicable.   
p.  Death or disability of 
Franchisee. 
FA § 10  
Within 90 day, franchise must be assigned by estate to approved 
buyer, or the heir demonstrates the heir meets the criteria to our 
satisfaction.  
q.  Non-competition              
covenants during the term 
of the franchise. 
FA § 7  
No involvement in competing business; no diversion of carriers 
customers or employees, no hiring of carrier representatives or any 
employees of us, our affiliate or other franchisees. (Subject to state 
law).  
r.  Non-competition              
covenants after the              
franchise is terminated or 
expires. 
FA § 7 
No involvement in competing business for 2 years within Your 
Territory, or 10 miles of the border of Your Territory, within any 
Rytech franchised or company territory, or within 10 miles of the 
border of any Rytech franchised or company territory.  No diversion 
of carriers, customers or employees, no hiring of carrier 
representatives or any employee of us, our affiliates or other 
franchisees (Subject to state law).  
s.  Modification of the          
agreement. 
FA § 12  
Must be in writing by both sides; however, we may change the 
Operations Manual.  
