 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Franchising, Inc.; 
 
 
 
(b) 
Not to disclose Confidential Information to any third party; 
 
 
 
(c) 
To limit dissemination of Confidential Information to only those Prospective 
Franchisee's officers, directors and employees who have a need to know to perform the limited tasks 
set forth in Item 4 (a) above; and who have agreed to the terms and obligations of this Agreement by 
affixing their signatures hereto this Agreement; 
 
 
 
(d) 
Not to copy Confidential Information or any portions thereof it; and 
 
 
 
(e) 
To return the Confidential Information and all documents, notes or physical 
evidence thereof or relating to the Confidential Information, to Rytech Franchising, Inc. upon a 
determination that Prospective Franchisee no longer has a need therefore, or a request therefore, the 
Confidential Information from Rytech Franchising, Inc., whichever occurs first. 
 
 
5. 
EVIDENCE OF AGREEMENT Prospective Franchisee agrees that should 
Prospective Franchisee’s business relationship with RYTECH Franchising, Inc. terminate for any 
reason whatsoever, either before or during the term of an duly executed Franchise Agreement, 
Prospective Franchisee will disclose the terms of this Agreement to any person, firm, corporation, or 
other entity with whom Prospective Franchisee seeks to perform services that are similar to the 
services Prospective Franchisee would be providing if Prospective Franchisee’s relationship with 
Rytech Franchising, Inc., continued.  Prospective Franchisee acknowledges that Rytech Franchising, 
Inc. has the right to make this Agreement known and to disclose its contents to others. 
 
 
6. 
SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS.  The restrictions and obligations of this Agreement 
will survive any expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement and will continue to bind 
Prospective Franchisee, his heirs, successors and assigns. 
 
 
7. 
NEGATION OF LICENSES.  Except as expressly set forth herein this Agreement, 
no rights to licenses, expressed or implied, are hereby granted to Prospective Franchisee as a result of 
or related to this Agreement. 
 
 
8. 
APPLICABLE LAW.  This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Georgia.  Venue solely lies in Cobb County, Georgia and the federal 
courts having jurisdiction there. 
 
 
