 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        12             
Note 2 Initial Equipment and Supplies.  You may purchase the initial package from us or approved 
suppliers. If you are already in the business, you can use equipment you already own if approved by us.   
This equipment and supply package will be the minimum necessary with which to commence operations 
of the Franchised Business, exclusive of normal and customary office supplies.   
 
Note 3  Office Equipment and Supplies. We estimate that your expenses for office equipment and supplies 
will be $5,000 - $10,000.   You must purchase or lease equipment that is compatible with our required 
operating systems. Based on current operating systems our current requirements are (1) personal computer 
with a minimum 16GB RAM, 1 TB hard drive, USB ports, Windows 10 or newer operating system; (1) I-
Pad Air or I-Pad Pro series with IOS 13 or newer having a minimum 128GB storage and camera (device 
must include cell service); the I-Pencil (or comparable) and software; and (1) cellphone (device must 
include cell service). Other recommended office supplies include a scanner and printer, additional 
monitor(s) with docking station, desk, and miscellaneous typical office supplies.  Your franchise may wish 
to use time tracking software and fleet tracking/management software offered by a third party provider. 
You may begin your franchised business from a home office so no real estate costs are disclosed.   
 
Note 4 Grand Opening Marketing. We have estimated Grand Opening Marketing expenses to be $1,500 
to $3,000.  With our assistance, you must develop a local marketing database consisting of 250 - 500 local 
insurance agents, insurance adjusters, independent adjusters, and commercial property managers.  Monies 
must be spent for e-blasts and direct mailers to all prospects included in your database.  These monies must 
be spent by you within the first sixty (60) days of the opening of the Office.  All Grand Opening Marketing 
materials must be pre-approved by us. 
 
Note 5 Travel for Initial Training. We estimate that your travel expenses to our Kennesaw, Georgia or 
other designated training location will be $3,000 to $7,000 for two people.  We have estimated these 
expenses at approximately per day and include monies for lodging, meals, car rental or vehicle driving costs 
and other miscellaneous expenses.  Any travel expenses (including airfare) are also your responsibility. 
 
Note 6 Certification Training and Associated Travel.  You or your manager must complete the following 
IICRC courses prior to our training courses:   Water Damage Restoration Training (WRT/ASD Combo 
Course), Mold Remediation (AMRT) Certification Course, Lead Paint Course, OSHA 10 Hour Safety 
Course for Contractors, and Claims Training Services Course which we estimate a combined cost is of 
$4,900 - $7,000 plus travel associated expenses.  Travel-related expenses will vary depending on the 
distance to school, whether you drive or fly, etc.   
 
Note 7 Insurance Deposits (3 months). We estimate that your initial insurance deposit will be 
approximately $4,000.00 to $13,000 depending on whether you pay in installments or in a lump sum 
payment.   
 
Note 8  Business Licenses. You may be required to obtain business licenses on a yearly basis from the local 
government agency requiring business or occupational licenses.  We have estimated these costs to be $100 
to $1,000 depending upon the jurisdiction. It is your responsibility to determine whether a license is required 
and, if so, to comply with appropriate state and/or local law. 
 
Note 9 Utility Deposits. We have estimated your utility company deposits will range from $200 to $400.  
These include monies needed to be deposited with the local telephone company since we anticipate that you 
will operate the initial Office from their personal residence.  It is possible that you will not have to deposit 
any monies if you have good credit and the utility company has a company policy of no deposits for new 
