 
 
16 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
may include arrangements involving competing outlets and brands, even if that business 
operates, franchises or licenses Competitive Businesses in Your Territory;  
(e) To engage in any other activity, action or undertaking that we are not expressly 
prohibited from taking under this Agreement; 
(f)  Provide services to regional or national accounts and implement other multi-area 
marketing programs in and outside of the Territory, and solicit customers anywhere, but 
Franchisee will have the option to deliver the services within the Territory under terms that 
Rytech determines. If Franchisee does not service a customer developed by a multi-area 
marketing program, Rytech may make other arrangements to do so; and  
(g) In the event of a Catastrophic Event within your Territory, RYTECH reserves the right 
to authorize other franchisees or a Company personnel to provide services in the affected 
area. This provision is essential for managing large-scale disasters and ensuring that all 
affected customers receive timely and effective assistance. Rytech shall have the right to 
redistribute “jobs” between the various franchisees in a manner Rytech believes is in the 
best interests of the Clients and Carriers. Rytech will determine a franchisee’s capacity in 
RYTECH sole discretion.  Franchisee will not be compensated for any franchisee or 
Company personnel providing services in your Territory.  
4.4     Term and Renewal 
4.4.1 
Term 
This Agreement takes effect on the date it has been signed by RYTECH. If that date is after 
the Effective Date, this Agreement will relate back to, and the Term will begin, on the Effective 
Date. The Term will continue for a period of ten years from the Effective Date, unless this 
Agreement is terminated earlier as otherwise provided in it. 
4.4.2 
Renewal 
Upon expiration of the Term,  Rytech may elect to grant you a renewal of the Franchise for 
consecutive additional five-year terms if, at the time of each renewal, all of the following 
conditions are, in RYTECH's sole judgment, fulfilled You and Your Related Parties have 
substantially complied with all of the material provisions of this Agreement (including Standards 
set forth in the Manual) throughout the Term and You and Your Related Parties are then in full 
compliance with all of the material provisions of this Agreement (including Standards set forth in 
the Manual). 
(a) 
You have notified RYTECH, in writing, at least 120 days before the expiration date 
of this Agreement of Your desire to renew. 
(b) 
Within 60 days before renewal, You have complied with RYTECH's then-current 
training requirements for renewing franchisees. 
(c) 
You and any Person with a Substantial Interest in You have executed the Renewal 
