 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        21             
Advertising Fund and directs all programs financed by the fund, including the creative concepts, materials, 
endorsements, and the geographic market and media placement and allocation thereof. We may use the fund 
to satisfy the costs of producing video, audio and written advertising materials; administering regional and 
multi-regional advertising programs; developing and maintaining an Internet website; and supporting public 
relations, market research and other advertising, promotion and marketing activities. We will not use your 
fund contributions to defray any of our operating expenses, except for any reasonable salaries, administrative 
costs, travel expenses and overhead that we may incur in administering the fund and its programs. Upon your 
written request to us, the National Advertising Fund will be compiled annually and reported, via mail or email, 
to Franchisees within 120 days of the end of the year.  The annual report is not audited. Any monies not spent 
will be carried over to be used the following year.  The maximum monthly contribution is 3% of gross 
revenues.  You will receive a minimum of 90 days written notice of any change in the National Advertising 
Fund. (FA § 8) 
 
Other than reimbursement for reasonable costs and overhead incurred in activities for the administration or 
direction of the fund, neither we nor any affiliate will receive any payment for providing products or services 
to the fund. We may spend in any calendar year more or less than the total contributions to the fund in that 
year. The fund may borrow from us or other lenders to cover deficits of the fund or cause the fund to invest 
any surplus for future use by the fund. If we spend more than the contributions accumulated in the fund during 
any fiscal year, we have the right to receive, on demand, reimbursement in later years to the extent of the 
excess expenditure. 
 
We are not required to spend any amount from the fund on advertising or promotions in your area. We are not 
required to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your fund contributions or to 
ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or in proportion to its contributions to the fund. If any 
contributions to the fund, including any associated earnings, are not spent in the fiscal year in which they 
accrue, they remain in the fund for use in following years. We reserve the right to terminate the fund at any 
time, but we will not do so until all monies in the fund have been spent for the purposes described in the 
franchise agreement or returned to contributors on a prorated basis. 
 
During fiscal year 2024, 12% was spent on production, 34% on media placement, 16% on administrative 
expenses and 39% on other uses. None of the National Brand Fund was spent on soliciting new franchisees.  
 
No fund monies were spent on the solicitation of prospective franchisees. Except for a portion of the fund that 
may be spent on website development and maintenance (a portion of which may include soliciting the sale of 
franchises using our website), we anticipate that the fund will not be used to solicit the sale of franchises, 
however we reserve the right to use a portion of the fund monies for that purpose in the future. 
 
Franchisee Advertising Council. We currently do not have a franchisee advertising council, but we reserve 
the right to do so. 
 
 
 
Regional Advertising Cooperative. Under the Cooperative Advertising Program, if initiated in your area, 
membership will be defined by geographic region, as determined by us.  You will be required to contribute 
up to the Local Advertising requirements and the amount you pay will be counted toward your Local 
Advertising requirements.  Our company locations are required to contribute equally. If established, we, or 
our affiliate will administer the Regional Advertising Cooperative. We may, however, delegate our duties to 
the Advertising Cooperative and the power to self-administer the advertising used by that Advertising 
Cooperative. If requested by the Cooperative members, an annual financial statement will be available to 
review by the franchisee.  We have the power to require the Cooperative to be formed, changed, dissolved or 
