 
 
37 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
We reserve the right to modify the insurance requirements throughout the Term.  
The insurance RYTECH requires is for its own protection. You should consult with Your 
own insurance agents, brokers, and attorneys to determine what types of coverages and what level 
of insurance protection You may need or desire, in addition to the coverages and minimum limits 
specified by RYTECH. 
7.7     Financial and Legal Responsibility and Notice 
7.7.1   Compliance with Law 
You must comply with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations pertaining, directly 
or indirectly, to Your Franchised Business. You must keep current all licenses, permits, bonds, 
and deposits made to or required by any government agency in connection with the operation of 
Your Franchised Business. Upon request by RYTECH, You must certify in writing to RYTECH 
or, as applicable, provide evidence that You have complied with the requirements of this Section 
7.7.1. RYTECH shall not be responsible for any non-compliance with federal, state and local laws 
and regulations pertaining to Your operation of Your Franchised Business.  
7.7.2 
Payment of Indebtedness 
You must pay promptly when due all taxes and debts that You incur in the conduct of Your 
Franchised Business. 
7.7.3 
Notice of Litigation 
You must notify RYTECH in writing within five days if You are served with a complaint 
in any legal proceeding that is in any way related to Your Franchised Business (including any 
claim by a third party of trademark or copyright infringement) or if You become aware that You 
are the subject of any complaint to or investigation by a governmental licensing authority or 
consumer protection agency. 
You must notify RYTECH in writing within 5 days after the commencement of any legal 
action that may adversely affect the operation or financial condition of You or of the Franchised 
Business. 
7.8 
Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Laws 
You represent and warrant to RYTECH that neither You nor any of Your Related Parties 
or employees: (i) are identified, either by name or an alias, pseudonym or nickname, on the lists 
of "Specially Designated Nationals" or "Blocked Persons" maintained by the U.S. Treasury 
Department's 
Office 
of 
Foreign 
Assets 
Control 
(texts 
available 
at 
www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/: or (ii) have violated any law (in effect now or which 
may become effective in the future) prohibiting corrupt business practices, money laundering or 
the aid or support of persons or entities who conspire to commit acts of terror against any person 
or government, including acts prohibited by the U.S. Patriot Act, as amended (text available at 
