 
 
14 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
(c) Modification of Territory: RYTECH may, at its sole discretion, modify Franchisee's 
designated Territory, which may include reducing the size of the Territory or reassigning portions 
of it to other franchisees. 
 (d) Designation as Not In Good Standing: Franchisee may be designated as Not In Good 
Standing, which could result in additional penalties, restrictions, or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
These measures are intended to protect the integrity of each franchisee's designated 
Territory and ensure compliance with RYTECH's operational standards. 
4.2.4   Open Service Areas 
 
Open Service Areas consists of zip codes not currently assigned under any franchise 
agreement.  We may permit franchisees or company locations the ability to provide Services to 
Customers and/or Carriers within an Open Service Area until such time as the Open Service Area, 
or any zip code contained within an Open Service Area, is assigned to a franchisee or company 
location under a franchise agreement.    
RYTECH retains the exclusive right to authorize franchisees or Company-owned locations 
to offer services within Open Service Areas. This authorization is strictly temporary and may be 
revoked or modified at RYTECH's sole and absolute discretion at any time. The provision of 
services in these areas by franchisees or Company-owned locations shall cease immediately upon 
the assignment of such areas to a new franchisee or Company location for any reason whatsoever. 
RYTECH's decision regarding the assignment and authorization of service areas is final and 
binding. 
 
You agree that you will make no claim that any zip code contained in an Open Service Area 
constitutes part of your Territory. You further agree that You will immediately stop providing 
Services to Customers and Carriers in an Open Service Area upon RYTECH notification to You. 
 
4.2.5   Modification of Territory 
If You are in operational default of this Agreement, RYTECH may, among other things,  
reduce the scope of the geographic area comprising the Territory regardless if You have cured the 
default. Otherwise, RYTECH will not modify Your Territory.  
4.2.6  Program Accounts within Territory.  
RYTECH retains exclusive and absolute authority to establish and manage regional or 
national account relationships and contracts with insurance companies, third-party administrators, 
commercial clients, property managers, and similar entities (collectively referred to as "Program 
Accounts"). Franchisee must fully comply with all program requirements and must accept and 
execute projects within your designated Territory as assigned by RYTECH without exception. 
RYTECH shall have discretion to determine the referral policies and fees for You to participate in 
Program Accounts.  
