 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        27             
with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, you may be required to change your trade name and Mark, even 
after you have opened for business.  In this event, you must change, at your expense, all signs, marketing 
literature, etc. when we notify to you that a new Mark has been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
Office. 
 
We have no actual knowledge of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect 
your use of the Marks in any state. 
 
Item 14: PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY 
INFORMATION 
 
We own no rights in or to any patents that are material to the franchise.  We own the copyright of the Manual.  
The copyright is not registered. 
 
 
Under the Agreement, we must provide you one copy of our Manual on loan, at or before the time when you 
begin your initial training course.  We hold the copyright in the Manual and treats the information in the 
Manual as confidential trade secrets. 
 
You must operate your Office strictly in accordance with the Manual as it may be revised by us from time to 
time.  You must at all times treat the Manual and the information in it as confidential, in accordance with the 
requirements of the Agreement. 
 
The Agreement requires you to maintain all our Confidential Information as confidential both during and after 
the term of the Agreement.  "Confidential Information" includes all information, data, techniques and know-
how designated or treated by us as confidential and includes the Manual.  You may not at any time disclose, 
copy or use any Confidential Information except as specifically authorized by us.  Under the Agreement, you 
agree that all information, data, techniques and know-how developed or assembled by you or your employees 
or agents during the term of the Agreement and relating to the System will be considered a part of the 
Confidential Information protected under the Agreement. 
 
See Item 15 below concerning your obligation to obtain confidentiality and non-competition agreements from 
persons involved in the Franchise Business. 
 
Item 15: OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
The Agreement requires you to devote a majority of your time, energy and best efforts to the management 
and operation of the service business.  You and any Manager that you may employ during the term of this 
Agreement must complete the initial management training course and all other training courses required by 
the Company.    
 
Each individual who holds an ownership interest in a business entity Franchisee must personally guarantee 
all of the obligations of the Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. Spouses are required to sign a spousal 
consent agreeing to abide by the non-competition, non-disclosure, dispute resolution, venue and governing 
law provisions in the Franchise Agreement. Spouses are not bound to perform any other obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement.  The owner of the Office must also be the majority shareholder in any corporation that 
owns and operates the Franchised Business. 
