 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        10             
training.  You are also responsible for all out of pocket expenses incurred when additional training and 
assistance is provided.  The per diem charge and out of pocket expenses may change based internal and 
external costs, respectively. 
 
Note 7.  Renewal.  When you renew your franchise, you must pay a renewal fee equal to 10% of our then-
current Initial Franchise Fee.  There are other conditions for renewal.  (See Item 17 in this Disclosure 
Document).   
 
Note 8.  Transfer.  You must pay a transfer fee of fifteen percent (15%) of the then-current Initial Franchise 
Fee.  There are other items to be reviewed and approved before we will consent to a Transfer. (See Item 17 in 
this Disclosure Document).   
 
Note 9.  Attorney Fees and Costs.  The prevailing party in any legal proceeding between you and us will have 
its attorneys' fees and costs paid by the other party in legal proceedings.  The amount of this item will depend 
upon the nature of the action and legal charged at the time. 
 
Note 10.  Supplier Approval.  You must pay us our reasonable costs to review a proposed supplier of any 
goods or services to be used in connection with the franchise.  If we determine that it is necessary to inspect 
the supplier's facilities or conduct tests, we will require you or the supplier to pay our actual costs incurred in 
inspection and testing.  The actual costs incurred payment is in addition to the hourly rate charge.  The actual 
amount will depend upon the amount of time required by the approval process.  The maximum amount will 
not change during the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Note 11. Regional Advertising Cooperative.  We have the right to establish a Regional Advertising 
Cooperative (“Cooperative”) in your area. If established, you will be required to join the applicable 
Cooperative.  We may administer the Cooperative or assign the administrative responsibilities to its members. 
If assigned, the franchisees may or may not have controlling voting power, depending on the number of 
franchisor locations to franchisee locations in the Cooperative. Our locations are required to contribute to the 
Cooperative.   
 
Note 12. Transaction Fees, TPA Fees, Estimating Software Fees. See Addendum 2b to the Franchise 
Agreement for a breakdown of the current fees required by Rytech and insurance carriers at the time of this 
disclosure.  These fees are subject to change. All software fees and transaction fees are invoiced monthly to 
your franchised business and paid via RyPay. Although you are not required to provide services to insurance 
carriers, should you wish to do so, you must purchase insurance carrier required software and/or use third-
party administrators to obtain the carrier assignments and pay all associated fees.  
 
Note 13. MICA.  MICA is required to be used by all employees in your franchise. MICA is Rytech's system 
of record, and where all jobs should be managed throughout the life cycle of a job. MICA charges a per job 
transactional fee which is currently $8 per transaction. There is also a monthly location fee that is charged to 
your location.  All MICA fees are invoiced monthly and deducted via RyPay. 
 
Note 14: Rebuild Fees. These fees apply when you perform repair work on a Rytech Service. You must meet 
certain requirements and must be pre-authorized by Rytech to perform Rebuild work.  
 
 
 
 
