 
 
26 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
mark, logo, trade name or reference in connection with the operation of a business that is not a 
Franchised Business. 
7.1.2 
Changes in Marks 
RYTECH has invested substantial time, energy, and money in the promotion and protection 
of its Marks as they exist on the Effective Date. It has no present intention of altering them. 
However, RYTECH recognizes that rights in intangible property such as the Marks are often 
difficult to establish and defend. Changes in the cultural and economic environment within which 
the System operates or third-party challenges to RYTECH's rights in the Marks may make changes 
in the Marks desirable or necessary. RYTECH therefore reserves the right to change its Marks and 
the specifications for each when RYTECH believes that such changes will benefit the System. 
You will promptly conform, at Your own expense, to any such changes. RYTECH need not 
reimburse You for any loss of revenue due to any modified or discontinued Mark or for Your 
expenses in changing to, or promoting, a modified or substitute trademark or service mark. 
7.1.3 
Notice of Claims Relating to Marks 
You must notify RYTECH in writing within five (5) days of any apparent infringement of 
any Mark, any challenge to Your use of any Mark, and of any claim by any Person to any rights 
in any Mark. Except as RYTECH otherwise permits in writing, You must not directly or indirectly 
communicate with any person other than Your attorney (if a claim is brought against You) and 
RYTECH and its counsel in connection with any such infringement, challenge or claim. RYTECH 
has the sole right to determine whether any action should be taken. If any action is taken, RYTECH 
has the right to direct and control that action, including the conduct of an administrative proceeding 
or litigation or other adjudicative proceeding involving the Marks, as well as any settlement of any 
such proceeding or litigation. You have no right, independent of RYTECH, to make any demand 
against any user or challenger or to prosecute any claim of any kind or nature whatsoever relating 
to the Marks. You must execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance, 
and do all acts that may, in the opinion of RYTECH's counsel, be necessary or advisable to protect 
and maintain the interests of RYTECH and/or its Affiliates in any such litigation or administrative 
proceedings, or to otherwise protect and maintain the interest of RYTECH and/or its Affiliates in 
the Marks. 
7.1.4 
Goodwill: Notice of Negative Publicity 
Any and all goodwill, including Carrier Information, arising from or in connection with 
Your use of the Marks under this Agreement and the System belongs to and inures solely to the 
benefit of RYTECH. To permit RYTECH to take steps to protect the goodwill associated with its 
Marks, You will promptly notify RYTECH in writing of any publicity (in any medium) relating 
to You, Your Franchised Business, any of Your Related Parties, or any other Person, that is 
negative or reasonably likely to damage the goodwill associated with the Marks as provided in the 
Manual. You, Your Related Parties, and Your employees will cooperate with RYTECH in its 
handling of the publicity related to the matter. 
