 
 
49 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
Intranet, RYTECH may suspend Your access to all or any aspect of the RYTECH Intranet until 
You fully cure the breach. 
RYTECH will establish Standards for Social Media. These Standards will be set forth in 
the Operations Manual. You agree to comply with these Standards.  
You agree to contribute a reasonable amount established by RYTECH toward the cost of 
the RYTECH Intranet's support, maintenance and further development. RYTECH will set the 
contribution amount annually and will collect the payments from You by EFT on the seventh day 
of each month. We may, in the future, establish a technology fee to offset Rytech’s Intranet 
support, maintenance and further development.  
8.7   Websites and Electronic Media 
(a) 
RYTECH has established, and at its option may maintain, the RYTECH Website, 
through which RYTECH advertises and promotes Franchised Businesses, Core Services, 
Additional Services, and Equipment. RYTECH will have sole control over the RYTECH 
Website's design and contents, except that RYTECH will configure the site to accommodate the 
pages that Sections 8.7(b) and (c) describe. RYTECH will have no obligation to maintain the 
RYTECH Website indefinitely, but may discontinue it at any time without liability to You. 
(b) 
RYTECH will establish a Franchised Business locater page on the RYTECH 
Website and will post the address, telephone number and e-mail address of each Franchised 
Business on the locater page. 
(c) 
At Your request, RYTECH will include at the RYTECH Website one or a series of 
interior pages devoted to information about You and Your Franchised Business. You must develop 
the page(s), at Your expense, in accordance with specifications that RYTECH provides in the 
Manual or otherwise in writing and subject to RYTECH's approval prior to posting as to form, 
content and programming quality; RYTECH may also require you to use a designated or approved 
supplier of website services to design your interior page(s). You will not have the capability to 
modify Your page(s) except in coordination with RYTECH's Webmaster (unless RYTECH 
permits otherwise in the Manual) and in compliance with the Standards. RYTECH may assign a 
sub-domain name to the interior page for Your Franchised Business; RYTECH will own and 
control the sub-domain name and any other URLs incorporating any of the Marks (or the letters 
"RYTECH") that it may permit You to use and may change the sub-domain name and/or those 
URLs at any time. 
(d) 
You have no authority to and may not establish any Websites, blogs, social 
networking sites, or Social Media sites, or register any domain names (including any that have the 
letters "RYTECH"), that use or create any association with the Marks and System without express 
written consent of RYTECH or except as otherwise provided in the Manual. You may not post 
any advertisements, material, or content of any kind on the Internet or Worldwide Web that depict 
or display the Marks or create an association with the System and/or Network without the express 
written consent of RYTECH or except as otherwise provided in the Manual. RYTECH may, in its 
