 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        4             
designates for developing and operating Rytech Franchised Businesses; all of which may be changed, deleted, 
improved, and further developed by us from time to time (collectively, “Systems” and “Standards”). Rytech 
or its affiliates may develop and offer Optional Programs in the future. You may choose to participate in any 
of these Optional Programs, but additional fees, training and other qualifications may be required. In addition, 
your election to participate in an Optional Program may affect your requirements for inventory, equipment, 
supplies, personnel and operating capital. 
 
You must operate the Franchised Business under the trademark, "Rytech," and other trademarks, service 
marks, trade dress, logos and symbols (collectively “Marks”) we designate (or may later designate).  You 
must operate in accordance with the standards and procedures designated by us, and according to our 
Operations Manuals (the "Manual"), the Franchise Agreement and other written directives within a specified 
Territory (see Item 12 "Territory" for more details). 
 
The market for a Rytech franchises includes members of the general public in both their business operations 
and personal residences, insurance carriers, insurance claims department personnel, insurance agencies, 
commercial property managers, insurance company managed vendor programs, third-party administrated 
(TPA) programs, and other managed vendor programs.   
 
Rytech franchisees must comply with state and local laws that regulate general contractors. Many states 
require a general contractor license, and some localities also require licensing. You will be subject to worker’s 
compensation, wage and hour and OSHA regulations. You must comply with other laws in your state 
regulating general contractors. You should consult an attorney in the locality where you intend to operate your 
franchise to ensure compliance with all applicable state, local and federal laws. 
 
If you open a Rytech Franchised Business, your competition will include other businesses offering similar 
products and services to the general public including other water restoration companies, mold remediation 
companies, general contractors, insurance restoration companies, carpet cleaning, and professional cleaning 
firms.   
 
Prior Business Experience of Franchisor.   We are engaged in the sale of Rytech Franchised Business. We 
have been offering and selling Rytech Franchised Businesses since December 1996.  Except as described 
above, neither the Company nor any affiliate has ever been engaged in, or offered franchises in, any other 
lines of business. 
 
 
Item 2: BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
William D. Ryan, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President: Mr. Ryan has been CEO of the Company 
since January 2016. He was the President from 1996 to January 2016 and then was reappointed as President 
from June 2016 to present.  Mr. Ryan has also been President and CEO of Rytech, Inc. since its inception in 
1995. Mr. Ryan has also been a Director of Rytech of North Florida, Inc. since 1998.  In October of 2002, Mr. 
Ryan became President of Rytech of North Florida, Inc.   In January 2020, he became President and CEO of 
RyBrands, Inc.  He is based in Jacksonville, Florida.  
 
Randy Kerlin, Chief Operating Officer: Mr. Kerlin has served as our Chief Operating Officer since June 2017.  
Mr. Kerlin joined Rytech in Jan. 2013 as VP Business Development and was promoted to Executive Vice 
President of Operations in October 2014 to June 2017. He is based in Kennesaw, Georgia. 
 
