 
 
28 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
is  required.   
(f) 
Obtain full-size van that properly displays the Identity (i.e., van wrap). 
(g) 
Any other reasonable requirements set forth by RYTECH.  
7.2.3 
Office 
Your Office must be in Your Territory. You may open Additional Offices within Your 
Territory but may not open an Additional Office in any Open Territory without our prior written 
consent. Upon the loss of the Open Territory serviced by you, you must immediately close any 
office we have previously permitted. You may commence operations with Your Office in Your 
home if Your home is in Your Territory. You must ensure that RYTECH at all times has the 
current address and telephone number of Your Office(s); if You relocate Your Office(s), You must 
advise RYTECH of the planned relocation/closure and, for a relocation, the new address and 
telephone number, at least five days before You relocate/close. If Your Office is not in Your home, 
You may not use the premises of Your Office(s) for any purpose other than the operation of Your 
Franchised Business. The furniture, fixtures, and decor of Your Office(s) must at all times be 
professional, clean, and in good condition. If RYTECH notifies You that, in its reasonable 
judgment, the condition or site of Your Office(s) materially damages the goodwill associated with 
the Marks, You must relocate Your Office(s) within 60 days and provide RYTECH with the new 
address of Your Office(s). You may not at any time use a post office box or similar mail address 
service as Your Franchised Business's address to meet the requirement that Your Office be in Your 
Territory. 
7.2.4 
Compliance with Manual 
You acknowledge and agree that the requirements imposed by this Agreement and by the 
Manual are necessary to promote high and uniform standards of quality of Services and Products 
provided by franchisees and to promote and maintain the goodwill associated with the Marks, the 
System, and the Network. You must operate Your Franchised Business in complete compliance 
with the Standards. RYTECH may make changes in the Standards when, in RYTECH's sole 
judgment, change is needed for the continued success and development of the System, including 
new products, services, and/or new or modified techniques. Those changes may necessitate the 
purchase of software, equipment, supplies, furnishings, or other goods, completion of additional 
training by You or Your employees, or other cost to You. RYTECH may advise You of changes 
to the Manual via any medium, including e-mail, posting on the RYTECH Intranet, or notice in 
an electronic newsletter. You must promptly conform to the modified Standards at Your own 
expense. If there is any dispute as to the requirements of the Manual at any point in time, the terms 
of the master copy of the Manual maintained by RYTECH (regardless of format or medium) will 
control. RYTECH may determine Your compliance with Standards as provided in Sections 7.2.7. 
Customer Service Program and/or 7.2.9 Inspections and Quality Assurance or by any other means. 
