 
 
32 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
technology platforms according to RYTECH's direction You will have sole and complete 
responsibility for, at Your expense: (1) acquiring, operating, maintaining, and upgrading the 
hardware/software/technology platform; (2) assuring that the specified software, hardware, and/or 
technology platform interfaces at RYTECH's required levels of connection speed with RYTECH's 
and/or any designated third party's computer or technology system; and (3) any and all 
consequences to Your Franchised Business if You do not properly operate, maintain, upgrade, 
and/or replace any specified software, hardware, and/or technology platform. 
 
RYTECH may have access to information about Your Franchised Business and its 
operations (including Carrier and Customer Information) through software (including technology 
platforms and/or web-based programs) and hardware RYTECH may require You to use. RYTECH 
may access and download this information as often as it deems appropriate (including daily), 
access your estimating programs, by way of example Xactimate, and any other technology 
platform RYTECH deems necessary. You agree to deliver to RYTECH such information upon 
demand, including alternative accessing should the technology platform become unavailable.  
If any equipment, software, or computer system You use provides for electronic, online or 
similar remote monitoring capability, You shall, at RYTECH's request, permit RYTECH to 
monitor and download all information/data the equipment provides and to use the information for 
any lawful purposes RYTECH deems advisable. RYTECH may access information on any web-
based programs it specifies that You use (including those relating to Technology Services and 
Equipment) and RYTECH may use that information for any lawful purpose. RYTECH may 
compile and share with other franchisees and/or prospective franchisees information You provide 
or RYTECH accesses. You acknowledge that federal law requires that RYTECH provide 
substantiating data for any financial performance representation it may make in connection with 
sales of franchises and that identifying information about Your Franchised Business may be 
provided to prospective franchisees. Nothing in this paragraph prevents RYTECH from using or 
transferring Carrier or Customer Information (which belongs to RYTECH) in any way it deems 
advisable, subject to applicable law. 
7.2.9   Inspections and Quality Assurance 
RYTECH will conduct periodic quality control inspections of Your Franchised Business 
during normal business hours. Quality control inspections may be made with or without prior 
notice and may be made by third parties. You and Your employees will also cooperate fully with 
RYTECH if it wishes to inspect Your employees' performance to determine if Service 
performance meets the Standards. In addition, RYTECH may use such other means as it deems 
advisable to assure itself that You are operating Your Franchised Business in accordance with the 
Standards. You must promptly correct any deficiencies in Your operation of which RYTECH 
advises You. You must take immediate, effective steps to bring Your operation up to the 
Standards. 
7.2.10  
Data Transmission 
 
