 
 
10 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
3.51 
Open Area. "Open Area" means zip codes that are not assigned as part of any Territory, 
in which any franchisee may provide Services with the prior written approval of RYTECH. 
 
3.52 
Permanently Disabled. "Permanently Disabled" means being subject to any physical, 
emotional or mental injury, illness or incapacity that prevents an individual from performing his 
or her obligations under this Agreement or under any guaranty of franchisee's obligations under 
this Agreement for at least 90 consecutive days, and from which recovery is unlikely within 90 
days from the date such person is determined to be Permanently Disabled. 
 
3.53 
Person. "Person" means an individual or an Entity. 
 
3.54 
Products. "Products" means those items, other than Services, that RYTECH authorizes 
You to offer, sell or lease to Customers and Carriers and/or others, including Equipment. 
 
3.55 
Related Party. "Related Party" or "Related Parties" means Persons affiliated with either 
RYTECH or You, as the context indicates in this Agreement, including Persons owning or 
otherwise having a Substantial Interest in RYTECH or in You, Persons in which RYTECH or You 
have a Substantial Interest, and Persons in which any Person owning a Substantial Interest in You 
also has a Substantial Interest, and each of Your officers and directors. If any of You is an 
individual, the spouse of each such individual is a Related Party; the spouse of an individual who 
has a direct or indirect Substantial Interest in You is a Related Party. As used in this paragraph, 
the phrase "Substantial Interest" means the right to 10% or more of the capital or earnings of a 
Person. A Person may become a Related Party after the execution of this Agreement or may cease 
to be a Related Party during the Term. 
 
3.56 
Renewal Agreement. "Renewal Agreement" means RYTECH's then-current form of 
Franchise Agreement, modified to reflect the fact that the Franchised Business is already operating, 
that a franchisee signs for an additional term at the end of the then-current term of an expiring 
Franchise Agreement or at such earlier time as RYTECH may permit. The Renewal Agreement 
may contain terms, conditions and obligations different than this Franchise Agreement, including 
different economic terms.  
 
3.57 
Respondent.  "Respondent" means the party receiving the notice of initiation of the ADR 
Process. 
 
3.58 
Reviews.  “Onsite Peer Reviews” means a peer review of a third party supplier performed 
on the site of the loss.  
 
3.59 
Royalty Fee. "Royalty Fee" means the continuing monthly fee that You will pay, as set 
forth in Section 6.2, Royalty Fee and Gross Revenue Report. 
 
3.60  RyPay. “RyPay” is a RYTECH Program that collects all payments from Carriers for Your 
