 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        19             
 
 
Item 10: FINANCING 
 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease or obligation.   
 
 
Item 11: FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER 
SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, Rytech is not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
(1) 
Pre-Opening Obligations.  Prior to opening your Franchised Business, we are obligated under the 
Franchise Agreement to make available to you, or assist you in obtaining, the following: 
 
 
 
A. 
You may begin your Franchised Business from a home office or a commercial office. We 
do not assist you in selecting, locating or negotiating the purchase or lease of your office. There is no 
required time limit to locate an office since you may begin operations from home. (Franchise Agreement 
["FA"], § 7). We do not approve your office except that we require you to operate from within your territory.  
We also require that the office furniture, fixtures, and decor must at all times be professional, clean, and in 
good condition if you operate a commercial office.  (FA §4)  
  
B.  
Assist you in setting up your office, if requested.  (FA §7). 
 
 
C. 
Provide initial training of you and your employees, at times and locations designated by us.  
(FA, § 5). 
 
 
D. 
Provide you with a list of approved items and supplier of equipment, fixtures, inventory, 
supplies, and forms and lists of approved suppliers for those items. You must purchase, or already own, the 
equipment and supplies on Equipment and Supply Package, See Attachment 2 to the Franchise Agreement.  
If you purchase these items, you must purchase them from us or one of our approved suppliers.   (FA, § 5). 
 
  
E.       Loan you the Rytech Confidential Operations Manual and other manuals and training aids for 
use in the System, as they may be revised by us from time to time. (FA, § 5). 
 
 
F. 
Provide you advice and guidance in preparing to open the Rytech Office, including 
standards and procedures for obtaining inventory and supplies, providing approved services, advertising and 
promoting the business, and operating the business.  (FA, § 5). 
 
 
G. 
   Assist you in establishing certain limited administrative services that will be provided by 
Rytech Admin Services,  our affiliate. (FA, §5). 
 
 
H. 
Assist you access to the Mobile Data Transfer Platform. (FA § 5). 
 
2. 
Length of Time for Open.  
We estimate that the typical length of time between the signing of 
the Franchise Agreement and opening of your business is two to three months.  Factors affecting time to 
open include whether you operate from your residence or rent commercial space, attendance at and 
satisfactory completion of our initial training program, arranging for any financing, construction, complying 
