 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM 
TO 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.2 1 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit the franchisor from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the franchisee to 
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document or agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce (1) any of the franchisee’s rights as provided 
for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C or (2) franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with Minnesota Statutes, 
Section 80C. 14, Subd. 3-5, which require (except in certain specified cases) (1) that a franchisee be given 90 
days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the franchise 
agreement and (2) that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
The franchisor will protect the franchisee’s rights to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes 
or other commercial symbols or indemnify the franchisee from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any 
claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
 
Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the trademarks. Refer to Minnesota 
Statues, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g). 
 
Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a general 
release. 
 
The franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. The franchisor may seek injunctive 
relief. See Minn. Rules 2860.4400J. 
 
Also, a court will determine if a bond is required. 
 
The Limitations of Claims section must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C. 17, Subd. 5.  No action 
may be commenced under this Section more than three years after the cause of action accrues. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed with the franchise.   
 
Pertinent sections of the Franchise Agreement are amended to comply with the above referenced requirements 
of the Minnesota Franchise Act.  
 
 
 
