 
 
23 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
(together with service charges, interest and Late Fees, as applicable). When You file the Gross 
Revenue report for the applicable period, RYTECH will, if applicable, debit Your designated bank 
account for any underpayment or credit any overpayment against the next Royalty Fee due. 
RYTECH will retain any interest on any overage that RYTECH has debited due to Your failure to 
timely file a Gross Revenue report. RYTECH's debiting of an estimated Royalty Fee will not 
constitute a waiver of RYTECH's right to collect the full amount of fees due nor of RYTECH's 
right to declare a default for Your failure to file the Gross Revenue report and/or timely pay 
Royalty Fees and other amounts due. 
6.4 
Audit 
RYTECH will have the right at all reasonable times to review, inspect, audit and copy Your 
books and records, including Your tax returns, with respect to Your Franchised Business. If the 
inspection or audit discloses an underpayment of Royalty Fees or other fees or amounts payable 
under this Agreement, You will immediately pay these amounts to RYTECH together with 
accrued interest on the amount underpaid, in accordance with Section 6.6, Interest on Late 
Payments, of this Agreement. In addition, if the underpayment exceeds 3% of the total Royalty 
Fees payable for any period covered under the audit, You will reimburse RYTECH or its agents 
for all expenses actually incurred by RYTECH or its agents in connection with the audit. If You 
are an Entity for which separate books, records, and/or tax returns are not prepared (that is, You 
are a subsidiary of an Entity for which only consolidated Financial Statements are required to be 
prepared), You must make available for audit those books, records, schedules, tax returns, and/or 
work papers relating to Your assets, liabilities, and operations that RYTECH deems necessary. If 
you operate a business in affiliations with, connection with or otherwise complimentary to 
(“Franchisee Affiliated Business”) Your Franchised Business, Rytech shall have the right to Audit 
the books for the Franchisee Affiliated Business.  For example, if you operate a general contracting 
business under a different business entity, then Rytech has the right to Audit the general 
contracting business’s books to the same degree as set forth above.   
6.5 
Additional Fees 
In addition to the fees included in this Section 6, You must pay such other fees and costs 
as are described elsewhere in this Agreement. 
6.6 
Interest on Late Payments 
Any payment not received by RYTECH within 30 days after payment is due will bear 
interest at 18% per year or at the highest rate allowed by applicable law on the date when payment 
is due, whichever is less, commencing the date the payment was due.   Interest charges on late 
payments are intended to partially compensate RYTECH for loss of use of the funds, a cost which 
would otherwise be difficult to measure precisely. The fact that interest charges are imposed 
should not be construed as a waiver of RYTECH's right to timely payment or an agreement or 
commitment by RYTECH to extend credit to or otherwise finance Your operation of Your 
Franchised Business. 
