 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        29             
  Provision  
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement        
  Summary 
(including a then-current franchise agreement, guaranty and 
confidentiality agreement); d.  sign a general release; e.  pay us a 
renewal fee; f.  Sign a general release as prescribed by us.  (If your 
state prohibits the giving of a general release for the renewal of a 
franchise this will not be required.  The general release will not apply 
to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Act.) 
You may be asked to sign a contract with materially different terms 
and conditions then your original contract; provided however the 
boundaries of your territory will remain the same and the continuing 
royalty on renewal will not be greater than the continuing royalty 
that we impose on similarly situated renewing Franchisees.  
d.  Termination by  
Franchisee. 
FA § 11 
a. You may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you and we agree 
in writing; or b.  If we have not cured a breach within 60 days after 
receiving notice of the breach from you. (Subject to state law.) 
e.  Termination by  
Franchisor without cause. 
FA  
Not Applicable 
f.   Termination by 
Franchisor with cause. 
FA § 11 
We may terminate you only if you default.  The Franchise 
Agreement describes defaults throughout – please read it carefully. 
(Subject to state law).  
g.  "Cause" defined-
curable defaults 
FA § 11 
 
 
On notice to You or Your Related Parties, if applicable:  
a. fail to provide required information or reports, failure to obtain 
required confidentiality agreements or non-competes;  b.do not 
successfully complete initial training, do not attend required training, 
fail to operate in accordance with the Agreement or Manuals; c. fail 
to  offer all Core Services  or You offer unauthorized services or 
products; d. fail to attend at least 2 franchise meetings per year; e. 
fail to perform required background checks on your employees and 
Related Parties; f. material breach of the franchise agreement;  g. fail 
to make payments, fail to maintain insurance, lose a required license; 
failure to meet minimum sales requirement.  
h.  "Cause" defined non-
curable defaults. 
FA § 11 
Automatic, without notice: bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, 
dissolution, or levy. 
On notice to You or Your Related Parties, if applicable:  
a. Misuse the Marks or System, or actions that damage Goodwill; b.  
Abandon the Franchise Business; c. Operates the RYTECH Office in 
a manner that violates any federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation 
or ordinance, or, constitutes a threat to public safety or health; d.  
Material misrepresentation on initial application; e.  Attempted 
assignment without permission; f.  Disclosure of confidential 
information or Manual without permission; g.  Repeated failure to 
comply with Manual; h.  Repeated breach of Franchise Agreement; i.  
Failure to comply with Franchise Agreement or any other Agreement 
between You and Us; j.  Are convicted of a felony, crime of moral 
turpitude, criminal misconduct or damage the goodwill of Company; 
k.  Provide Services to a Customer or Carrier in another Territory 
without prior written approval.  
