 
 
7 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
officer or director level personnel, management information systems personnel, or human 
resources personnel). 
 
3.23 
Customers. "Customers" means Persons that engage Your Franchised Business, or any 
other Franchised Business, to provide Services or sell Products to Homeowners or Businesses. The 
definition of Customers includes Carrier accounts you receive under Carrier programs.  
 
3.24 
Customer Agreement. "Customer Agreement" means a written agreement between You 
and a Customer for the provision of Services. 
 
3.25 
Customer Information. "Customer Information" means any and all of, or any 
combination of, the name, contact information, Services provided, payment history, and 
relationship history of any Customer, without regard to how the Customer Information is compiled 
or designated, who has compiled the Customer Information, or the medium in which it is 
maintained. All Customer Information belongs to RYTECH and it may use or transfer the 
Customer Information in its sole judgment, subject to applicable law. 
 
3.26 
Designated Manager. "Designated Manager" means the person, regardless of title, whom 
You have appointed to fulfill the functions of a general manager (as that term is generally 
understood) of Your Franchised Business. 
 
3.27 
Dispute. "Dispute" means any claim or controversy arising out of or related to (i) this 
Agreement (including any claim that the Agreement or any of its provisions is invalid, illegal, or 
otherwise voidable or void), (ii) the relationship between You and RYTECH, and/or (iii) Your 
operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
3.28 
EFT. "EFT" means electronic funds transfer. 
 
3.29   Effective Date. "Effective Date" means the date the agreement was signed by Rytech 
Franchising, Inc. 
 
3.30 
Entity. "Entity" means any legal entity, including but not limited to, a trust, a corporation, 
a general or limited partnership (regardless of whether the partnership has been formalized or exists 
as a matter of law), or a limited liability company. 
 
3.31 
Equipment. "Equipment" means technology and equipment, as further described in the 
Manual. 
 
3.32 
Financial Statements. "Financial Statements" means and includes a balance sheet, an 
income statement and a statement of owners' equity as of a particular date and for the fiscal period 
then ended, prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, 
consistently applied, and in accordance with the chart of accounts that RYTECH specifies. If You 
