 
 
43 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
7.12   Other Obligations 
You agree to fulfill all other obligations required under this Agreement, the Manual and 
the other documents and agreements set forth by RYTECH from time to time. 
8. ADVERTISING, BRANDING, AND INTERNET 
8.1    National Ad Fund 
(a) 
RYTECH has the right to establish the National Ad Fund at a time determined by 
RYTECH, to promote the goodwill and public image of the System, Network, and Marks and to 
develop brand enhancement programs and materials as RYTECH deems appropriate. "Brand 
enhancement" includes advertising, marketing, promotions, public relations, account 
management, consulting services, lobbying efforts, carrier meetings, conferences and other brand 
development activities and materials designed to promote the goodwill and public image of the 
System, Network, and Marks. 
(b) 
Once RYTECH establishes the National Ad Fund, You must make monthly 
contributions to it, based on Your monthly Gross Revenue. RYTECH may change the percentage 
contribution every two years. In any case, Your contribution will be no less than 1% of Your 
monthly Gross Revenue and no more than 3% of Your monthly Gross Revenue. You will make 
the monthly contribution to the National Ad Fund via RyPay or by EFT, as the case may be. For 
any Company-owned Units, RYTECH will contribute to the National Ad Fund on the same basis 
as Franchised Businesses, including any reduction in the contribution percentage for Franchised 
Businesses.  
(c) 
RYTECH will determine the content and the format of all brand enhancement 
activities by the National Ad Fund, the creative concepts, materials, content, and endorsements 
used in these activities, and the geographic, market, and media placement and allocation of all 
brand enhancement activities of the National Ad Fund. RYTECH may use any form of media for 
any brand enhancement activities it authorizes. RYTECH may use any part of the National Ad 
Fund to pay for anything whose sole purpose is the marketing of franchises. You acknowledge 
that National Ad Fund may pay for media, materials and programs, including one or more 
consumer-oriented System Websites that may contain information about and/or support 
franchising opportunities and sales. RYTECH may use the National Ad Fund (including any 
interest that may accrue on National Ad Fund contributions) to fund or pay: 
(i) The costs of designing, conducting, and administering local, regional, and/or 
national public relations projects and events intended to enhance the goodwill and public 
image of the System, Network, and Marks, including participation in and/or joint public 
relations projects with RYTECH Affiliates and/or others; 
(ii) The costs of market research, including third party customer satisfaction surveys, 
branding studies, and similar programs; 
(iii) The costs of preparing, producing, and placing brand enhancement materials in 
any medium (video, audio, written, electronically-disseminated materials or other 
