 
 
52 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
that arises directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or in connection with (a) any act or failure to 
act of You, any of Your Related Parties, or any of Your employees, or any person controlled by 
You or under contract with You; (b) the operation of Your Franchised Business; (c) any breach of 
this Agreement or any agreement, document or instrument executed pursuant to this Agreement, 
in connection with this Agreement, or concurrently with it; (d) any breach of any of Your 
representations and warranties or those of any of Your Related Parties; (e) any death or personal 
injury or property damage occurring at or related to the operation of Your Franchised Business; 
and/or (f) any violation of any law, rule, regulation or ordinance relating to the Franchised Business 
by You, any of Your Related Parties, and/or any of Your employees. Each of the foregoing is an 
"Event." Your obligation to indemnify applies regardless of whether any claim resulted from any 
strict or vicarious liability imposed by law on any of the Indemnified Parties.  
(b) 
You must immediately undertake the defense of any legal action against or 
involving any of the Indemnified Parties and must retain reputable, competent and experienced 
counsel to represent the interests of the Indemnified Parties. You must notify RYTECH of the 
identity of counsel not less than forty-eight (48) hours before retaining counsel and RYTECH will 
have the right within the specified time period to approve or disapprove counsel. You may not 
settle any legal action without the specific prior written consent of each Indemnified Party named 
in the action and of RYTECH. At Your expense and risk, RYTECH may elect to assume (but 
under no circumstance is RYTECH obligated to undertake) the defense and/or settlement of the 
Event, provided that RYTECH will seek Your advice and counsel. Any such assumption by 
RYTECH will not modify Your indemnification obligation. RYTECH may, in its sole judgment, 
take such actions as RYTECH deems necessary and appropriate to investigate, defend, or settle 
any event or take other remedial or corrective actions with respect to the Event as may be, in 
RYTECH's sole judgment, necessary for the protection of the Indemnified Parties, the System, 
and/or the Network. In addition, any of the Indemnified Parties will have the right to retain 
independent counsel and to participate in the defense, compromise, or settlement of the action. 
Neither RYTECH nor any other Indemnified Party will be required to seek recovery from third 
parties or otherwise mitigate their Losses and Expenses to recover the full amount of their 
respective indemnified Losses and Expenses from You. 
 
(c) 
If You have timely notified RYTECH of a claim involving the Marks as required 
by Section 7.1.3 of this Agreement and if You comply with the other requirements of Section 7.1.3, 
RYTECH will indemnify and hold You harmless from all expenses and liabilities arising from or 
connected to a claim that Your operation of Your Franchised Business in strict accordance with 
this Agreement infringed or infringes the trademark or service mark rights of any third party 
claimant. If You are made a party to a legal proceeding in connection with any such alleged 
infringement, RYTECH will defend You at its expense, provided You have complied with the 
requirements of Section 7.1.3 and subject to RYTECH's right to settle or pursue any such action 
upon such terms as it, in its sole judgment, believes prudent. 
 
