 
 
45 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
and duties. You agree that, regardless of the legal form the National Ad Fund takes, the National 
Ad Fund will not be deemed a trust and that RYTECH has no fiduciary obligation to You with 
respect to the National Ad Fund. Within ninety (90) days after the close of RYTECH's fiscal year, 
RYTECH will prepare an unaudited statement of contributions to and expenditures by the National 
Ad Fund during that fiscal year. RYTECH will furnish that annual statement to You upon Your 
written request; RYTECH will not prepare interim reports. 
(f) 
RYTECH will attempt to spend National Ad Fund contributions so as to provide 
benefits the RYTECH brand, but RYTECH has no obligation to ensure that expenditures by the 
National Ad Fund in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to the 
contributions to the National Ad Fund by Franchised Businesses operating in that area or that any 
Franchised Business, including Yours, will benefit in any manner directly or in proportion to its 
contribution to the National Ad Fund. You acknowledge that Your failure to derive any 
proportionate, direct, or quantifiable benefit from National Ad Fund activities and expenditures 
will not serve as a basis for a claim against RYTECH or the National Ad Fund or a reduction or 
elimination of Your obligation to contribute to the National Ad Fund. 
(g) 
RYTECH may spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate 
contribution of all Franchised Businesses to the National Ad Fund in that year. RYTECH may 
advance monies to the National Ad Fund, charge the National Ad Fund interest on those advances 
at one percent above the prime rate then designated by any major bank RYTECH selects, and 
authorize repayment of the advances from the National Ad Fund. RYTECH will retain in the 
National Ad Fund for future use any amounts that are not disbursed in a given fiscal year. 
(h) 
RYTECH may terminate the National Ad Fund at any time. If RYTECH does so, it 
will first either, at its option, expend all monies in the National Ad Fund for brand enhancement 
purposes or return contributions to Franchised Businesses on a pro-rata basis based on their 
contributions. 
8.2      Alliances and Other Marketing Programs 
RYTECH may initiate, establish, and/or coordinate cooperative marketing, alliances, 
marketing and sales programs, provider relationships (for example, for member groups or 
employee groups), and other similar programs or activities as RYTECH deems appropriate. These 
programs or activities may be on a local, regional or national basis or based on the market 
orientation of the Franchised Businesses, and they may include participation by facilities other 
than RYTECH. RYTECH believes that participation in alliances and other such programs can be 
critical to Your Franchised Business's success and RYTECH may require You to participate in 
these programs and activities. Participation in these programs and activities may require You to 
incur program-related expenses and/or to accept a uniform fee schedule (which may set fees at a 
discount to the fees You normally charge). In addition, we may charge You a reasonable fee for 
participation. 
