 
 
19 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
You will monitor and access the Website, intranet, or extranet for any updates to the Manual. Any 
password or other digital identification necessary to access the Manual on a Website, intranet, or 
extranet will be deemed to be Confidential Information belonging to RYTECH, subject to Section 
7.9, Confidential Information, of this Agreement. 
5.6 
Initial Equipment Package 
 
 
(a) 
You must purchase an initial amount of equipment and supplies from our approved 
suppliers prior to the opening of the Franchised Business.   The list of initial equipment and 
supplies is noted on Attachment 2.  You agree to pay for the equipment and supplies at the time of 
ordering.  You may pay a different price if the equipment and supplies are purchased from 
approved suppliers.  Purchases from approved suppliers will be paid in accordance with the 
requirements of the respective suppliers.  You must provide proof of delivery of the contents of 
the initial equipment and supply package before opening if they are not bought from RYTECH.  
RYTECH may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of required equipment and supplies if 
RYTECH approves of equipment that You already own. RYTECH may, at any time upon written 
notice, require you to purchase any or all of the equipment and/or supplies from RYTECH or any 
of our affiliates.   
 
...... 
(b)  
RYTECH may provide You with specifications for brands and types of any 
equipment, fixtures, displays, exterior and interior signs and decorating accessories required for 
operating the Rytech Office, at Your expense.  Specifications may include minimum standards for 
design, appearance and local zoning, sign and other restrictions.  You may purchase or lease 
original and replacement equipment, fixtures, sign and decorating materials and services meeting 
the specifications from any source, as approved by RYTECH.  If You propose to purchase or lease 
any item of equipment, fixture, sign or decorating material, or other item not previously approved 
by RYTECH, You must comply with the terms for our approval including paying a reasonable fee 
for approval.  
5.7 
Suppliers and Warranty 
(a) 
 RYTECH will give You, in the Manual or otherwise in writing, a list of names and 
addresses of approved or designated (sole) suppliers of goods and services. RYTECH may update 
the list of approved or designated suppliers from time to time. You agree that RYTECH and/or 
Affiliates of RYTECH may be approved or designated suppliers of goods and services and that 
RYTECH and/or its Affiliates may take a mark-up on goods and services it or they sell or lease to 
You. 
(b) 
To the extent possible, RYTECH will pass on to You the benefit of any warranty it 
receives from the manufacturer of the Equipment. You acknowledge that RYTECH is not the 
manufacturer of the Equipment and that RYTECH does not itself provide monitoring and related 
services that You will provide as part of Technology Services. RYTECH ITSELF MAKES NO 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF THE EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES THAT ARE 
