 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Disclosure Document, 2025 
 
 
                                                                        23             
at another location of our choice. The first phase of the initial franchise management training program can last 
for up to 10 business days. The initial training program uses the Manual developed by us, other written 
materials provided by approved vendors, pre-classroom preparatory work, classroom training and “on the job 
training.”  (FA § 5) 
 
We will provide the second phase of the training program to you, for a period of up to 5 business days, starting 
on a date mutually agreed upon after your opening the Rytech service business, at the your office and at our 
expense. (FA § 5) 
 
You, as the owner of a Rytech Franchised Business, and any technician(s) employed by you must be certified 
by the IICRC and adhere to the following: ANSI /IICRC S500, Standard and Reference Guide for Professional 
Water Damage Restoration when performing Applied Structural Drying; ANSI/IICRC S520, Standard and 
Reference Guide for Professional Mold Remediation, R520 when performing Mold Remediation projects.  In 
addition, you must adhere to the following: IICRC S100, Standard and Reference Guide for Professional 
Carpet Cleaning, when performing carpet cleaning; RIA Guidelines for Fire & Smoke Damage Repair; CRI 
(Carpet and Rug Institute) Carpet Installation Standard, when Carpet is re-installed and cushion replaced. 
There may be additional certification requirements depending on services offered by you.  
 
We require that each individual franchisee attend the management training program.  We provide the initial 
training at no additional charge for you and one of your employees.  Although the initial training sessions are 
provided to you at no charge, you are responsible for travel expenses, lodging, wages, meals, car rental, and 
airfare of all of your trainees.  We may require any other principal or employee of the Franchisee who is (or 
later becomes) actively involved in the management of the Franchised Business, to attend and satisfactorily 
complete all initial training programs as we may require. (FA § 5) 
 
Our Director of Training and Development manages our training program.  In addition to our Director4 of 
Training and Development, company employees and other existing franchisees may also participate in 
providing training to new Franchisees and their employees. (FA § 5) 
 
The initial management training program is conducted at our headquarters or other location of our choice on 
an "as needed" basis. There is no set time for training new Franchisees and includes instruction in these 
subjects: 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
   Subject 
 
 Hours of 
Classroom 
 Training 
Hours  of On- the- Job    
Training 
 
Location   
 
Office Procedure 
Administration 
   2-6 Hours 
8-16 Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
locations 
Job Scope  - 
Utilizing MICA 
   2-8 Hours 
24-48 Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
locations 
Marketing/Sales 
   1-2 Hours 
32-40  Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
locations 
Water Damage 
Production – 
Utilizing MICA 
    8-12 Hours 
16-24 Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
locations   
Mold 
4-8 Hours 
24-32 Hours 
Atlanta, Georgia or other designated 
