 
 
5 
 
 
 
Rytech Franchise Agreement, 2025 
 
3.10 
Beneficial Ownership. "Beneficial Ownership" means, as applicable, (a) direct or indirect 
ownership of all or any portion of an Entity's voting stock if it is a corporation; (b) direct or indirect 
ownership of all or any portion of the rights to capital and/or profits if the Entity is a limited 
liability company, a partnership of any kind (regardless of whether the partnership has been 
formalized or exists as a matter of law), or any Entity other than a corporation, or (c) direct 
ownership of the Franchised Business by any one or more individuals. 
 
3.11 
National Ad Fund. "National Ad Fund" means the vehicle that RYTECH has established 
and developed in accordance with Section 8.1, National Ad Fund, to enhance the goodwill, brand 
System, Network, and Marks and to develop Brand enhancement programs and materials.  
 
3.12 
Business Day. "Business Day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a holiday 
on which the U.S. Postal Service does not deliver mail. 
 
3.13 
Carrier.  
"Carrier" means an insurance company, or third-party administrator for a 
Carrier, for whom You or another franchisee may provide Services under a Carrier program to 
provide Services to the Carriers’ insured. Rytech Carrier programs may be state-wide, regional or 
national accounts.   
 
3.14 
Carrier Information. “Carrier Information” means any and all of, or any combination of, 
the name, contact information, Services provided, payment history, and relationship history of any 
Carrier, without regard to how the Carrier Information is compiled or designated, who has 
compiled the Carrier Information, or the medium in which it is maintained. All Carrier Information 
belongs to RYTECH and it may use or transfer the Carrier Information in its sole judgment, subject 
to applicable law. 
 
3.15 
Catastrophic Event. “Catastrophic Event”  means a declared domestic disaster and 
emergency, whether natural or man-made physical causing damages in the affected area and 
affects a significant number of homeowners, or property owners within a defined geographic area. 
Such events or circumstances may include, but are not limited to, natural disasters such as 
earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tropical storms, freeze events, high wind events, tornadoes, 
tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and wildfires; or man-made disasters such as explosions, and 
chemical or biological contamination. 
 
3.16 
Company-owned Unit. "Company-owned Unit" means a RYTECH business owned or 
operated by RYTECH, its parent, Affiliate or one of its principals. 
 
3.17 
Competitive Business. "Competitive Business" means (a) a business that derives any 
revenues from providing any Core Services or Additional Services including any services that 
RYTECH may now or in the future authorize You or other franchisees to offer in connection with 
the operation of Franchised Businesses and/or (b) a business that offers franchises or provides 
