and agreements and if any court makes a final determination that the restraints provided for in any
such covenants and agreements are too broad as to the area, activity or time covered, said area,
activity or time covered may be reduced to whatever extent the court deems reasonable, and such
covenants and agreements may be enforced as to such reduced area, activity or time.

       8.      Principal Operator.

       You must designate an individual to serve as your "Principal Operator” to supervise the
development process and oversee the operation of each Restaurant. The Principal Operator shall
meet the following qualifications:

                (a)     The Principal Operator must own at least a 5% equity interest in you;
provided that you will not be in default of this requirement if the Principal Operator is entitled to
a bonus of not less than 5% of the net profits of the Restaurant(s), payable after the end of each
Period (as defined in the Franchise Agreement), and also has the right to acquire not less than 5%
equity interest in you within 12 months of his or her hire date, which rights must be evidenced by
a written agreement between the Principal Operator and you. You must provide us with a copy of
any such agreement upon request. Once the Principal Operator has acquired an equity interest in
you, he or she must continue to own that interest (or a greater interest) during the entire period he
or she serves as the Principal Operator and must comply with Section 6.(e) of this Agreement.

                (b)    The Principal Operator must devote full time and best efforts to the
supervision and conduct of the development and operation of the Restaurant(s) contemplated under
this Agreement and must agree to be bound by the confidentiality and non-competition provisions
of the Owner Agreement. At such time as the Principal Operator becomes an owner of an interest
in you, he or she must agree to be bound by all provisions of the Owner Agreement.

               (c)    The Principal Operator must be a person we reasonably approve who
successfully completes, to our satisfaction, our initial training requirements and must participate
in and successfully complete, to our satisfaction, all additional training as we may reasonably
designate.

              (d)    The Principal Operator must be proficient in writing and speaking English,
to ensure compliance with our operational standards and to ensure efficient communication with
customers and us.

       If, at any time or for any reason, the Principal Operator no longer qualifies to act as such,
you must promptly designate another Principal Operator subject to the same qualifications listed
above. You must immediately notify us of the termination of the Principal Operator's employment
with you, whether voluntary or involuntary.




                                                 12
