time to time includes a reduction from the market price, in accordance with Price Formula. See
Section 5.5 regarding the resolution of an Accumulated Cheese Purchased Receivable in the case of
termination of the Agreement.

             4.4. Payment Terms. All sales of the Product shall be subject to PJFS's standard
payment terms and conditions in effect from time to time.

                4.5. Audits. Buyer or a representative of Buyer shall have the right at Buyer’s expense
to audit PJFS’s books and records relating to (a) the determination of the Product Price by application
of the Price Formula, including but not limited to the calculation of an Accumulated Cheese Purchase
Liability or Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable, if any, and (b) the calculation of a Liability
Repayment or Receivable Refund, if any. Any such audit shall be conducted during regular business
hours at PJFS’s offices upon at least ten (10) days’ advance written notice. If such audit discloses that
Buyer (i) has paid more for the Product than required under this Agreement, or (ii) has been assessed
a Liability Repayment greater than required under this Agreement, or has been paid or credited with
a Receivable Refund less than required under this Agreement, PJFS shall promptly refund any such
overpayment, or pay any such underpayment, to Buyer. If any such overpayment or underpayment
exceeds five percent (5%) of the amount so paid by or due to Buyer, as the case may be, then PJFS
shall also pay for the cost of the audit. If any such audit involves disclosure of confidential or
proprietary information, including but not limited to information subject to protection under PJFS’s
agreement with its cheese supplier, Buyer and any representative of Buyer shall execute and deliver
such confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with respect to such information as PJFS may
reasonably require.

       5. Term; Termination.

                5.1. Initial Term; Renewals. The term of this Agreement commences on the
Effective Date and continues for a term expiring at the next Period-end following the expiration of
three years after the Effective Date (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, this Agreement automatically
renews for successive terms of twelve (12) Periods (each a “Renewal Term”), unless sooner terminated
as provided in this Section 5. When used in this Agreement, the word “Term” means the Initial Term
and each Renewal Term, if any.

                5.2. Termination by PJFS . This Agreement may be terminated by PJFS (a) effective
thirty (30) days following Buyer’s failure to cure a material breach of this Agreement following notice
of breach by PJFS, and (b) at any time upon notice of termination delivered to Buyer at least ninety
(90) days prior to the effective date of such termination, with such termination effective as of the end
of the next subsequent Period in which the Cheese-Purchasing Program ends in an Accumulated
Cheese Purchase Receivable Position. If the Agreement is terminated by PJFS, Buyer will be eligible
to receive a payment with respect to any Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable, as provided in
Section 5.5, subject to any offsets arising out of Buyer’s payment obligations to PJI or its affiliates and
subsidiaries.

              5.3. Termination by Buyer . Buyer may terminate this Agreement with respect to one
or more Restaurants (a) effective thirty (30) days following PJFS’s failure to cure a material breach of
this Agreement following notice of breach by Buyer; (b ) effective at the end of the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term, upon notice of termination delivered to PJFS at least ninety (90) days prior to the
                                                     4
