time frame set forth in subsection 3.(g) below, and you may exercise each such development right
only at locations that we have approved within the Development Area.

               (b)     With respect to each proposed location:

                        (i)    You must submit a completed site evaluation form, together with
such other information and materials as we may reasonably request. We will not unreasonably
withhold our approval of a location. In approving or disapproving any proposed site, we will
consider such matters as we deem material, including, without limitation:               demographic
characteristics of the proposed site; traffic patterns; parking; the predominant character of the
neighborhood; competition from other businesses providing similar services within the area
(including other Papa Johns Restaurants); the proximity to other businesses; the rights granted to
our other franchisees; the nature of other businesses in proximity to the site; and other commercial
characteristics (including the purchase price or rental obligations and other lease terms for the
proposed site) and the size of the premises, appearance, and other physical characteristics of the
proposed site. A site must be approved for development. You must submit to us a fully executed
lease or deed that conveys either a fee or leasehold interest within one hundred twenty (120) days
prior to the date such Restaurant is required to be opened as outlined in the Development Schedule
(“Fully Executed Lease Date”). Construction must begin at least ninety (90) days prior to the date
such site is required to be opened as outlined in the Development Schedule (the “Construction
Start Date”). Failure to meet such Fully Executed Lease Date or Construction Start Date may
result in termination of the Development Agreement as outlined herein.

                          (ii)    Approval of a site by us does not constitute an assurance,
representation or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, as to the successful operation of a
Papa Johns Restaurant, or for any other purpose. Our approval of a site indicates only that we
believe the site complies with acceptable minimum criteria that we establish solely for our
purposes as of the time period encompassing the evaluation. You acknowledge that application of
criteria that have been effective with respect to other sites and premises may not be predictive of
potential for all sites. Further, demographic and/or economic factors included in our criteria could
change and other relevant factors that might alter the potential of a site may be excluded from our
criteria. The uncertainty and instability of such criteria are beyond our control. We are not
responsible if a site that we approve fails to meet your expectations as to potential revenue or
operational criteria or for your failure to locate the required number of suitable sites in the
Development Area. You further acknowledge that your acceptance of a Franchise for the operation
of a Papa Johns Restaurant at a site is based on your own independent investigation of the
suitability of a site.

                        (iii)   Any proposed lease for a standard Restaurant must include an
addendum in the form of Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement, or contain terms and conditions
substantially similar to those contained in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement. Any changes in
the language set forth in Exhibit A must be approved by us in advance in writing. The addendum
is not required for Non-Traditional Restaurants. If you intend to own the Premises, you shall
furnish to us proof of ownership prior to the date you begin any construction, build-out or
remodeling of the Premises.

                                                 5
