the Board has the right to terminate the Marketing Fund. However, the Marketing Fund will not be
terminated until all monies held by it have been expended for the purposes set forth in its Articles
of Incorporation and By-Laws or distributed as permitted by law.

                        (vii) Each member of the Marketing Fund (including us and our Affiliates), is
entitled to one vote per Restaurant (excluding non-traditional restaurants) it owns on certain changes
of the contribution rate, as described in Section 8.(a)(i).

               (c) Regional Cooperative Advertising. We have the right, in our sole discretion,
to designate a geographical area in which the Restaurant is located for the purpose of establishing
an advertising cooperative (the "Cooperative"). If a Cooperative has been established applicable to
the Restaurant at the time you commence operations, you are deemed to be a member of such
Cooperative upon the date the Restaurant opens for business. If a Cooperative applicable to the
Restaurant is established at any later time during the Term, you automatically become a member of
such Cooperative, by virtue of your execution of this Agreement, on the date the Cooperative
commences operation. In no event will the Restaurant be required to contribute to more than one
Cooperative. We may designate, from time to time, a formula for calculating a proration or reduction
of the contribution rate for Papa Johns restaurants in a Cooperative based on media coverage,
demographics or other factors. The following provisions apply to each Cooperative:

                       (i)     Each Cooperative will be organized and governed in a form and
manner conforming to applicable state law but your obligation hereunder to participate in and make
monetary contributions to a Cooperative is not dependent on any organizational formalities. Each
Cooperative must commence operation on a date that we approve or designate, which, for purposes
of this Agreement, constitutes the date that the Cooperative is established. Your contribution
obligation will commence on that date (or on the date of this Agreement, if a Cooperative applicable to
the Restaurant has already been established at that time).

                       (ii)    Each Cooperative is owned, operated and controlled by its members,
provided: (A) no dissolution of a Cooperative by its members will affect the requirement that all
restaurants in the area that we have specified must participate in a Cooperative; (B) member
contributions to the Cooperative must be expended for the purposes set forth in subsection (iii) of
this Section 8.(c) and may not be refunded, distributed or redistributed to members except with our
consent and approval or as required by applicable law; and (C) the terms of this Agreement
supersede and will prevail over any contradictory or conflicting: (1) provision of any bylaw or other
regulatory document of the Cooperative; or (2) decision or action of the Cooperative or its
membership or other governing body. On all matters to be voted on by the Cooperative's
membership, each member (including Papa Johns and our Affiliates) has one vote for each Papa
Johns restaurant it owns within the Cooperative’s geographical area (excluding non-traditional
restaurants). Each Cooperative must provide any existing bylaws or other regulatory document of
the Cooperative to us upon request.

                        (iii)     Each Cooperative has been or will be organized exclusively for the
purposes of producing and conducting general advertising, marketing and promotional programs and
activities, including print, electronic media, and sponsorships, for use in and around the applicable

                                                  15
