 deceptively similar to any of the Marks.

        The provisions of this Section 8.(i) also apply to Cooperatives.

       9.        Telephone Number. The only customer ordering telephone number assigned to the
Restaurant is ____________________ (the "Telephone Number"). You must not use the Telephone
Number for any other business. If you obtain any additional or substitute telephone service or tele-
phone number at the Restaurant, you must promptly notify us and such additional or substitute
number will be subject to this Agreement. You acknowledge that, as between us and you, we have
the sole right to and interest in all telephone numbers and directory listings associated with the
Restaurants or the Marks.

        Upon termination or expiration of the Franchise or transfer of the Restaurant:

                (i)    you must cease using the Telephone Number;

                  (ii) you must immediately take any and all actions as may be necessary to transfer
 the Telephone Number, any other telephone number publicized to customers and any telephone
 directory listings associated with the Restaurant or the Marks to us or our designee (or to a
 transferee, if applicable);

                 (iii) you will have no further right, title or interest in the telephone numbers and
 listings but you remain liable to the telephone company for all charges and fees owing to the tele-
 phone company on or before the effective date of the assignment hereunder;

                (iv)    as between us and you, we have the sole right to and interest in and to all
 telephone numbers and listings, including listing in online, digital or other electronic directories,
 associated with the Restaurant or the Marks;

                (v) you appoint us as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact to direct the telephone
 company or other directory provider to assign same to us, and execute such documents and take
 such actions as may be necessary to effectuate the assignment; and

                 (vi)    you must immediately notify the telephone company or other directory
 provider to assign the telephone numbers and listings to us. If you fail to promptly direct the
 telephone company or other directory provider to assign the telephone numbers and listings to us,
 we have the right to direct the telephone company or other directory provider to effectuate the
 Telephone Number Assignment. The telephone company or other directory provider may accept
 our written direction or this Agreement as conclusive proof of our exclusive rights in and to the
 telephone numbers and listings upon termination, expiration or transfer of the franchise and that
 such assignment will be automatically and immediately effective upon the telephone company's or
 other directory provider’s receipt of such notice from us or you. If the telephone company or other
 directory provider requires that the parties execute the telephone company's or other directory
 provider’s assignment forms or other documentation at the time of termination or expiration of the
 Franchise, our execution of such forms or documentation on your behalf constitutes your consent
 and agreement to the assignment. You will perform any and all acts and execute and deliver any

                                                -16
