and/or return to us upon expiration or termination of the Franchise; and further provided that we may
exclude from the assets purchased hereunder any equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory
that do not, as determined by us in our sole discretion, meet quality standards for Papa Johns
restaurants. If you and we are unable to agree on the fair market value of the assets, the fair market
value will be determined by an independent appraiser selected by us and you. If you and we are
unable to agree on a single appraiser, each party must select one appraiser, who must select a third
appraiser, and the fair market value will be the average of the three independent appraisals. The fees
and costs of such appraiser or appraisers will be borne equally by you and us. Except as provided
above, nothing contained herein restricts the manner in which the appraisers so selected value the
leasehold improvements, equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory.

                         (iii)  Closing. The purchase price will be paid in cash, a cash equivalent,
or marketable securities of equal value at the closing of the purchase, which must take place no later
than 90 days after receipt by you of notice of exercise of this option to purchase, at which time you
must deliver instruments transferring to us or our assignee: (1) good and merchantable title to the
assets purchased, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (other than liens and security interests
acceptable to us or our assignee), with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by you; and (2) all
licenses and permits of the Restaurant that may be assigned or transferred. If you cannot deliver
clear title to all of the purchased assets as aforesaid, or if there are other unresolved issues, the
closing of the sale may, at our election, be accomplished through an escrow. You must, before
closing, comply with all applicable legal requirements, including the bulk sales provisions of the
Uniform Commercial Code of the state in which the Restaurant is located. We have the right to set
off against and reduce the purchase price by any and all amounts owed by you to us or our Affiliates,
and the amount of any encumbrances or liens against the assets or any obligations assumed by us.
You and each owner of an interest in you must indemnify us against all liabilities not so assumed.

                      (iv)      Actions Pending Closing. If we or our assignee exercise this option
to purchase, pending the closing of such purchase as hereinabove provided, we have the right to
appoint a manager to maintain the operation of the Restaurant as set forth under Section 15.(b).
Alternatively, we may require you to close the Restaurant during such time period without removing
any assets from the Restaurant. You must maintain in force all insurance policies required pursuant
to this Agreement, until the closing on the sale.

       21.      Independent Contractor; Indemnification.

(a)     Independent Contractor. This Agreement creates only a contractual relationship between
the parties subject to normal rules of contract law. This Agreement does not create a fiduciary
relationship between us, and you and you are and will remain an independent contractor. Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to constitute either party an agent, legal representative, subsidiary,
joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant of the other for any purpose whatsoever. You will hold
yourself out to the public as an independent contractor, separate and apart from us. You will not
make any contract, agreement, warranty or representation on our behalf without our prior written
consent, nor incur any debt or other obligation in our name. This Agreement does not confer any
rights or benefits to any person or entity not expressly referenced herein.


                                                  52
