discretion, to designate from time to time a geographical area in which the Restaurant is located
for the purpose of establishing an advertising cooperative (the "Cooperative"). If a Cooperative
has been established applicable to the Restaurant at the time you commence operations, you
immediately become a non-voting member of such Cooperative. If a Cooperative applicable to
the Restaurant is established at any later time during the Term, you will become a non-voting
member of such Cooperative no later than 30 days after the date on which the Cooperative
commences operation. In no event will the Restaurant be required to contribute to more than one
Cooperative. We may designate, from time to time, a formula for calculating a proration or
reduction of the contribution rate for Papa Johns restaurants in a Cooperative based on media
coverage, demographics or other factors. The following provisions apply to each Cooperative:

                      (i)     Each Cooperative must be organized and governed in a form and
manner conforming to applicable state law, but your obligation hereunder to participate in and
make monetary contributions to a Cooperative is not dependent on any organizational formalities.
Each Cooperative will commence operation on a date that we approve or designate, which will,
for purposes of this Agreement, constitute the date that the Cooperative is "established." Your
contribution obligation will commence on that date (or on the date of this Agreement, if a
Cooperative applicable to the Restaurant has already been established at that time). On all matters
to be voted on by the Cooperative's membership, each voting member has one vote for each
standard Papa Johns restaurant it owns. Each Cooperative must provide any existing bylaws or
other regulatory document of the Cooperative to us upon request

                       (ii)    Each Cooperative is organized for the purposes of producing and
conducting general advertising, marketing and promotional programs and activities, including
print, electronic media, and sponsorships, for use in and around the applicable geographic area and
developing standardized promotional materials for use by the members and neither you nor the
Cooperative may use member contributions for any other purpose.

                       (iii) We will make contributions to each Cooperative of which we are a
member on the same basis as required of comparable Papa Johns restaurant franchisees within the
System.
                       (iv)  No advertising, marketing or promotional programs or materials
may be used by the Cooperative or furnished to its members, and no advertising, marketing or
promotional activities may be conducted by the Cooperative, without our prior written approval.
All such programs, materials and planned activities must be submitted to us for approval in
accordance with the procedure set forth below. Advertising agencies employed by a Cooperative
must be approved by us.

                      (v)    Subject to the provisions above, each Cooperative has the right to
require its members to make contributions to the Cooperative in such amounts as are determined
by the governing body of the Cooperative.


                                                16
