or any of our trade secrets, recipes, methods of operation, processes, formulas, advertising,
marketing, designs, trade dress, plans, software, programs, know-how or other proprietary ideas
or information nor will you convey, divulge, make available or communicate any such information
to any third party or assist others in doing so (except as permitted or required by this Agreement).

                (f)     Validity of Marks and Copyrights; Registrations. You will not, either
during the Term or any time thereafter, directly or indirectly challenge or contest the validity of,
or take any action to jeopardize our rights in or ownership of, any of the Marks or any registration
of a Mark or any Copyrighted Work. If you violate this provision, we will be entitled to equitable,
monetary and punitive remedies and any other relief that may be available under applicable law,
as well as the recovery of all costs, expenses and attorneys' fees incurred by us as a result of such
violation.

                (g)     Reasonableness of Scope and Duration. The covenants and agreements
contained herein are, taken as a whole, reasonable with respect to the activities covered and their
geographic scope and duration, and you will not raise any issue of the reasonableness of the areas,
activities or duration of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce any such covenants. You
acknowledge that you have other skills and resources and that the restrictions contained in this
Section 16 will not hinder your activities or ability to make a living either under this Agreement
or in general.

                (h)      Enforceability. We may not be adequately compensated by damages for a
breach by you of any of the covenants and agreements contained in this Section, and that we will,
in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance. The
covenants and agreements contained in this Section will be construed as separate covenants and
agreements, and if any court or arbitrator makes a final determination that the restraints provided
for in any such covenants and agreements are too broad as to the area, activity or time covered,
said area, activity or time covered may be reduced to whatever extent the court or arbitrator deems
reasonable, and such covenants and agreements may be enforced as to such reduced area, activity
or time.

        17.     Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. You understand that we have
disclosed or will disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets.
Except as necessary in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and as approved by us,
you may not, during the Term or at any time after the expiration or termination of the Franchise,
regardless of the cause of termination, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or
communicate or divulge to, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets,
confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning the recipes, food products,
advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software, programs or methods of operation of the
Restaurant or the System. You will disclose to your employees only such confidential,
proprietary or trade secret information as is necessary to operate your business hereunder and
then only while this Agreement is in effect. Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how,
                                                 38
