entity that is owned or controlled by, or that owns or controls, or is under common control with,
an identified person or entity, directly or through one or more intermediaries.

               (f)     Amendments. Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by us,
no supplement, amendment or variation of the terms of this Agreement is valid unless made in
writing and signed by the parties hereto.

                (g)     Waivers. No failure to exercise any right hereunder or to insist upon strict
compliance with any obligation, agreement or undertaking hereunder, and no custom or practice of
the parties at variance with the terms hereof, constitutes a waiver of any right to demand full and
exact compliance with the terms hereof. Waiver of any particular default does not affect or impair
any rights with respect to any subsequent default of the same or of a different nature, nor does any
delay or omission to exercise any right arising from such default affect or impair any rights as to
such default or any subsequent default.

                (h)     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which constitutes an original, and all of which together constitute one and the same
instrument. An electronic signature or execution of an electronic procedure indicating assent to
and intent to be bound by this Agreement constitutes execution and delivery of this Agreement.

               (i)     Headings. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience
only, and the paragraphs will be interpreted as if such headings were omitted.

              (j)      Time of Essence. Time is of the essence with regard to your obligations
hereunder and all of your obligations are material to us and this Agreement.

               (k)      Effective Date. This Agreement is effective only upon execution by an
authorized representative of Papa Johns and delivery to you. The date that we set forth in Section
25.(m) is the Effective Date of this Agreement (the “Effective Date”).

                (l)      Policies. We may, after consulting with the Franchise Advisory Council,
an advisory board representing our domestic franchisees, or any successor approved by us (the
"FAC"), periodically adopt and amend policies on: (i) how Alternative Ordering Areas are defined
and changed; (ii) restaurant closings; and (iii) PJFS profitability. We will not make any substantive
changes to any of these three policies that will have, or could reasonably be expected to have in the
next 12 months after the change, any adverse effect on the sales or profitability of a majority of the
franchised Papa Johns restaurants, without first presenting the change(s) to the FAC. At such
meeting the members of the FAC will be allowed to comment on the changes, make suggestions
and vote for or against the changes per normal practice. However, notwithstanding any comments,
objections or vote against the proposed change(s), we have the final decision on these policies,
including changes to, or elimination of, one or more polices and the interpretation of them as they
may exist from time to time.




                                                  58
