contribution rate for Restaurants in a Cooperative based on media coverage. If Cooperatives are
mandatory we, in our sole discretion, may, upon written request of a franchisee stating reasons supporting
such request, grant any franchisee an exemption from the requirement of membership in a Cooperative.
An exemption may be for any length of time and may apply to one or more Restaurants owned by a
franchisee. We may also exempt one or more Restaurants owned or controlled by us from the requirement
of membership in a Cooperative for such periods as we reasonably deem appropriate. Our decision
concerning an exemption is final. If any exemption is granted to you, you may be required to spend on
local advertising up to the full amount that would otherwise be payable to the Cooperative.


         In addition to Marketing Fund and Cooperative advertising contributions, you may during a
Mandatory Period be required to conduct certain local advertising and ongoing monthly expenditures for
each standard Restaurant based on the Net Sales of the Restaurant. Non-Traditional Restaurants generally
are not required to conduct local advertising and marketing. The percentage of Net Sales that you may be
required to spend each month for local advertising during any Mandatory Period is 8% (for a traditional
Restaurant) minus the percentage required to be contributed to the Marketing Fund and your Cooperative
during the Mandatory Period. Small-Town Restaurants may be required to spend 2% of Net Sales for
local advertising during any Mandatory Period. At this time and until December 30, 2029, as part of the
NMF Initiative, expenditures on local advertising are voluntary. Participation may become mandatory in
the future upon the vote of the Members of the Marketing Fund to repeal or change the NMF Initiative or
after December 30, 2029.


        All advertising programs and materials that have not been prepared or approved by us within the
90-day period preceding their intended use must be submitted to us for approval. If we do not notify you
within 30 days after we receive the proposed program or advertising materials that we disapprove of such
materials, we are deemed to have given our approval. You must at all times comply with our instructions
regarding the use of advertising programs and materials, including modifying or ceasing to use such
materials, whether or not such materials had been previously prepared or approved by us. You may be
required to submit reports verifying your local marketing expenditures as we request during a Mandatory
Period. Non-Traditional Restaurants generally are not required to undertake local advertising.


        We may spend our own funds to produce such promotional materials and conduct such
advertising as we deem necessary or desirable. In any advertising conducted solely by or for us, we have
the sole discretion to determine the products and geographical markets to be included and the medium
employed, and we have no duty or obligation to supply you with any advertising or promotional materials
produced by or for us at our sole expense.

         We will be the sole and exclusive owner of all materials and rights that result from advertising and
marketing programs produced and conducted, whether by you, us, a Cooperative or the Marketing Fund.
Any participation by you in any advertising, whether by monetary contribution or otherwise, will not vest
you with any rights in the Marks employed in such advertising or in any tangible or intangible materials
or rights, including copyrights, generated by such advertising. You must assign to us at your own cost any
contractual rights or copyright that you acquire in any advertising. We operate a customer loyalty program
called Papa Rewards. Under the Papa Rewards program, customers can earn points each time they make
a purchase. Upon reaching a 15-point threshold, those points are converted to currency called Papa
Dough, which members can use to reduce the cost of future purchases. From time to time, the Papa
Rewards program may run promotions that gift customers free items.

        As used in the Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the term "advertising" also
includes Websites and social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Linkedin, Snapchat, TikTok,
and other forms of social media. The term "Website" means an interactive electronic document,

                                                   - 41 -
