service the location, PJ Food Service purchased a smaller refrigerated vehicle, which was dedicated to
serving that particular location. However, as noted in Item 6, if PJ Food Service charges higher prices to
a Non-Traditional Restaurant than its regularly scheduled prices charged to traditional Restaurants, we
may offset the increased costs by reducing or waiving the royalty for the Non-Traditional Restaurant.

        If PJ Food Service ceases operating or ceases supplying you (other than as a result of the
termination or expiration of the Franchise or your failure to meet their payment terms), we will use
reasonable efforts to provide you with names, addresses and phone numbers of alternative approved
suppliers and the products available from each such supplier.

        Preferred Marketing Solutions, Inc., d/b/a Preferred Printing and Promotions (“PMS”) previously
served as a pre-approved supplier of uniforms and promotional items and pre-approved printed materials.
On October 22, 2023, PMS sold substantially all of its assets to a third party that is not affiliated with us.
PMS is currently still an approved supplier of some of the products and services utilized in the System
and may provide products or services to our franchisees.

         In 2024 we or our affiliates received $5.6 million from designated suppliers because of their
transactions with our franchisees and with us. Except as described below, we do not negotiate purchase
arrangements with suppliers for your benefit. We do not provide any material benefits to you based on
your use of designated or approved sources. There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. None
of our officers owns an interest in any companies that are vendors or suppliers to the Franchise, except
that (as noted in Item 1) our affiliates (including PJ Food Service) are wholly owned subsidiaries of our
parent company, PJI, and suppliers to “Papa Johns” Restaurants, and some of our officers, who have
ownership interests in us, therefore also indirectly own interests in those affiliated suppliers.

        In 2024, we negotiated a ten year extension with our soft drink supplier which provides material
benefits to franchisees. The contract will expire June 30, 2034.

       Through PJ Food Service, we administer a cheese pricing program (the “Cheese Program”), a
program designed to reduce the volatility of cheese prices to Papa Johns Restaurants on a periodic basis.
Through the Cheese Program, PJ Food Service establishes the price of cheese it sells to Papa Johns
Restaurants and maintains that price for an entire fiscal Period (a four- or five-week period, approximating
one month), even if the market price of cheese fluctuates during the Period.

         If cheese prices rise during a Period, the Cheese Program will incur a deficit because PJ Food
Service will continue to sell cheese at the established price for the remainder of the Period, even though
the established price is below the market price at which PJ Food Service purchases cheese. For that
reason, we and PJ Food Service are willing to administer the Cheese Program and establish cheese prices
for entire fiscal Periods only if franchisees sign the Cheese Purchase Agreement (the “Cheese Purchase
Agreement”), the form of which is attached as Exhibit G. Under the Cheese Purchase Agreement, you
commit to continue to purchase cheese from PJ Food Service as long as the Cheese Program has a deficit,
or to pay a pro-rata share of the deficit if you cease to purchase cheese from PJ Food Service. You are
not required to sign the Cheese Purchase Agreement or participate in the Cheese Program. However, if
you choose not to sign the Cheese Purchase Agreement but still purchase cheese from PJ Food Service,
you will pay a higher price for cheese than Cheese Program participants. The higher price will more
closely reflect actual cheese market prices so as to shield PJ Food Service from accumulating a deficit.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, that price is set at $0.10 per pound higher than the price
charged to Cheese Program participants.

        If cheese prices fall during a Period, the Cheese Program will build a surplus because PJ Food
Service will continue to sell cheese to franchisees at the established price for the remainder of the Period,
even though the established price is above the market price at which PJ Food Service purchases cheese.

                                                    - 26 -
