(“Privacy Laws”); (ii) employ administrative, physical, technical and organizational safeguards that:
(a) are designed to prevent the unauthorized collection, access, use and disclosure of Personal
Information (“Safeguards”); and (b) meet or exceed industry standards regarding Safeguards,
including payment card industry (“PCI”) standards, norms, requirements and protocols to the extent
applicable; (iv) comply with all Safeguards that have been and are in the future developed and
compiled by us that relate to Privacy Laws and the privacy and security of Personal Information; (v)
refrain from any action or inaction that could cause us to breach any Privacy Laws; (vi) do and
execute, or arrange to be done and executed, each act, document and thing we deem necessary in our
business judgment to keep us in compliance with the Privacy Laws. You will be fully responsible for
any unauthorized collection, access, use and/or disclosure of Personal Information arising from your
action or inaction. You will immediately notify us in writing of any breaches or suspected breaches
of security (either electronic or physical) that may result in the unauthorized collection, access, use
or disclosure of Personal Information or (ii) if you receive any oral or written notice of inquiry,
investigation or review from any individual or administrative agency (such as the Federal Trade
Commission or State Attorney Generals’ offices or other similar agency in countries outside of the
U.S.) that arises out of, relates to or affects Personal Information within your control. You will
comply with our requests and make all reasonable efforts to assist us in relation to the investigation
and remedy of any such breach of security and any claim, allegation, action, suit, proceeding or
litigation with respect to the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of the Personal Information. We
will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any required technology complies with
applicable law, assuming you properly operate and maintain the technology.

                (l)   Courtesy; Cooperation. At all times and under all circumstances, you and
 your employees will treat all customers and other persons, including our agents, officers, and
 employees, with the utmost respect and courtesy and fully cooperate with us and our agents,
 officers and employees in all aspects of the franchise relationship.

                 (m)      Inspections. An agent, officer or employee of ours may make inspections
 of the Restaurant to ensure compliance with all required standards, specifications and procedures.
 Our representative will be allowed to inspect the condition and operation of the Restaurant and all
 areas of the Restaurant at any time during normal business hours. Such inspections may include:
 (i) reviewing sales and order forms; (ii) observing the Principal Operator and all managers and your
 other employees; (iii) interviewing any such persons; (iv) interviewing customers of the Restaurant
 in order to evaluate your performance and to ensure that the Restaurant is being operated in
 accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and the Manuals; and (v) conducting any type
 of audit or review necessary to evaluate your compliance with all required standards, specifications
 or procedures. We may, from time to time, make suggestions and give mandatory instructions with
 respect to your operation of the Restaurant, as we consider necessary or appropriate to ensure
 compliance with the then-current quality standards and other requirements of the System and to
 protect the goodwill and image of the System.

                (n) Guidance. You acknowledge and understand that it is not our responsibility
 or duty to operate the Store and we do not have the legal right to direct your employees in the
 operation of the Restaurant. Those functions remain your sole responsibility and duty. Further, you
 understand that the assistance provided to you under this Section 11 does not obligate us to provide
 the accounting, bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or marketing services required for


                                                 -26
