expenditures at such times and in such form as we request from time to time.

                       (i)     Supplemental Advertising. You have the right to conduct, at your
separate expense, supplemental advertising, marketing or promotional programs or activities in
addition to the expenditures specified herein. All such supplemental programs or activities and all
materials to be used in connection therewith must be either prepared or previously approved by us
within the 90-day period preceding their use, or approved by us as provided below.

                       (ii)    Telephone and Other Directories. You must, at your own expense,
obtain (or contribute to the cost of obtaining) a listing for the Restaurant in telephone and business
directories as designated or approved by us (including digital or electronic directories) serving the
Territory and each such listing must be of the style, format and size, and in such form, as we may
specify from time to time.

                 (e)      National Promotions. You must participate, in compliance with our
standards, specifications and directives, in each national promotion that we designate as mandatory
for the Chain due to its value to the Chain and for which we, in our judgment, determine that United
States restaurant participation is essential to, or a significant element in, the value or success of the
promotion. These promotions may include (by way of example and not of limitation or exclusion):
(i) offering of premium or other specialty promotional products, which may require you to purchase
non-standard inventory items; (ii) customer service incentives; (iii) sponsorships of or association
with selected promotional associates; and (iv) advertising promoting the Papa Johns brand or
customer service features of the Systemwith or without specific product or promotional offers.
Except for required purchases of non-standard inventory items, costs you incur in mandatory
promotions may be counted towards your minimum advertising expenditure requirements. While
we have the right to dictate the products, services, maximum price points and other parameters of
national promotions, you have the right to select lower pricing for such promotions in the
Restaurant.

                (f)    Our Approval. Before use by the Cooperative or by you, samples of all
advertising, marketing and promotional materials not prepared or previously approved by us within
the 90-day period preceding their use, including co-branding or cross-promotional efforts containing
the name, trademark, service mark, logo or emblem of any third party, must be submitted to us (to
the attention of your designated Papa Johns Marketing team contact (unless otherwise directed by
us) for our approval. If approval is not received within 20 days from the date of receipt by us of
such materials, the materials are deemed approved. To be considered pre-approved, advertising,
marketing, and promotional materials must be identical to what was previously submitted
and approved, except for non-substantive changes such as changes to dates and store
addresses. The Cooperative and you may not use, and must cease using, any advertising or
promotional materials that we may at any time disapprove, regardless of whether we have previously
approved any such items.

               (g)      Our Advertising. We may from time to time expend our own funds to
produce marketing or promotional materials and to conduct advertising as we deem necessary or
desirable. In any advertising, marketing or promotional efforts conducted solely by or for us, we
have the sole discretion to determine the products and geographical markets to be included, and the
                                                   17
