obtaining operating or vending rights due to certain conditions or requirements that you do not
meet (including, by way of example, due to financial or net worth requirements of the landlord or
site operator; or due to laws, rules or regulations applicable to the location, including regulatory or
licensing schemes applicable to casino or gaming operations or Indian tribal laws ). We may open
non-traditional Papa Johns restaurants, or franchise or license the right to open non-traditional Papa
Johns restaurants to other persons at any Non-Traditional Location, including Non-Traditional
Locations in the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no delivery services will be permitted
from non-traditional restaurants located within the Territory (including from your Restaurant and
including from Non-Traditional Locations), except as otherwise agreed by you and us.
                (c) Development Area Limitation. Notwithstanding identification of the
Territory above, if this Agreement is signed pursuant to a Development Agreement between you and
us, in no event will the Territory extend outside the boundaries of the "Development Area" as
defined in the Development Agreement and neither termination nor expiration of the Development
Agreement will alter this limitation.

                (d) No Exclusive Trade Area for Sales or Delivery. We do not warrant or
represent that no other Papa Johns restaurant will solicit or make any sales within the Territory, and
you expressly acknowledge that such solicitations or sales may occur within the Territory. We have
no duty to protect you from any such sales, solicitations, or attempted sales. You recognize and
acknowledge that: (i) you will compete with other Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may
in the future be, located near or adjacent to your Territory; and (ii) that such Papa Johns restaurants
may be owned by us, our Affiliates or third parties. If you relocate the Restaurant, the Territory in
our sole discretion may be reduced, changed, altered or restricted. We make no assurance that the
Territory specified herein will be applicable to the new location, even if we have approved the new
location.

                (e) Alternative Ordering Systems Area. We will of necessity define the trade
area for the Restaurant for Alternative Ordering Systems (“Alternative Order Area”) and such trade
area may be significantly different than the Territory and may change from time to time. You must
use reasonable efforts not to solicit sales within the defined Alternative Ordering trade area of
another Papa Johns restaurant. However, you acknowledge that such solicitations and sales may
occur in your trade area, including advertising spillover, directories, electronic media, direct mail
drops by sector or ZIP code and other advertising and that we have no duty to monitor, control or
stop such advertising, solicitations or sales. In determining which Papa Johns restaurant an online,
digital or other Alternative Ordering System order will be routed to, we will consider such matters
as we reasonably deem material, including: existing trade or delivery areas of Papa Johns
restaurants in geographic proximity to the address or customer placing the order; demographic
characteristics of the location of such proximate Papa Johns restaurants; traffic patterns and similar
factors affecting delivery efficiency; the opening or closing of other Papa Johns restaurants; and
other commercial characteristics of geographically proximate Papa Johns restaurants (collectively,
the "Commercial Considerations"). You acknowledge that such Commercial Considerations may
result in changes that remove particular addresses or groups of addresses or particular customers or
groups of customers from routing to your Restaurant and that online, digital or other systematized
orders from such addresses, groups of addresses, customers, or groups of customers may be re-
routed to other Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may in the future be, located near or
adjacent to your Restaurant, and that such Papa Johns restaurants may be owned by us, our
Affiliates or third parties. You acknowledge that if you relocate the Restaurant, the routing of
                                                -8
