insurance coverages and amounts listed above, even if using a third- party delivery service. In
addition, you should check with your insurance advisor to ensure your non-owned auto insurance
policy will cover a loss caused by that service while delivering your product. Papa John’s
Franchising, LLC must be listed as an additional insured on any insurance policy provided to you
by a third- party delivery service.

                 (b)     Other Insurance Requirements. Upon request, you must deliver to us
copies of all such policies of insurance and proof of payment therefor; as well as any applicable
certificates or insurance. All policies required hereunder must provide that the insurer will endeavor to
give us written notice not less than 30 days before the date the coverage is canceled, altered, or
permitted to lapse or expire. We may, from time to time, increase the limits of any required policy
of insurance. If you fail to obtain or maintain the insurance coverages specified in Section 18.(a),
we may, in our sole discretion, obtain and maintain insurance coverage up to the limits and types of
coverages specified in Section 18.(a). If we obtain such coverage, you must reimburse us for all costs
and expenses that we incur to obtain and maintain such insurance coverage, including all premiums
paid or incurred by us.

       19.       Termination by Us.

                (a)      Automatic Termination. You will be in default under this Agreement, and
the Franchise and all rights granted to you in this Agreement automatically terminate without notice to
you, if: (i) a bill in equity or other proceeding is filed for the appointment of a receiver or other
custodian for your business or assets and consented to by you; (ii) a receiver or other custodian
(permanent or temporary) of your assets or property, or any part thereof, is appointed by any court of
competent jurisdiction; (iii) proceedings for a composition with creditors under any state or federal
law are instituted by or against you; (vi) a final judgment against you remains unsatisfied or of record
for 30 days or longer (unless an appeal or supersedeas bond is filed); (v) you are liquidated or
dissolved; (vi) any portion of your interest in the Franchise becomes subject to an attachment,
garnishment, levy or seizure by any creditor or any other person claiming against or in your rights;
(vii) execution is levied against your business or property; or (viii) the real or personal property of
your Restaurant is sold after levy thereupon by any sheriff, marshal, or constable.

                (b)      Upon Notice. The occurrence of any of the following events constitutes a
default by you under this Agreement and we may, at our option, terminate the Franchise and all
rights granted in this Agreement as a result of such default, without affording you any opportunity
to cure the default, effective upon notice of termination by us:

                       (i)     at any time you cease to operate or otherwise abandon the Restaurant
by failing to open and operate the Restaurant for three or more consecutive days (except with our
consent or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement) or forfeit the right to do or transact business
in the jurisdiction where the Restaurant is located or lose the right to possession of the Premises;
provided however, that if any such cessation of operation or loss of possession results from the
governmental exercise of the power of eminent domain or if, through no fault of yours, the Premises
are damaged or destroyed, then you will have 45 days after either such event in which to apply for
our approval to relocate or reconstruct the premises of the Restaurant (which approval will not be

                                                   46
