service in the Restaurant, you must furnish to us for our prior approval, free of cost, samples of
such products (or a description and demonstration of any such service) in reasonable quantities,
its cartons, containers and packaging and wrapping material, the quality and style of which are
subject to our approval. Such distributor, supplier, products or services will be approved for use
in the Restaurant only upon your receipt of written approval from us. We may withdraw our
approval of any previously approved supplier, products or services and you must cease using such
products, supplier and/or services upon receipt of written notice from us. In connection with our
qualification of any alternative supplier identified and submitted for approval by you (including
re-qualification of any supplier that, after our initial qualification and approval, fails to adhere to
or maintain our quality standards or specifications) or approval of any non-standard menu item
that you desire to offer, you must reimburse to us all of our reasonable expenses incurred in
investigating such alternative supplier or establishing standards for, and approving the offering of
such non-standard menu item or service and the supplier(s) thereof (or ingredients therefor, as the
case may be), in each case including all travel, lodging and meal expenses of our employees or
agents. We will not unreasonably withhold or revoke approval of any qualified third party product
or supplier.

                (d)     Commercial Terms. We will have no responsibility for the commercial
terms of transactions between you and your distributors and suppliers. The terms and conditions
of your purchase of goods from suppliers (including our Affiliates) will be upon the terms and
conditions established by such suppliers from time to time, or through your independent bargaining
with such distributors or suppliers. This Agreement does not establish the commercial terms of
any purchase and sale transaction between you and any supplier (including our Affiliates). To
protect the business reputation, image and goodwill of the System and the Chain, you will promptly
and within the due time allowed, make payment to all suppliers of goods and services sold or
provided to you in connection with the construction, equipping and operation of the Restaurant,
including us, our Affiliates, and our designated suppliers, excepting only non-payment resulting
from a bona fide dispute with a vendor. You will disclose to us the terms of purchases from
approved suppliers, including all revenues, rebates, and discounts that you or your affiliates receive
from any supplier.

               (e)     Menu Items. You will: (i) offer for retail sale, and carry on your menu,
only those types, sizes, styles and brands of pizza, pizza dough, pizza sauce, toppings, beverages,
and other products as we specify from time to time; and (ii) offer the menu items and services that
we specify or designate from time to time as mandatory for the Restaurant, including (A) items
that are temporary promotion items, and (B) non-food items and services that are integral to
systemwide or national promotional programs. You will not sell or carry on your menu any food
items or other products, or provide any services, that we have not specified or approved for the
Restaurant. You acknowledge that as long as the Restaurant is classified as a Non-Traditional
Restaurant, you may not be required (or permitted) to offer the full range of menu items offered
by a typical traditional Papa Johns restaurant. The menu offerings will be determined in
                                                  27
