supplier and/or services upon receipt of written notice from us. In connection with our qualification
of any alternative supplier identified and submitted for approval by you (including re-qualification
of any supplier that, after our initial qualification and approval, fails to adhere to or maintain our
quality standards or specifications) or approval of any non-standard menu item that you desire to
offer, you must reimburse to us all of our reasonable expenses incurred in investigating such
alternative supplier or establishing standards for, and approving the offering of such non-standard
menu item or service and the supplier(s) thereof (or ingredients therefor, as the case may be), in
each case including all travel, lodging and meal expenses of our employees or agents. We will not
unreasonably withhold or revoke approval of any qualified third party product or supplier.

                (d)      Commercial Terms. We will have no responsibility for the commercial
terms of transactions between you and your distributors and suppliers. The terms and conditions
of your purchase of goods from suppliers (including our Affiliates) will be upon the terms and
conditions established by such suppliers from time to time, or through your independent bargaining
with such distributors or suppliers. This Agreement does not establish the commercial terms of any
purchase and sale transaction between you and any supplier (including our Affiliates). To protect
the business reputation, image and goodwill of the System and the Chain, you will promptly and
within the due time allowed, make payment to all suppliers of goods and services sold or provided
to you in connection with the construction, equipping and operation of the Restaurant, including
us, our Affiliates, and our designated suppliers, excepting only non-payment resulting from a bona
fide dispute with a vendor. You will disclose to us the terms of purchases from approved suppliers,
including all revenues, rebates, and discounts that you or your affiliates receive from any supplier.

                (e)    Menu Items. You will: (i) offer for retail sale, and carry on your menu, only
those types, sizes, styles and brands of pizza, pizza dough, pizza sauce, toppings, beverages, and
other products as we specify from time to time; and (ii) offer the menu items and services that we
specify or designate from time to time as mandatory for the Restaurant, including (A) items that
are temporary promotion items, and (B) non-food items and services that are integral to systemwide
or national promotional programs. You will not sell or carry on your menu any food items or other
products, or provide any services, that we have not specified or approved for the Restaurant. You
acknowledge that as long as the Restaurant is classified as a Non-Traditional Restaurant, you will
not be required (or permitted) to offer the full range of menu items offered by a typical traditional
Papa Johns restaurant. The menu offerings will be determined in consultation with our operations
team. We reserve the right to disapprove any menu item.

                (f)      Pricing. You have the sole responsibility for establishing your prices,
provided however: (i) we may set mandatory maximum price points for national promotions to the
extent permitted by law; (ii) you will not make or collect any delivery charge or other separate
charge for delivered products, regardless of how named or characterized, without our reasonable
approval; and (iii) you will not enter into any agreement, arrangement or concerted practice with
any other person whatsoever, in violation of any applicable law relating to antitrust, restraint of
trade, unfair competition or unfair or deceptive trade practices.

               (g)    Service. You may sell any items on a delivery basis and provide delivery
service from the Restaurant, provided, that this Agreement does not require you to do so.

        13.    Accounting and Reports.
                                                -28
