John’s Franchise Agreement. The Cooperative shall provide to Franchisor on a timely basis evi-
dence of the execution of any approved advertising, marketing, or promotional campaigns or
programs undertaken by the Cooperative and, where feasible and applicable, the measurable re-
sults of such campaign or program, including without limitation any reports or information on
local marketing activity specified or requested by Franchisor. The Cooperative shall provide cash
flow statements and forecasts to the Franchsior at the request of an authorized representative of
the Franchisor.

   5. Contributions; Voting on Increased Contributions.

        A. The monthly contribution rate may be increased or decreased from time to time by the
members; provided, that the monthly contribution rate may not be less than two percent (2%) nor
more than five percent (5%) of the net sales of the Restaurants, except as provided herein. Ap-
proval by Franchisor shall be necessary to reduce the monthly contribution below two percent
(2%). Approval by two-thirds (2/3rds) of the votes of all members shall be necessary to in-
crease the amount of the monthly contribution above five percent (5%) of sales.

        B. The Franchisor may from time to time specify that the monthly contribution percent-
age may be reduced or waived for any or all Restaurants based on broadcast media coverage or
other information deemed relevant by Franchisor. The method of determining reduced contribu-
tions will be determined by Franchisor. The boundaries and extent of the Market Area will be
subject to review and change by Franchisor from time to time. In connection with this review,
any reduction of the required contribution percentage for each restaurant may be adjusted.

        C. Nothing in these by-laws prohibits a Member from exercising any right to adjust the
Member’s contribution to the Cooperative as provided in the Papa John’s Franchise Agreement.
Provided however, if a Member elects to reduce contributions to the Cooperative pursuant to the
Papa John’s Franchise Agreement, the Cooperative may: (A) allocate benefits of the Coopera-
tive’s advertising, marketing and promotional efforts, in whole or in part, on a basis reasonably
calculated to apportion such benefits according to relative contribution rates (as a percent of Net
Sales) of the members; and/or (B) bar such franchisee from serving as an officer or governing
board member of the Cooperative. Further, if a Member votes to enter into a sponsorship, part-
nership, or other contract that requires a financial obligation of the Cooperative, the Member
may not elect to reduce the Member’s contribution to the Cooperative for as long as such finan-
cial obligation is required.
    6. Ownership and Usage of Materials and Data. Franchisor is the sole and exclusive
owner of all materials and rights that result from advertising, marketing or promotional materials
or activities programs produced or conducted by or on behalf of the Cooperative. Any partici-
pation by the Cooperative or the members in any advertising, whether by monetary contribution
or otherwise, does not vest the Cooperative or any member with any rights in any trademarks
employed in such advertising or in any tangible or intangible materials or rights, including copy-
rights, generated by such advertising. If requested by Franchisor, the Cooperative (or any mem-
ber or members, if applicable) must assign to Franchisor any contractual rights or copyright that




                                               -5-
