contractually obligate yourself to make required contributions to the Marketing Fund and to otherwise
comply with the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund and any rules and
regulations that the Marketing Fund may adopt. The Marketing Fund has been organized and is intended
to operate as a non-profit corporation, and should not be taxed on its receipt of contributions. The
Marketing Fund's use of the Marks is governed by a License Agreement entered into between PJI and the
Marketing Fund.

         The Marketing Fund is intended to increase recognition of the Marks and to further the public
image and acceptance of the Papa Johns brand and the System. We, the Marketing Fund and the directors
of the Marketing Fund do not undertake any obligation to ensure that expenditures by the Marketing Fund
in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to contributions to the Marketing Fund
by Papa Johns Restaurants operating in such geographic area or that you or your Restaurant will benefit
directly or in proportion to your contribution to the Marketing Fund. We are not required to spend any
amount on advertising in the geographic area where your Franchise is located. We, our officers, directors,
agents and employees are not a fiduciary or trustee of the contributions to, or the assets of, the Marketing
Fund. We, the Marketing Fund and our and their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, will
not be liable to you for the maintenance, direction or administration of the Marketing Fund, including for
contributions, expenditures, investments or borrowings, except for acts constituting willful misconduct.

        We will make contributions to the Marketing Fund for each Restaurant that we or our affiliates
own on the same basis as required of comparable franchisees within the System (our standard Restaurants
will contribute under the same requirements as franchised outlets and our non-traditional outlets will
contribute on the same basis as franchised non-traditional outlets).

        As long as you are in compliance with the Advertising Agreement and the Articles and By-Laws
of the Marketing Fund, you will be furnished with advertising materials that were produced by or for the
Marketing Fund for System-wide distribution, on the same terms and conditions as such materials are
furnished to other franchisees.

         As described in Item 6 and as provided in the Advertising Agreement, your bank account will be
debited for Marketing Fund contributions. Contributions to the Marketing Fund may be used to defray
our expenses only to the extent of the administrative costs and overhead that we may reasonably incur in
rendering services to the Marketing Fund. The funds collected by the Marketing Fund, and any earnings,
are not and will not be an asset of us or any franchisee.

        We will prepare an annual statement of monies collected and costs incurred by the Marketing
Fund, audited by an independent CPA firm, and furnish it to you upon written request. Contributions are
not necessarily spent in the year received. Any amounts not spent are carried forward to the next year.
During the fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, a total of $188.8 million was spent by the Marketing
Fund. These monies were spent on the following:


                Category                                                    Percentage
                Production                                                   9%
                Media                                                        83%
                Promotions and Public Relations                               2%
                Research                                                      5%
                Administrative/Other                                          1%
                                                                            100%

       No money was spent by the Marketing Fund to solicit new franchisees. The Marketing Fund
may place advertising in any media, including digital, print, radio and television. The coverage is
                                                   - 38 -
