reimburse you for, any damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding arising out of your use
of the Marks.

         We may require you to modify or discontinue use of any Mark, use additional or substitute Marks
or to enter into one or more agreements with third parties that may limit or modify our rights and the
rights of one or more Papa Johns franchisees to use the Marks. We are not obligated to reimburse you
for the costs of changing items such as signs, menus, uniforms and advertisements, or for any other loss
or expense caused by or related to such addition, substitution, modification or discontinuance. You must
comply with our directions within 30 days and use such substitute or additional Marks as we direct.

        Except as described below, we do not actually know of either superior prior rights or infringing
uses that could materially affect a franchisee's use of the principal trademarks in any state. We are aware
of a "Papa John's" restaurant that has operated in Boca Raton, Florida (previously in Pompano Beach,
Florida) allegedly since 1979, and a restaurant operating in East Lansing, Michigan, since approximately
1982. These entities may have rights to the use of the name in their market area. We are aware of 11
other restaurants that have operated under a similar mark in Pompano Beach and East Point, Florida;
Swampscott, Massachusetts; Crosby, Minnesota; Delevan, Wisconsin; Wolfeboro, New Hampshire;
Memphis, Tennessee; Lincoln, Nebraska; Mayville, New York; and Albuquerque, New Mexico. We are
continually reviewing these matters to determine whether there is any basis for taking action to stop their
use. While we are generally aware of other users of marks similar to or the same as the Marks, we have
no specific knowledge of whether any other users are currently in operation or actually using any of the
Marks or marks that are confusingly similar.



   ITEM 14:         PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

        There are no patents that are material to the franchise. As described below, we claim copyright
protection in our Manuals, the Proprietary Programs, advertising, website, source code, videos and related
materials although not all of these materials have been registered with the United States Registrar of
Copyrights.

        We may authorize you to use certain copyrighted or copyrightable works (the "Copyrighted
Works"), including the Manuals and the Proprietary Programs. The Copyrighted Works are our valuable
property, and your rights to use the Copyrighted Works are granted to you solely on the condition that
you comply with the terms of the Franchise Agreement. You must acknowledge and agree that we will
further create, acquire or obtain licenses for certain copyrights in various works of authorship used in
connection with the operation of the Restaurant, all of which will be deemed to be Copyrighted Works
under the Franchise Agreement. Such Copyrighted Works include, but are not limited to, the materials
and information provided to you by us for use in the operation of the Proprietary Programs. You may
not undertake to patent, copyright or otherwise assert proprietary rights to the Proprietary Programs or
any data generated by the use of the Proprietary programs. Copyrighting of any material by us shall not
be construed as causing the material to be public information. You will cause all copies of the Proprietary
Programs and any data generated by the use of the Proprietary Programs in your possession to contain an
appropriate copyright notice or other notice of proprietary rights that we specify.

        You agree that we are the owner of the Copyrighted Works and any data generated by use of the
Copyrighted Works. You agree that all works of authorship related to the System that are created in the
future will be owned by, or licensed to, us or our Affiliates. Your use of the Copyrighted Works does not
vest you with any interest in them other than the non-exclusive license to use the Copyrighted Works
granted in the Franchise Agreement. You agree to execute any documents that we or our counsel deem
necessary for protection of the Copyrighted Works or to maintain their validity or enforceability, or to

                                                  - 55 -
