applicable law, assuming you properly operate and maintain the technology.

                (l)     Courtesy; Cooperation. At all times and under all circumstances, you and
your Principal Operator and other employees will treat all customers and other persons, including
our agents, officers, and employees, with the utmost respect and courtesy and fully cooperate with
us and our agents, officers and employees in a positive, constructive and respectful manner in all
aspects of the franchise relationship.

               (m)     Inspections. An agent, officer or employee of ours may make inspections of
the Restaurant to ensure compliance with all required standards, specifications and procedures of the
System, this Agreement and the Manuals. Our representative may inspect the condition and operation
of the Restaurant and all areas of the Restaurant at any time during normal business hours. Such
inspections may include: (i) reviewing sales and order forms; (ii) observing the Principal Operator,
managers and all your other employees; (iii) interviewing any such persons; (iv) interviewing
customers of the Restaurant; and (v) conducting any type of audit or review necessary to evaluate your
compliance with all required standards, specifications or procedures. We may, from time to time, make
suggestions and give mandatory instructions with respect to your operation of the Restaurant, as we
consider necessary or appropriate to ensure compliance with the then-current quality standards and
other requirements of the System and to protect the goodwill and image of the Chain. To the extent a
non-privileged, written report is generated, we will provide a copy to you or your Principal Operator
following each inspection stating our findings and recommendations on the operation of the
Restaurant. We will advise you from time to time of operating problems of the Restaurant disclosed
by reports submitted to or inspections made by us or our designee. By providing advice, certifications
or suggestions, we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.

               (n)     Guidance. You acknowledge and understand that it is not our responsibility
or duty to operate the Store and we do not have the legal right to direct your employees in the
operation of the Restaurant. Those functions remain your sole responsibility and duty. Further, you
understand that the assistance provided to you under this Section 11 does not obligate us to provide
the accounting, bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or marketing services required for
the operation of the Restaurant or to otherwise operate the Store. By providing advice or suggestions,
we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.

        12.     Products; QCCs; Menu.

               (a)        Products. You must use only those food items, ingredients, beverages,
cooking materials, containers, boxes, cups, packaging, menus, uniforms, and other products and
materials in the operation of the Restaurant as we designate or approve. You shall maintain all
such products and materials in sufficient supply as to remain in compliance with the
standards of the System. You may be required to purchase from us or our Affiliates certain
products that involve trade secrets or that have been specially prepared by us or at our direction or
that we consider to be integral to the System. We may require that certain products be purchased from
one or more designated suppliers. Products other than those required to be obtained from us or a
designated supplier may be purchased from any source, provided that the particular supplier and
products (including delivery arrangements) have been approved by us, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld. We may, from time to time, amend the list of approved products and suppliers.
                                                 31
