 or agree to complete and comply within a timeframe reasonably satisfactory to us, the then
 current qualification and training requirements we reasonably require.

                      (xi)    This option to renew may not be exercised unless all of the
preceding conditions are fully satisfied.

                        (xii) You shall provide satisfactory evidence that you have the right to
 remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term, or in the alternative
 provide reasonable evidence that you are in good faith negotiations with your landlord to secure
 the right to remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term.

               (c)    Expiration. Renewal of the Franchise after the Initial Term does not
constitute a renewal or extension of this Agreement, but is conditioned upon satisfaction of the
above provisions. Upon expiration of the Renewal Term, further renewal rights will be governed
by the Franchise Agreement executed by you upon expiration of the Initial Term. If you fail to
meet any of the conditions under Section 2.(b) above with respect to the renewal of the Franchise,
the Franchise automatically expire at the end of the Initial Term.

       3.      Franchise Fees and Payments.

              (a)    Initial Franchise Fee and Royalties. In consideration of the grant of the
Franchise, you must pay us the following fees:

                       (i)     an Initial Franchise Fee of $5,000, which must be paid upon the
execution of this Agreement. However, the Initial Franchise Fee will be refunded if the Restaurant
is opened on or before the date provided in Section 1. If the Restaurant is not opened by the date
provided in Section 1, the Initial Franchise Fee will be deemed fully earned and non-refundable;

                         (ii)    a continuing royalty (the "Royalty") of 5% of the "Net Sales" of the
Restaurant for each "Period" (as defined in Section 13.(b)); provided that we may increase the
Royalty by any amount, up to 6% of Net Sales, at any time, but we may increase the Royalty only
if and to the extent that our form of Franchise Agreement being offered to new Papa Johns
franchisees at the time of the increase provides for a Royalty at least as high as the increased
Royalty. Net Sales means the gross revenues of the Restaurant from sales of approved products
and provision of approved services (including revenues from special or promotional sales efforts
such as Groupon, Living Social or other discounted sales programs), delivery services or any other
revenue-generating activity carried on at, from or in connection with operation of the Restaurant
and regardless of whether such sales are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge account, gift card
or otherwise, less: (a) sales tax, use tax or similar tax collected from customers in conjunction with
such sales and paid in full to the state or other local taxing authority; (b) any documented refunds
actually paid to customers (if such amounts were originally included in calculating Net Sales); and
(c) proceeds from sales of used furniture and fixtures and similar sales not in the ordinary course
of business. The Royalty is due on the 10th day of the month following each Period; and
                                                  6
