or our Affiliates, you must timely pay such withheld amounts to the appropriate taxing authority
and promptly deliver to us receipts of applicable governmental authorities for all such taxes
withheld or paid. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit for any amounts so withheld
until you provide to us receipts or other evidence acceptable to us that such amounts have been
duly remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit
for any such receipts provided more than three (3) years after the associated tax year. You are
responsible for and undertake to indemnify us and our Affiliates against and hold us and our
Affiliates harmless from any penalties, interest and expenses incurred by or assessed against us or
any of our Affiliates as a result of your failure to withhold such taxes or to timely remit them to
the appropriate taxing authority.

               (e)     Payments.

                         (i)    At least 10 days before opening the Restaurant (and thereafter as
requested by us), you must execute and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, as necessary, all
forms and documents that we may request to permit us to debit your bank account, either by check,
via electronic funds transfer or other means utilizing the "Information System" (as defined in
Section 10.(c)) or by such alternative methods as we may designate ("Payment Methods"). You
must comply with all procedures specified by us from time to time, and take such reasonable
actions as we may request to assist in any of the Payment Methods. We may use the Payment
Methods to collect the amount of each Period's Royalty, Digital Fee, and any other amounts due
to us, our Affiliates or the Marketing Fund under this Agreement or otherwise, including amounts
owed to us and/or our Affiliates in connection with: (A) Marketing Fund contributions; (B)
purchases from “PJFS” (as defined in Section 12.(b)) and all of our other Affiliates; (C) transfer
fees; and (D) renewal fees. The Royalty will be debited on the 10th of each month and Marketing
Fund contributions on the 24th, or if the 10th or 24th falls on a weekend or bank holiday, then on
the next business day. Payments to PJFS and all of our other Affiliates will be debited one business
day after products are delivered to the Restaurant. You must complete and provide to us any tax
forms or other instruments or documents necessary or appropriate to give effect to the terms and
provisions of this Agreement, including an IRS Form W-9.

                        (ii)    We will determine your Net Sales for each Period via the
Information System, or if we are unable to do so, you must report your Net Sales in writing on or
before the 7th day of the month following each Period. Such reporting is in addition to all other
reporting requirements under Section 13. If you fail to report Net Sales on a timely basis, we may
estimate the Net Sales of the Restaurant for such Period and debit your bank account the amount
of the Royalty and Marketing Fund contribution based on such estimate. If an estimate results in
an overpayment, we will deduct the amount of the overpayment from the next Period's Royalty
and Marketing Fund contribution. Any deficiency resulting from such estimate may be added to
the next Royalty and/or Marketing Fund contribution payment(s) due and debited against your
bank account. If, at any time, we determine that you have underreported the Restaurant's Net Sales,

                                                 8
