       comply with our standards and specifications for websites as prescribed by us from time
       to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

                              (D)    If required by us, you will establish such hyperlinks or
       other link or connection to our Electronic Channel and others as we may request in
       writing.

                              (E)    Upon expiration or termination of the Franchise, you must
       cease use of any Electronic Channel associated with the Restaurant and assign to us or, at
       our election, delete any domain name, or other Electronic Channel page, name or site
       containing any of the Marks or any words or combinations of words, letters or symbols
       that are confusingly or deceptively similar to any of the Marks.

The provisions of this Section 8.(i) also apply to Cooperatives.

        9.     Telephone Number. There is no customer ordering telephone number assigned
to the Restaurant.

       10.     Construction, Design and Appearance; Equipment.

                (a)     Construction. You will construct or remodel the Premises at the Location
in accordance with our construction or remodeling plans and design, layout and decor
specifications. You will purchase or lease the pizza preparation, beverage storage or dispensing,
storage and other equipment, displays, fixtures, and furnishings that we designate. You will make
no changes to any building plan, design, layout or decor, or any equipment or signage without our
prior written consent, and you will maintain the interior and exterior decor in such manner as may
be reasonably prescribed from time to time by us.

               (b)     Signs. You will prominently display, at your expense, both on the interior
and exterior of the Premises, advertising signs in the form, color, number, location and size, and
containing the Marks, logos and designs as we designate. Such signs must be obtained from a
source designated or approved by us. You must obtain all permits and licenses required for such
signs and you also are responsible for ensuring that all signs comply with all laws and ordinances.
You will not display in or upon the Premises any sign or advertising of any kind to which we
object.

                (c)     Technology System. You acquire, use in your operation of the Restaurant,
and maintain a point of sale technology system approved by us (the "Information System"). The
Information System must include, at a minimum, the capability of electronic reporting of sales
data. If feasible in connection with the Information System that we approve, we have the right at
all times to access the Information System and to retrieve, analyze, download and use the
                                                19
