remodeled, the delivery schedule for equipment and supplies, delays in securing financing arrangements
and completing training and your compliance with local laws and regulations. You must open the
Restaurant for business within 60 days after the execution of the Franchise Agreement unless we agree
otherwise (Franchise Agreement - Section 1). Each site must be approved. A fully executed lease or
deed that conveys either a fee or leasehold interest for the approved site must be submitted to us within
one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date such Restaurant is required to be opened and operating
as set forth in the Development Schedule, and we may terminate the Development Agreement if you fail
to meet this executed lease or deed date (Development Agreement – Section 3.(b)(i)).Construction must
begin on each site at least 90 days prior to the date that such site is required to be opened under the
Development Agreement, and we may terminate the Development Agreement if you fail to meet this
construction start date (Development Agreement – Section 3.(b)(i).

Pricing

         You have the sole responsibility for establishing your prices, provided however: (i) we may set
mandatory maximum price points for national promotions to the extent permitted by law; (ii) you will not
make or collect any delivery charge or other separate charge for delivered products, regardless of how
named or characterized, without our reasonable approval; and (iii) you will not enter into any agreement,
arrangement or concerted practice with any other person whatsoever, in violation of any applicable law.
Our affiliate, PJ Food Service's, may offer delivery of products to certain standard Restaurants. Except
as described below in Information Systems, Papa Johns will not deliver or install any equipment, signs,
fixtures, opening inventory, or supplies. Pricing includes unattended delivery services, which is
dependent on a regularized delivery schedule and routine accessibility of the Restaurant. Non-Traditional
Restaurants and certain locations where delivery may not be economically efficient may incur higher
costs for regular deliveries.

Marketing

         The Articles of Incorporation of the Marketing Fund provide that all of our franchisees (and any
entity licensed by us to grant Papa Johns franchises) must become members of the Marketing Fund. The
By-Laws of the Marketing Fund currently provide for 4 directors, 2 of whom we appoint and 2 of whom
are elected by the Franchise Advisory Council, a council representing our franchisees, whose members
are elected by franchisees. Under the By-Laws, we have the right to the tie-breaking vote on all matters
subject to vote of the directors. All Marketing Fund contribution rate decisions up to 3% are made by the
Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund (the "Board"). In order to raise the contribution rate above 3%
of Net Sales, the affirmative vote of not less than 2/3 of the Restaurants (including Restaurants that we
own) voting in a referendum on the proposed change is required. On each matter on which members are
entitled to vote, each member is entitled to one vote for each standard Restaurant that it owns or
controls. We would have one vote on all matters for each standard Restaurant that we own or
control. Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants are non-voting members of the
Marketing Fund. As described in Item 6, you are also required to sign the Advertising Agreement. In
December 2023, the members of the Marketing Fund approved an initiative (the “NMF Initiative”) that,
among other matters, increased the contribution rate to 6%, beginning on April 1, 2024 (the first day of
the second quarter of our 2024 fiscal year) and ending on December 30, 2029.

        Thereafter, the rate will be subject to increase or decrease by action of the Marketing Fund Board
(and vote of the members, if required), as provided in the Marketing Fund’s Bylaws. However, if we
increase the royalty at any time before December 30, 2029, the Marketing Fund contribution rate
automatically reverts to 5% on the effective date of the royalty increase for the time period that such
royalty increase is in effect. Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants are required to
contribute 25% of the standard contribution rate.


                                                  - 37 -
