acceptable to us or our assignee), with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by you; and (2) all
licenses and permits of the Restaurant that may be assigned or transferred. If you cannot deliver
clear title to all of the purchased assets as aforesaid, or if there are other unresolved issues, the closing
of the sale may, at our election, be accomplished through an escrow. You must, before closing,
comply with all applicable legal requirements, including the bulk sales provisions of the Uniform
Commercial Code of the state in which the Restaurant is located. We have the right to set off against
and reduce the purchase price by any and all amounts owed by you to us or our Affiliates, and the
amount of any encumbrances or liens against the assets or any obligations assumed by us. You and
each owner of an interest in you must indemnify us against all liabilities not so assumed.

                      (iv)     Actions Pending Closing. If we or our assignee exercise this option
to purchase, pending the closing of such purchase as hereinabove provided, we have the right to
appoint a manager to maintain the operation of the Restaurant as set forth under Section 15.(b).
Alternatively, we may require you to close the Restaurant during such time period without removing
any assets from the Restaurant. You must maintain in force all insurance policies required pursuant
to this Agreement, until the closing on the sale.

         21.     Independent Contractor; Indemnification.

                 (a)      Independent Contractor. This Agreement creates only a contractual
 relationship between the parties subject to normal rules of contract law. This Agreement does not
 create a fiduciary relationship between us and you and you are and will remain an independent
 contractor. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute either party an agent, legal
 representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant of the other for any purpose
 whatsoever. You will hold yourself out to the public as an independent contractor, separate and
 apart from us. You will not make any contract, agreement, warranty or representation on our behalf
 without our prior written consent, and you agree that you will not incur any debt or other obligation
 in our name. This Agreement will not be deemed to confer any rights or benefits to any person or
 entity not expressly named herein.

                 (b)       Business Management. You acknowledge that: (i) we will have no
 responsibility for the day-to-day operations of the Restaurant or the management of your business,
 including ensuring the safety and security of your customers or employees; (ii) you independently
 control the operation of your business and the results of your operations will depend almost
 exclusively on your business acumen and promotional and managerial efforts; and (iii) we have no
 responsibility for or control or supervision of your employment practices.

                  (c)     Indemnification. We will not be liable by reason of any act or omission by
 you in your operation of the Restaurant or for any claim, cause of action or judgment arising there-
 from against you or us. You will hold harmless, defend and indemnify us and our Affiliates, and
 our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and employees, from and against
 any and all losses, expenses, judgments, claims, costs (including reasonable attorney fees, court
 costs, and expert witness costs, as and when incurred) and damages arising out of or in connection
 with any claim or cause of action in which we are or become a named defendant and that arises,
 directly or indirectly, out of the construction or operation of, or in connection with, your Restaurant,
 other than a claim finally determined to have resulted directly from our negligence.


                                                   -46
