ity of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting at which a quorum is in attendance shall be neces-
sary to decide in favor of any matter properly submitted to the meeting.

    7. Action Without a Meeting. Any action required to be taken, or which may be taken, at
either an annual or special meeting of the members may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by members having not less than two-thirds (2/3rds) of the votes of entitled to be voted at
a meeting duly called; and provided, that written notice of such action is given to the other mem-
bers within five (5) days after the adoption of such action.

    8. Meeting Record. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary, another officer mem-
ber of the Cooperative or representative of Franchisor appointed by the President, shall keep
minutes of each meeting and make a written record of each action taken without a meeting.
Such minutes or written record shall be distributed to all members and to Franchisor within three
business days after the meeting or taking of action without a meeting.

    9. Guests at Meetings. Agency representatives and guests may attend meetings and, at the
discretion of the President, may have participating privileges, exclusive of voting privileges.
The President shall exclude from any meeting any person whose presence at a meeting is ob-
jected to by two or more members (excepting voting members and representatives of Franchisor
as described below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the regional marketing director of Franchi-
sor for the region to which the Marketing Area is assigned by Franchisor shall be given ten (10)
business days prior written notice of, and allowed to attend and participate in, and/or designate
one or more additional representatives to Franchisor to attend and participate in, all meetings of
the Cooperative (exclusive of voting, unless Franchisor or its affiliate is a member of the Cooper-
ative, in which case Franchisor’s designated representative will also be entitled to vote).

                                   ARTICLE V: OFFICERS

    1. Executive Officers. The members shall elect a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer,
and may elect one or more Vice Presidents and such other officers and assistant officers, as the
members may, from time to time, determine to be necessary to manage the affairs of the Cooper-
ative. Any one person, except as forbidden by law, may be elected to more than one office.
Any person elected to an office shall hold such office as such until a successor has been elected
and has accepted office, unless prior thereto such person resigns or is removed from office.
However, the members may provide for specific terms of office for officers of the Cooperative.
The officers of the Cooperative shall at all times be subject to dismissal by the members.

    2. Vacancies. Any vacancy in any office shall be filled by a majority of the votes entitled
to be voted at a meeting duly called for such purpose.

   3. Duties and Powers of Officers. The members shall prescribe the powers and duties of
each of the officers of the Cooperative.




                                                -7-
