will be payable. Further, if an approved transfer involves less than 25% of the ownership of you,
no transfer fee will be payable. If you are one or more individuals and any of you dies or becomes
permanently incapacitated, and if the law of the jurisdiction where the Restaurant is located so
provides, nothing contained in this Section will deny your spouse, heir(s) or personal
representative the opportunity to participate in the ownership of the Franchise for a reasonable
time after your death or incapacity, provided that: (i) this Agreement is valid and in effect; (ii) the
spouse, heir(s) or representative meets all conditions and qualifications otherwise required of
transferees; and (iii) such spouse, heir(s) or representative maintains and complies with all
standards and obligations contained in this Agreement. An assignment under this Section 15 must
be completed within a reasonable time, not to exceed 9 months from the date of death, permanent
incapacity or dissolution and is (except as otherwise provided above) be subject to the terms and
conditions applicable to lifetime transfers contained in Section 14, including our right of first
refusal.

                (b)     Management by Us. Pending assignment, if the Principal Operator ceases
managing the Restaurant and another shareholder, member, partner or employee of you that
qualifies as the Principal Operator does not assume such obligations, we may, at our sole option,
appoint a manager to operate the Restaurant for your account. All expenses of the Restaurant,
including compensation, travel and living expenses, and other costs of the appointed manager, and
a reasonable per diem fee for our administrative expenses, will be charged to you. Operation of
the Restaurant during any such period will be for and on your behalf. The appointed manager will
have a duty only to utilize his or her best efforts in the management of the Restaurant and neither
we nor the appointed manager will be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses, liabilities
or obligations incurred by the Restaurant, or to any of your creditors for any merchandise,
materials, supplies or services purchased by the Restaurant during any period in which it is
managed by our appointed manager.

       16.     Your Additional Covenants.

                (a)    Limitations on Activities. If you are a corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or other entity, you will not at any time during the Term of this Agreement
own, operate or have any interest in any other business or business activity other than the operation
of Papa Johns restaurants pursuant to agreements with us. If you are an individual and are also the
Principal Operator, you have disclosed to us all businesses in which you have an interest, or are
engaged in, and covenant that you will notify us of any intention to participate or engage, directly
or indirectly, in any other business activity at least 30 days before undertaking such activity or
becoming a party to any agreement or understanding relating to such activity. You will provide




                                                  36
