ments as Franchisor may reasonably require in order to implement the terms of this Section. Any
data generated by advertising, marketing or promotional materials, activities or programs pro-
duced or conducted by or on behalf of the Cooperative is the valuable, proprietary property and
trade secret of the Franchisor. Franchisor has the right at all times to access, retrieve, analyze,
download and use such data in any manner and for such purposes as Franchisor deems appropri-
ate.

         ARTICLE IV: MEETINGS OF MEMBERS OF THE COOPERATIVE

    1. Meetings of Members. Meetings of the members may be called at any time by the
President of the Cooperative, or by a majority of the members, upon not less than ten (10) days
written notice to the last address provided by each member for notices and communications. The
President shall be the presiding officer at each meeting, provided, (1) the President may, with the
consent of a majority of the members present at a meeting, delegate the conduct of a meeting to
another member, a representative of Franchisor, or a representative of an approved agency re-
tained by the Cooperative; and (ii) the President shall delegate the conduct of any meeting, or
portion of a meeting, in which the qualification to continue in office, good standing or suspen-
sion of membership of the President’s (or the franchise entity represented by the President) is be-
fore the meeting.

   2. Waiver of Notice of Attendance. Attendance at a meeting shall be a waiver of notice,
unless attendance is expressly for the purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to
the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

   3. Quorum. Presence in person or by proxy of members representing fifty-one percent
(51%) of the votes entitled to be voted by members in good standing shall constitute a quorum at
any properly noticed meeting of the Cooperative. A quorum shall not be lost by the departure of
members before adjournment.

   4. Voting Rights. Each member in good standing on the date of a meeting shall, at such
meeting, be entitled to one (1) vote for each Restaurant owned or controlled by such member on
each matter on which such member is entitled to vote. A member may cast all such votes on
each matter properly submitted to be voted on. If the member is an entity, it may cast votes and
be represented at meetings by any one of its authorized officers, partners or members.

   5. Proxies. Each member entitled to vote at a meeting of the Cooperative shall be entitled
at such meeting to vote by proxy. A proxy may be given to and exercised only by: (A) a repre-
sentative of Franchisor; or (B) another member in good standing of the Cooperative. Proxies
shall be valid only if signed by the member, dated and filed with the Secretary prior to or at the
meeting for which it is given. No proxy shall be irrevocable and any proxy may be revoked at
any time in writing or in person at the meeting for which it was given. A proxy may be given
only for a single meeting.




                                               -6-
