or other public statement relating to this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other
Parties, except for any public statement required under applicable Law. With respect to any such
public statement required by applicable Law, each Party shall provide the other Party a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment upon any such statement prior to its issuance. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Franchise Group acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may issue one or
more press releases or other public statements relating to the consummation of the Proposed
Transaction without the prior written approval of the Franchise Group.

                (q)     Disclosure of Agreement. The Parties shall keep confidential and not
disclose to any third person the existence or any terms of this Agreement or information with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that are not generally known to the
public. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall be permitted to disclose such information:
to the extent required under applicable Law (including reporting requirements applicable to public
companies or franchisors), (b) to any Person on a “need to know” basis whose assistance is
required to consummate the transactions described in this Agreement, provided that the disclosing
Party advises such Person of the confidential nature of such information and uses commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such Person to maintain the confidentiality of such information, (c) to
the extent necessary or reasonably appropriate in connection with the enforcement of any right or
remedy relating to this Agreement, and (d) in compliance with Section 4.(q).

                (r)       Successors and Assigns; Restrictions on Assignment. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors in
interest and permitted assigns. Franchisor may, without the consent of the other Parties, assign this
Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates or to any successor
in interest (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, conversion or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of its business operations and/or assets. This Agreement shall not be assignable or
transferable in whole or in part by the Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof)—directly or
indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, through any type of “transfer” (as defined in the Covered
Franchise Agreements)—except upon the express prior written consent of Franchisor. No such
assignment by the Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof) shall relieve such Party of any of
its obligations hereunder, except as provided herein. Any attempted assignment or transfer by the
Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof) in contravention of this Section 4.(r) shall be null and
void.


                             [Remainder of page intentionally blank]




                                                 17
