fully in Section 11.(m), which inspections and evaluations may be conducted at such times and in
such manner as we reasonably determine;

              (e)     communication to you of information relating to Restaurant operations to the
extent we deem it necessary or pertinent;

               (f)         operation of the online and digital ordering system, including integrated
aggregator or other third-party platforms, which enables customers to place orders online via internet
and mobile applications with access to our website, provided:

                       (i)      we do not represent or warrant to you, and expressly disclaim any
warranty that the online and digital ordering system (or any other Alternative Ordering System that
may be developed by us) will be error-free or that the operation and use of the online and digital
ordering system or any such other Alternative Ordering System will be uninterrupted or error-free;
and
                       (ii)    we have no obligation or liability for any expense or loss incurred by
you (including lost sales or profits) arising from operation (including failure of operations) or use
of the online and digital ordering system or any other Alternative Ordering System that may be
developed by us;

               (g)      preparation and presentation to the Board of the Marketing Fund of an annual
budget for their input and approval; and

               (h)     foster positive, constructive and respectful communication between you and
us, between us and the community of franchisees at large, and between franchisees.

       5.       Territorial Provisions.

              (a)      Territory. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5, we will not locate nor
license another to locate a Papa Johns restaurant within a one and one-half mile radius of the
Location OR a one-half mile radius in certain densely populated urban areas (the "Territory").

                 (b)       Non-Traditional Exclusion. Venues suitable for non-traditional Papa Johns
operations (collectively "Non-Traditional Locations"), are excluded from protection within the
Territory. Such venues include enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals, colleges, universities
or other schools), airports, parks (including theme parks), military bases, sports arenas or stadiums,
train stations, travel plazas, and entertainment venues that are subject to exclusive food vending
rights of third parties or for which you are otherwise precluded from obtaining occupancy or vending
rights, such as, by way of example and not of limitation, financial or net worth requirements of the
landlord or site operator; laws, rules or regulations applicable to the location (such as special
regulatory or licensing schemes applicable to casino or gaming operations or Indian tribal laws or
regulations); or national security issues. We may open non-traditional Papa Johns restaurants, or
franchise the right to open non-traditional Papa Johns restaurants to other persons at any such Non-
Traditional Locations, regardless of where they are located. No delivery services will be permitted
from non-traditional restaurants located within the Territory, except as otherwise agreed by you and
us.
                                                  7
