consent: (i) relocate the Restaurant; or (ii) renew or materially alter, amend or modify any lease, or
make or allow any transfer, sublease or assignment of your rights under any lease or owned location
pertaining to the Premises. Such consent may not be unreasonably withheld. You must give us
notice not less than 30 days before any of the foregoing. We may require you to relocate the
Restaurant to another location upon: (A) expiration of the original term or any extension or renewal
of your lease; or (B) any significant damage to the Premises or surrounding areas, or other event
that would provide you with an option or right to terminate the lease. We will not require relocation
if you prefer to remain at the same location and you demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction that:
(i) the trade area and location meet our then-current criteria for new restaurants; and (ii) you can
restore or renovate the Premises to our then-current standards and agree in writing to do so if
approved. You must give us notice not less than 60 days before the expiration of your lease, and
you must give us written notice within five days after the occurrence of any event covered by (B)
above. Our right to require you to relocate is conditioned upon: (1) the availability of a location
approved by us for such relocation; (2) our offering to extend the Term of this Agreement for not
less than five years, or at our option, offering to enter into our then-current form of franchise
agreement (which will include an initial term of 5 years); and (3) the Territory (as measured from
the new location) not extending into the "Territory" of any other Papa Johns Pizza franchisee. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH RELOCATION, IF REQUIRED, WOULD INVOLVE
SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT BY YOU DURING THE TERM OF THIS
AGREEMENT, AND MAY INCLUDE AN OBLIGATION TO LEASE OR BUY LAND,
CONSTRUCT A FREE-STANDING BUILDING, INSTALL LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS
AND/OR PURCHASE NEW EQUIPMENT AND SIGNAGE.

         7.     Proprietary Marks; Copyright.

                 (a)    Ownership of Copyrights. You acknowledge that: (i) we may authorize
 you to use certain copyrighted or copyrightable works (the "Copyrighted Works"), including the
 Manuals; (ii) the Copyrighted Works are the valuable property of us; and (iii) your rights to use the
 Copyrighted Works are granted to you solely on the condition that you comply with the terms of
 this Agreement. You acknowledge that we will further create, acquire or obtain licenses for certain
 copyrights in various works of authorship used in connection with the operation of the Restaurant,
 all of which shall be deemed to be Copyrighted Works under this Agreement. Copyrighting of any
 material by us will not be construed as causing the material to be public information. All data
 provided by you, uploaded to our computer system from your computer system, and/or downloaded
 from your computer system to our computer system is and will be owned exclusively by us, and
 we will have the right to use that data in any manner that we deem appropriate without
 compensation to you.

                 (b)    Ownership; Use by Others. . You acknowledge that we are the sole and
 exclusive owner of: (i) the Marks and all goodwill associated with or generated by use of the
 Marks; (ii) the Copyrighted Works; and (iii) any and all data generated by use of the Copyrighted
 Works. You acknowledge that all works of authorship related to the System that are created in the
 future will be owned by, or licensed to, us or our Affiliates. Your use of the Copyrighted Works
 and the Marks does not vest you with any interest therein other than the non-exclusive license to
 use the Copyrighted Works and Marks granted in this Agreement. You will execute any documents
 that we or our counsel deem necessary for the protection of the Copyrighted Works or the Marks
 or to maintain their validity or enforceability, or to aid us in acquiring rights in or in registering
                                                 -10
