the Franchise granted herein.

         14.     Transfers; Our Right of First Refusal.

                (a)       Transfer Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, "transfer” means any
issuance, sale, assignment, gift, grant, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger,
consolidation, share exchange, or transfer in substance of a beneficial interest in the Restaurant or
all or a substantial part of its assets (including transfer of an interest in or right to receive the profits
of the Restaurant or the obligation to bear the risk of loss incurred in the operation of the Restaurant)
even if not formally styled as a transfer of ownership of the Restaurant, and any ownership or
structural changes in you or any beneficial owner in you, including any merger, reorganization,
issuance of additional shares or classes of stock or additional membership or partnership interests.

                (b)      Assignment by Us. We may assign this Agreement or any or all of the rights,
interests, benefits or obligations arising hereunder without restriction. Upon any assignment of this
Agreement by us, we will be automatically released from all obligations and liabilities arising or
accruing in connection with this Agreement after the date of such transfer or assignment.

                 (c)      Transfers by You. Your rights and interests under this Agreement are and
remain personal to you. You recognize that we have granted the Franchise in reliance on your
business and financial capacity and other attributes, and in reliance upon the Owner Agreement.
Accordingly, neither you nor any beneficial holder of any capital stock or other ownership interest
in you (if you are a corporation or other entity) may, without obtaining our prior written consent,
transfer: (i) any interest in the Franchise or this Agreement (including any security interest); (ii) any
material portion of your assets or the assets of the Restaurant; or (iii) any stock or other ownership
interest in you or in any owner of you; except as provided in this Section 14.(c). We have the right
to communicate with both you, your counsel, if any, and the proposed transferee on any aspect of
such proposed transfer. Our consent to a particular transfer does not constitute consent to any
subsequent, modified or different transfer and does not constitute a waiver of any claims that we
have against you. Any attempted transfer not in accordance with this Agreement shall have no effect
and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.

                       (i)     Restricted Transfers. Except for Permitted Transfers as described
in subsection 14.(c)(viii) below, you must give us at least 45 days prior written notice of any
intended transfer of any of your rights or interest under this Agreement or the proposed transfer of
any interest in you, the Restaurant or any material portion of your assets or the assets of the
Restaurant. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 14.(c)(vi), below. We will not
unreasonably withhold our consent to a proposed transfer.

                       (ii)    Right of First Refusal. Irrespective of the qualifications or accept-
ability of any prospective transferee, we have the first right and option to purchase the interest
intended or proposed to be transferred at the same price and on the same terms between you and the
prospective transferee contained in the notice, except that:



                                                     35
