
       In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent.
Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the parties to the attached Papa John’s Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the
"Agreement") agree as follows:

1.      The Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the following Section 26:

        26.     The parties acknowledge and agree that they have been advised that the North Dakota
        Securities Commissioner has determined the following agreement provisions are unfair, unjust, or
        inequitable to North Dakota franchisees:

        A.      Restrictive Covenants: Any provision which discloses the existence of covenants
                restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C., without further disclosing
                that such covenants will be subject to this statute.

        B.      Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Any provision requiring that the parties must agree to
                arbitrate disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the franchisee's business.

        C.      Restriction on Forum: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to
                the jurisdiction of courts outside of North Dakota.

        D.      Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Any provision requiring North Dakota
                franchisees to consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties.

        E.      Applicable Laws: Any provision which specifies that any claims arising under the North
                Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of a state other than North Dakota.

        F.      Waiver of Trial by Jury: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to
                the waiver of a trial by jury.

        G.      Waiver of Exemplary and Punitive Damages: Any provision requiring North Dakota
                franchisees to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.

        H.      General Release: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to execute a general
                release of claims as a condition of renewal or transfer of a franchise.

        I.      Limitation on Claims. Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a limitation on
                when claims may be brought.

                                   [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




North Dakota Amendment to the Franchise Agreement – Small Town Non-Traditional Restaurant
                                      (Page 1 of 2)
