discretion through our affiliate, PJUSA, the opportunity to acquire certain equipment for the Restaurants
via a 48-month lease for a value ranging from $30,000 to $125,000 depending on the terms of your
Development Agreement. You will purchase the equipment and if you meet certain requirements of the
Development Agreement you will be reimbursed for such equipment upon the opening of the applicable
Restaurant, execution of a Bill of Sale and Assignment attached as Exhibit B to the Development
Agreement transferring ownership of the equipment to PJI or one of its affiliates, and execution of the
Equipment Lease (as hereinafter defined). The cost of the equipment will be amortized or repaid as
explained in the Equipment Lease. The equipment package may include a set of PJI approved ovens, the
Information System, or other Restaurant equipment as determined by us. The form of the lease agreement
for the equipment (the “Equipment Lease”) is attached hereto as Exhibit C and as Exhibit C to the
Development Agreement. If we offer you this equipment lease package, the terms will be as follows:

          To qualify for the equipment lease purchase, the Restaurant must be open in accordance with the
development schedule for the Restaurant as set forth in the Development Agreement and you must have
executed the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Equipment Lease with PJUSA. If you satisfy all of those
requirements and you continue to meet all requirements hereunder and comply with the terms of your
Development Agreement, all of your Franchise Agreements, and the Equipment Lease, we (through our
affiliate PJUSA) will reimburse you for the cost of the equipment within 60 days after you execute the
Bill of Sale and Assignment and Equipment Lease. If the Restaurant is not open for business on or before
the scheduled date set forth in the Development Agreement and Equipment Lease, PJUSA may revoke
the Equipment Lease and rescind and terminate the Bill of Sale and Assignment and all obligations to
reimburse you for the cost of the equipment (if you have not already been reimbursed) or, if you have
been reimbursed, require you to pay back to PJUSA the full amount of the reimbursement or return the
equipment to PJUSA at your expense.

       If the Restaurant closes, or you are otherwise not in compliance with the Equipment Lease, the
Development Agreement, or any Franchise Agreement, or in good standing during the lease period, we
may revoke and terminate your Equipment Lease, require you to pay for the unamortized amount for the
equipment, and/or repossess and dispose of the equipment, at our election.

        The principal financing terms under the Equipment Lease are as follows:

         •       There are no interest or finance charges under the Equipment Lease.
         •       Under the Equipment Lease, no periodic payments are due. A single payment of
                 $50 is due at the end of the lease’s 48-month term.
         •       Under the Equipment Lease, we will retain a security interest in the equipment,
                 which will be filed with the appropriate authority in your state.
         •       We do not require a guaranty specific to the Equipment Lease. However, if you are a
                 corporation, LLC or other business entity, under the Owner Agreement each of your
                 owners must personally guarantee all of your debts and obligations to us and our
                 affiliates. This would include payments due under the Equipment Lease. A copy of
                 the Owner Agreement is attached as Exhibit K-1.
         •       Prepayment is not available under the Equipment Lease. The option to purchase the
                 equipment for $50 applies only at the end of the lease term and only if the Restaurant
                 has been continuously open and operating throughout the lease term and you are
                 otherwise in compliance with the Equipment Lease, Development Agreement, and
                 all Franchise Agreements.
         •       If you are in default under the Equipment Lease we may terminate the Equipment Lease
                 and: (a) we or our designated agents or representatives may enter the site and repossess
                 the equipment; (b) we may sue for a court ordered repossession; and in either case, you
                 must pay all costs and charges incurred by us in connection with repossessing the
                 equipment, including without limitation, costs or charges incurred by us to recover the

                                                 - 32 -
