characteristics of the local area and size and nature of the potential customer base.

         15.       Because of the widely varying requirements for different types of Non-Traditional
Restaurants, there is wide variation in the low and high end of the estimated costs set forth in the table.
Non-Traditional Restaurants can generally be grouped into two categories, both with particular and
widely varying characteristics: Captive (Stadiums, Arenas, Colleges, & Airports) and C-Store. Non-
Traditional Restaurants operated in sports stadiums and arenas typically have intermittent operations,
opening only on days when there is an event scheduled for the venue. The equipment needs of a
Restaurant operating in a stadium or arena can vary widely, depending on the number of serving locations.
In a small venue, there may be only one cooking station. In a large capacity stadium, there may be
multiple cooking stations, each requiring its own set of ovens, make-line, cooler and other furnishings
and equipment. Certain Captive Non-Traditional Restaurants may sell a limited product line, such as
pizza by the slice or an 8-inch personal size pizza. These types of Non-Traditional Restaurants are
typically operated in a food court, such as at a shopping mall, airport or university student center. These
Restaurants often require less equipment and furnishings due to the limited product offerings. A C-Store
is a Restaurant that offers a full range of menu items but does not offer delivery service. These
Restaurants are typically operated inside convenience stores or sometimes in large metropolitan centers
with a high volume of foot traffic. Also, in some venues the owner or operator of the venue may provide
any necessary construction or remodeling. Rent may be zero in many stadiums and arenas because the
owner or operator of the venue, or sometimes the general concessionaire, may charge a percentage of
sales as a commission, while not making any separate charge for your occupancy of the space in which
the Restaurant is located. Often, the venue provides utility services, so you will not incur costs for security
deposits or fees for installation of utility hook-ups, which typically are already in place in the venue.
Also, in Non-Traditional Restaurants, some space and equipment may be shared (e.g., information
system, beverage station, cooler, prep area, dish area, storage, restrooms). Further, some Non-Traditional
Restaurants may offer delivery from the Restaurant, in which case the GIS New Store Map Package Fee
would be payable.

         16.      As further described in Item 5, the Development Fee Deposit is between $5,000 and
$25,000 per Restaurant for standard Restaurants, and the Development Fee Deposit is $5,000 per Non-
Traditional Restaurant and Small-Town Restaurant. There is no minimum number of Restaurants
required to be developed under a Development Agreement; however, it is our standard practice to require
that all franchisees execute a Development Agreement, even if the franchisee only desires to open one
Restaurant.

        The “TOTAL ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT (PRE- OPENING AND FIRST 3
MONTHS OF OPERATION)” column in the above tables reflects that the Development Fee Deposit will
be applied to the initial Franchise Agreement for your first Restaurant and credited against your Initial
Franchise Fee for your first Restaurant.

        Your total Development Fee Deposit will depend on the number of Restaurants to be opened
under your Development Agreement. You and we must agree upon the number of Restaurants to be
opened under your Development Agreement, as well as the Development Fee Deposit amount payable
per Restaurant. By way of example, the total Development Fee Deposit payable under a Development
Agreement for the right to develop 3 standard Restaurants would be between $15,000 and $75,000,
depending on where the Development Fee Deposit falls within the range described above (put differently,
if the Development Fee Deposit is set at $5,000 per Restaurant, the franchisee would be required to pay
a $15,000 Development Fee Deposit upon signing the Development Agreement; and if the Development
Fee Deposit is set at $25,000 per standard Restaurant, the franchisee would be required to pay a $75,000
Development Fee Deposit upon signing the Development Fee Deposit). Regardless of the number of
Restaurants to be developed or the amount of the Development Fee Deposit, the Development Fee
Deposit will be credited towards the Initial Franchise Fee payable in connection with each executed

                                                    - 24 -
