                              FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

        Papa John's Franchising, LLC
    a Kentucky Limited Liability Company
    2002 Papa John's Boulevard Louisville,
     Kentucky 40299-0900 (502) 261-7272
            www.papajohns.com

        The franchise offered is for the operation of a quick service restaurant specializing in pizza and
limited additional menu items under the name "Papa Johns." Our standard terms may be modified by the
terms of our "Non-Traditional Program" and “Small-Town Program” (defined in Item 1).
         The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Standard Papa Johns franchise and a Small-
Town Papa Johns franchise is $261,165 to $853,365. This includes $38,865 to $80,865 that must be paid
to the franchisor or its affiliate for a Standard Papa Johns franchise and $38,865 to $60,865 that must be
paid to the franchisor or its affiliate for a Small-Town Restaurant. The total investment necessary to begin
operation of a Non-Traditional Papa Johns franchise is $111,000 to $403,915. This includes $9,000 to
$60,865 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliate.
        You must execute a development agreement even if you are a single-unit operator. When you
enter into a development agreement, the total development fee deposit will depend on the number of
restaurants to be opened under the development agreement and will range from $5,000 to $25,000 per
restaurant. You and we must agree upon the number of restaurants to be opened under the development
agreement and the development fee deposit payable per restaurant. Although there is no minimum number
of restaurants, we primarily seek franchisees who are willing and able to develop multiple restaurants.
When you enter into each franchise agreement, we may credit $5,000 to $25,000 of the development fee
deposit against the first installment of the initial franchise fee for each restaurant.
         This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.
You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement
with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.
Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this document.
       You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Jasmine Britt by email
Jasmine_Britt@papajohns.com.
         The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Do not rely on the disclosure
document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your contract and
this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant.
        Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help
you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as "A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a
Franchise," which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the
Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also visit FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov
for additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources of
information in franchising.
        There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them. The date
of issuance of this Franchise Disclosure Document is March 28, 2025.
  DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR US (EXCLUDING ALASKA, HAWAII, AND MARYLAND).
