consistency; maintaining the Restaurant in the highest condition of sanitation, cleanliness and
appearance; and supervising employees to ensure that the highest standard of service is maintained
and to ensure that your employees deal with customers, suppliers, us, and all other persons in a
courteous and polite manner.

                (c)    Compliance with Our Standards. You have full responsibility for the
conduct and terms of employment for your employees and the day-to-day operation of your
business, including hiring, termination, pay practices and any other employment practices.
However, in order to ensure compliance with the quality standards and other requirements of the
System, you must operate and maintain the Restaurant through strict adherence to the standards,
specifications and policies of the System as they now exist, and as they may from time to time be
modified. Such standards and policies include: (i) specifications and preparation methods for
food and beverages; (ii) hours of operation (provided, the days and hours of operation may
conform to the schedule of events at the Location and/or other restrictions imposed by the owner
or licensor of the Premises and/or the Location); (iii) menu items and services offered; (iv)
requirements and specifications for uniforms and/or attire of Restaurant personnel; (v) use of
specified emblems and Marks on containers, bags, boxes, napkins; (vi) methods of payment
accepted from customers; (vii) data privacy and security; (viii) cleanliness, sanitation and public
health precautions and procedures; (ix) handling of customer complaints; (x) required furnishings
and equipment, (xi) specifications and approval or disapproval of certain furnishings or equipment;
(xii) use of certain sales channels, and (xiii) all required provisions of the Manuals. You
acknowledge that our specifications and standards with respect to public health or safety, or the
health or safety of employees and data privacy and security may be stricter or more rigorous than
the requirements of applicable laws and that you must in all cases adhere to our standards and
specifications.

                (d)     Training. You will, at your own expense, conduct at the Restaurant such
training and instruction, using such materials, equipment and supplies, as we may reasonably
require from time to time. Should any employee or prospective employee of yours perform work
that in our reasonable judgment requires additional operational training, skills or knowledge, such
employee must take part in such additional training and instruction. You are solely responsible
for all wages, travel and living expenses, and all other costs incurred by you and your employees
in connection with any training or instruction that we provide or require.

                (e)     Manuals. We will lend to you one or more manuals that contain: (i) the
mandatory and suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures prescribed from time
to time by us; and (ii) information relative to other obligations hereunder and the operation of the
Restaurant (the "Manuals"). The Manuals at all times remain our sole property. We may, from
time to time, revise the contents of the Manuals. To the extent that we deem it necessary or
appropriate, we will provide you with policy and procedure statements or other written notice of
specifications, standards and procedures. You will promptly adopt and use the formulas, methods,
                                                22
