
        In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchises Law, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 through
80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of
Commerce, Minn. Rules §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930, the parties to the attached Papa John’s
Franchising, LLC Development Agreement (the "Agreement") agree as follows:

        Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain non-renewal rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14
        (subd. 4) currently requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 180 days’
        notice of non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement.

        Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain transfer rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. §80C.14
        (subd. 5) currently requires that consent to the transfer of the franchise may not be unreasonably
        withheld.

        Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14
        (subd. 3) currently requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’
        notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) of the Franchise Agreement.

        Minn. Stat. § 80C.17 prohibits any action from being commenced under the Minnesota Franchises
        Law more than three years after the cause of action accrues. Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule
        2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring
        waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or
        judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the disclosure document or agreement can abrogate or
        reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to jury
        trial, any procedure, forum, or remedies as may be provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
        claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
        disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person
        acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
        executed in connection with the franchise.

        Each provision of this Agreement shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchises Law or the Rules and
Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of Commerce are met independently
without reference to this addendum to the Agreement.




                        Minnesota Amendment to the Development Agreement
                                         (Page 1 of 1)
