completes, to our satisfaction, our initial training requirements and participates in and successfully
completes, to our satisfaction, all additional training that we reasonably designate.

                      (iv)     The Principal Operator must be proficient in writing and speaking
English, to ensure compliance with our operational standards and to ensure efficient communications
with customers and us.

                         (v)     The Principal Operator must interact with us and our representatives
 in a positive, constructive and respectful manner.

         If, at any time for any reason, the Principal Operator no longer qualifies to act as such, you
must promptly designate another Principal Operator subject to the same qualifications listed above.
Any sale or transfer of any portion of the Principal Operator's interest in you, if any, that would
reduce the Principal Operator's equity interest or voting rights in you to less than 5% of the total
constitutes a transfer of an interest, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 14 hereof; and any
failure to comply with such terms and conditions constitutes a default by you under this Agreement.
However, if the Principal Operator owns 5% or less of you, then a transfer of the Principal Operator's
interest to you, another shareholder, member or partner of you or to a successor Principal Operator
does not require our consent, is not subject to our right of first refusal and no transfer fee is required.
You must promptly notify us in writing of any such transfer and provide all information about the
transferee and the terms of the transfer as we may reasonable request. If it is determined that you
have designated an unapproved Principal Operator, you will be considered in default of this
Agreement and we may terminate this Agreement subject to any cure periods outlined herein. Such
unapproved Principal Operator must be removed immediately regardless of any cure periods.

                (b)      Management of the Restaurant. The Principal Operator must personally
devote his/her full time and best efforts to the management and operation of the Restaurant in order to
ensure compliance with this Agreement and to maintain our high standards. Management
responsibility includes: presence of the Principal Operator or designated manager at the Restaurant
during all business hours; maintaining the highest standards of product quality and consistency;
maintaining the Restaurant in the highest condition of sanitation, cleanliness and appearance; and
supervising employees to ensure that the highest standard of service is maintained.

                (c)     Compliance with Our Standards. You have full responsibility for the
 conduct and terms of employment for your employees and the day-to-day operation of your
 business, including hiring, termination, pay practices and any other employment practices.
 However, in order to ensure compliance with the quality standards and other requirements of the
 System, you must operate and maintain the Restaurant through strict adherence to the standards,
 specifications and policies of the System as they now exist, and as they may from time to time be
 modified. Such standards and policies include: (i) specifications and preparation methods for food
 and beverages; (ii) days and hours of operation; (iii) menu items and services offered; (iv)
 requirements and specifications for uniforms and/or attire of Restaurant personnel; (v) use of
 specified emblems and Marks on containers, bags, boxes, napkins; (vi) methods of payment
 accepted from customers; (vii) data privacy and security (viii) cleanliness, sanitation and public
 health precautions and procedures; (ix) handling of customer complaints, (x) required furnishings
 and equipment, (xi) specifications and approval or disapproval of certain furnishings or equipment,
                                                    27
