prep tables, shelving, smallwares, a phone system and answering machine, a desk, filing cabinets, Papa
Card processing equipment and related office supplies. The low end of the range assumes that you take
over an existing restaurant space with some of these items already in place. The high end of the range
assumes that all new equipment is purchased, including two ovens. An equipment package for a 1,400
square foot Restaurant averages $170,000. A Non-Traditional Restaurant in a large-capacity venue, such
as a large football or baseball stadium may require additional ovens or other additional fixtures and
equipment. The equipment that you must obtain for a Non-Traditional Restaurant will vary widely
depending on the nature of the Restaurant. For example, a Non-Traditional Restaurant may use one oven
at a small location or may use six or more ovens for a large Restaurant.

         3.        As described in Item 11 of this Disclosure Document, we will require you to purchase,
lease or obtain the Information System. PJI and its subsidiaries are currently the only approved suppliers.
The Initial Investment table includes the estimated cost of purchasing and licensing all aspects of the
Information System as currently configured. You may contract with a third party that we certify or
approve or make other suitable arrangements for installation and/or support services that we approve.
However, you will be required to pay your third-party vendor to provide these services and we do not
establish the fees charged by such third-party providers.

         Most Non-Traditional Restaurants will not be required to obtain the Information System (see
Item 11). However, all Non-Traditional Restaurants will be required to have point-of-sale technology
that we have approved, which must include, at a minimum, the capability of electronic reporting of sales
data. If the Information System is not required, you will not incur the Help Desk Service, the Software
Maintenance Fee, On-Site Support Fee or the On-Site Installation Fee. If you do acquire the Information
System or are required to utilize the Information System, you are required to utilize our services for help
desk, on-site support, and installation (unless the installation is performed by a qualified installer
approved by us). If you do not utilize the Information System and are not required to do so as outlined
herein, you will not incur the Help Desk Service Fee, On-Site Support Fee or the On-Site Installation Fee.

        4.        This fee is paid to us for in-store support on the Information System.

        5.         If you utilize the Information System you are required to subscribe to our Help Desk
Services for a flat fee of $80 per month. These rates are subject to change.

         6.        This one-time fee is paid to us or our affiliates for any design and/or architecture
services provided by us, our affiliates, or our designees during the development of the Restaurant. Non-
Traditional Restaurants may not be required to pay the Test Fit Fee. Subject to our prior written consent
for any third-party service providers, you will not be required to pay the Test Fit Fee if you choose not to
use our, our affiliates’, or our designees’ design and/or architecture services for your Restaurant.

         7.       The amount of the first month's rent and security deposit will depend on the area of the
country in which the Restaurant is located, the size, condition and location of the premises, the availability
and demand for the premises among prospective lessees. If a building is purchased or constructed rather
than leased, you will incur additional capital or financing costs, or both, the extent of which cannot be
estimated and will be determined by market conditions and other factors. Non-Traditional Restaurants
may in some cases pay a percentage of sales or similar volume-based charge in lieu of fixed rental
payments. These charges are expected to vary greatly depending on the nature of the Restaurant's location
and its customer traffic.

        8.         In addition to the security deposit, this amount also covers utility and other deposits and
your initial insurance premium. These deposits are typically refundable.



                                                    - 22 -
