


In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the parties
to the attached Papa John’s Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the "Agreement") agree as follows:

        1. Releases. Sections 2(b)(vi) and 14(c)(vi)(H) are each amended to add the following:

                The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer
                shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
                Law.

        2. Franchise Fee. Section 3(a) is amended by adding the following:

                Based on our financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has required a
                financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be
                deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise
                agreement.

        3. Entire Agreement. Section 25(d) is amended by adding the following:

                All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel or
                waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of
                any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

        4. Mandatory Arbitration. Section 23(a) is amended by adding the following:

                This franchise agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A
                Maryland franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a
                franchisee to waive its right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the
                Maryland Franchise Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as
                to whether this forum selection requirement is legally enforceable.

        5. Time Limit on Filing. Section 23(f) is amended by adding the following:

                The foregoing limitation on the period of time arbitration and/or litigation claims must be
                brought shall not act to reduce the 3-year statute of limitations afforded a franchisee for
                bringing a claim arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
                Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must
                be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

        6. Acknowledgments. The following shall be included as a new Section 25(n):

                No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
                connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
                (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
                inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
                franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
                supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

             Maryland Amendment to the Franchise Agreement – Standard Restaurant
                                        (Page 1 of 2)
